https://www.designplan.co.uk/cookies-privacy-policy/
Skip to content
DESIGNPLAN LIGHTING LIMITED – WEBSITE PRIVACY POLICY
Introduction
Welcome to the Designplan Lighting Limited (“Designplan”) website privacy policy.
Designplan respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal data. This privacy policy will inform you as to how we look after your personal data when you visit our website (regardless of where you visit it from) and tell you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you.
Important information and who we are
Purpose of this privacy policy
This privacy policy aims to give you information on how Designplan collects and processes your personal data through your use of this website, including any data you may provide through this website when you sign up to our e-mail newsletter.
This website is not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect data relating to children.
It is important that you read this privacy policy together with any other privacy policy or fair processing policy we may provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing personal data about you so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your data. This privacy policy supplements other notices and privacy policies and is not intended to override them.
In addition to this website privacy policy, we also have a separate privacy policy in place in connection with our customers and suppliers of goods and services.
Controller
Designplan Lighting Limited is the controller and responsible for your personal data (referred to as “Designplan”, “we”, “us” or “our” in this privacy policy).
We have appointed a Data Protection Manager who is responsible for overseeing questions in relation to this privacy policy. If you have any questions about this privacy policy, including any requests to exercise your legal rights, please contact the Data Protection Manager using the details set out below.
Contact details
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or our privacy practices, please contact our Data Protection Manager in the following ways:
Full name of legal entity: Designplan Lighting Limited
Email address: DATAPRIVACY@DESIGNPLAN.CO.UK
Postal address: 16 Kimpton Park Way, Sutton, Surrey SM3 9QS, United Kingdom
You have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues (www.ico.org.uk). We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the ICO so please contact us in the first instance.
Changes to the privacy policy and your duty to inform us of changes
We keep our privacy policy under regular review. This version was last updated on in October 2018. Historic versions (if any) can be obtained by contacting us.
It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us.
Third-party links
This website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy policy of every website you visit.
The data we collect about you
Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. It does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data).
We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you which we have grouped together as follows:
Identity Data includes title, first name and last name.Contact Data includes postal address, email address and telephone numbers.Technical Data includes internet protocol (IP) address, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform, and other technology on the devices you use to access this website.Usage Data includes information about how you use our website, products and services.Marketing and Communications Data includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties and your communication preferences.
We also collect, use and share Aggregated Data such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated Data could be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data in law as this data will not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate your Usage Data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific website feature. However, if we combine or connect Aggregated Data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this privacy policy.
We do not collect any Special Categories of Personal Data about you (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health, and genetic and biometric data). Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.
How is your personal data collected?
We use different methods to collect data from and about you including through:
Direct interactions. You may give us your Identity and Contact Data by filling in forms or by corresponding with us by post, phone, email or otherwise. This includes personal data you provide when yousubscribe to our newsletter ;request marketing information to be sent to you;enter a competition, promotion or survey; orgive us feedback or contact us directly.Automated technologies or interactions. As you interact with our website, we will automatically collect Technical Data about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns. We collect this personal data by using cookies and other similar technologies.Third parties or publicly available sources. We will receive personal data about you from various third parties as set out below :Technical Data from the following parties:a) analytics providers such as Google based in the USA;b)advertising networks such as Google, Twitter, YouTube and LinkedIn based in the USA; andc) search information providers Google based in the USA.Contact Data from providers of e-mail newsletter services such as Mailchimp based outside the EU.Identity and Contact Data from data brokers or aggregators such as Lead Forensics based inside the EU.
How we use your personal data
This privacy notice only deals with the use of personal data for marketing and when you visit our Website. We process personal data whenever a data subject subscribes to one of our newsletters or has provided consent to one of our marketing communications via our Website. This notice applies to all such marketing. Use of personal data in relation to our business relationships with our customers and suppliers is dealt with by a separate privacy policy.
We rely on your consent as the legal basis for processing your personal data in relation to such marketing communications to you. You have the right to withdraw consent to such marketing at any time (opting out).
Types of DataCollectionUseDisclosuresContact DataOther InformationProfile DataInformation you give us by filling in forms or by corresponding with us by post, phone, email or otherwise. This includes personal data you provide when you: –subscribe to our e-mail newsletter. –agree to marketing communications via our Website.give us some feedback on one of our marketing events or communications.Contact us directly (general enquiry).To contact you with our publications and/or marketing communications as consented to by you.To respond to any feedback from you on one of our marketing events or communications.To respond to a direct enquiry from yourself.Personal data may be transferred to and viewed by us.Personal data may be transferred to and viewed by any party providing services to us to support the operation of our business, such as IT, other administrative support and other functions as set out in section 5 below.Third parties to whom we may choose to transfer, or merge parts of our business or our assets. Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. If a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this privacy notice.
Purposes for which we will use your personal data
We have set out below, in a table format, a description of all the ways we plan to use your personal data, and which of the legal bases we rely on to do so.
Note that we may process your personal data for more than one lawful ground depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your data. Please contact us if you need details about the specific legal ground we are relying on to process your personal data where more than one ground has been set out in the table below.Promotional offers from us
We may use your Identity, Contact, Technical and Usage Data to form a view on what we think you may want or need, or what may be of interest to you. This is how we decide which products, services and offers may be relevant for you (we call this marketing).
You will receive marketing communications from us if you have requested information from us or purchased goods or services from us and you have not opted out of receiving that marketing.
Third party marketing
We will not share your personal data with any third party for marketing purposes.
Opting out
You can ask us to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by following the opt-out links on any marketing message sent to you OR by contacting us at any time. Where you opt out of receiving these marketing messages, this will not apply to personal data provided to us as a result of a product/service purchase, warranty registration, product/service experience or other transactions.
Our website uses cookies.  A cookie is a small text file which is stored on your device during your visit to our website. The period for which a cookie is stored varies depending on its use. Cookies enable some of our website’s core functionality, as well as providing anonymous usage data.
What cookies do we use?
We use google analytics (third party) cookies to see what web pages you have visited.  We use the information to compile reports to help us improve the site. These cookies collect information anonymously.
CookieDescriptionDuration_gatUsed to throttle request rate. If Google Analytics is deployed via Google Tag Manager, this cookie will be named _dc_gtm_<property-id>.1 minute_gidUsed to distinguish users.24 hours_gaUsed to distinguish users.2 years
Targeting
Where available we will connect IP addresses to businesses that they are registered to. We may use the information for sales and marketing purposes by using the Lead Forensics website tracking technology (trail period from 7 November 2018).
You can learn more about Lead Forensics here www.leadforensics.com/privacy-and-cookies
Cookie preferences
You can adjust your cookie preferences by changing your web browser’s settings to automatically reject the storage of cookies or to inform you when a website wants to store cookies on your device. Depending on the selected browser settings, some cookie-based website functionality may stop working and negatively impact your experience on our website.
Change of purpose
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If you wish to get an explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please contact us.
If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
Please note that we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law.
Disclosures of your personal data
We may share your personal data with the parties set out below for the purposes set out in the table above.
Mailchimp, an e-mail software service operated by The Rocket Science Group LLC based in the USAGoogle +1, a social networking service provided by Google Inc. Personal data will only be passed to Google if you are a member of, and logged in to Google +1 at the time of browsing our website. Google Inc is based in the USAGoogle Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc based in the USAGoogle Fonts, a text font storage service provided by Google Inc based in the USA
We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
International transfers
We share your personal data to certain entities based in the USA, as set out above. This will involve transferring your data outside the European Economic Area (EEA).
Whenever we transfer your personal data out of the EEA, we ensure a similar degree of protection is afforded to it by ensuring at least one of the following safeguards is implemented:
We will only transfer your personal data to countries that have been deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for personal data by the European Commission. For further details, see European Commission: Adequacy of the protection of personal data in non-EU countries.Where we use certain service providers, we may use specific contracts approved by the European Commission which give personal data the same protection it has in Europe. For further details, see European Commission: Model contracts for the transfer of personal data to third countries.Where we use providers based in the US, we may transfer data to them if they are part of the Privacy Shield which requires them to provide similar protection to personal data shared between Europe and the US. For further details, see European Commission: EU-US Privacy Shield.
Please contact us if you want further information on the specific mechanism used by us when transferring your personal data out of the EEA.
Data security
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
Data retention
How long will you use my personal data for?
We will only retain your personal data for as long as reasonably necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or reporting requirements. We may retain your personal data for a longer period in the event of a complaint or if we reasonably believe there is a prospect of litigation in respect to our relationship with you.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or other requirements.
In some circumstances we will anonymise your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes, in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
In some circumstances you can ask us to delete your data (see below):
Your legal rights
Under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data. Please see section 10 on exercising your rights.
You have the right to:
Request access to your personal data (commonly known as a “data subject access request”). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
Request correction of the personal data that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us.
Request erasure of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have successfully exercised your right to object to processing (see below), where we may have processed your information unlawfully or where we are required to erase your personal data to comply with local law. Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request.
Object to processing of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and freedoms.
Request restriction of processing of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in the following scenarios:
If you want us to establish the data’s accuracy.Where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it.Where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims.You have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.
Request the transfer of your personal data to you or to a third party. We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you.
Withdraw consent at any time where we are relying on consent to process your personal data. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.
Exercising your legal rights
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out below, please contact us.
No fee usually required
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we could refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
What we may need from you
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
Time limit to respond
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it could take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
This site uses cookies. By using the website, you agree to the use of cookies. This website also uses Google Analytics. Please click here if you do not want Analytics to track your browsing behavior.
Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.