https://www.sikich.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy Notice for Sikich LLP, Sikich Financial LLC, Sikich Capital Management LLC, Sikich Corporate Finance LLC and Sikich Insurance Group LLCEffective June 1, 2018Protecting your privacy is important to Sikich LLP (“Sikich”, “we”, “our”, or “us”). Please read our Privacy Policy below to learn how we treat information you provide us.Introduction:We want our users to always be aware of any information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.Website Administration:Business names:Sikich LLP and its subsidiariesAddress:1415 W. Diehl Road, Suite 400City/State/Province:Naperville, ILZIP:60563Country:USAPhone:630-566-8400Fax:630-566-8401Website URL:www.sikich.sikichdevelopment.comWebsite e-mail:info@sikich.comInformation Collection and Use:We respect each site visitor’s right to personal privacy. To that end, we collect and use information throughout our website (the “Website”) only as disclosed in this Privacy Policy. This statement applies solely to information collected on this Website.  Sikich may collect additional personal information from Website vistors from time to time through other forms on the Website, through e-mail communication.  Any additional information we may require is only requested to enable us to provide the most appropriate response to your request.   When visiting our Website, we may collect technical information on you that does not, by itself, identify you by name. This information may include your IP address, type of web browser, and Website usage activity and preferences.  We may use this technical data measure and improve the effectiveness of our Website, to help diagnose any problems with our servers, to administer the Website, to see where Website traffic patterns and to identify our Website users.. We do not currently, but reserve the right to, combine the data described above with any personal information.DisclosureSikich may disclose information to third parties under the following circumstances:As required by law through court order, subpoena, or other legal processIn a merger, acquisition or asset saleWhen requested by the Website visitorTo provide information to affiliates of Sikich and nonaffiliated third parties in conjunction with any requests or inquiries made by any Website visitorsTo provide data collected from our Website to third parties in connection with the distribution of information about Sikich, or our products or services, or promotional material.CookiesAs is the case with many websites, We use cookies to personalize content and to provide you with an improved user experience. By using this Website you consent to the deployment of cookies. You can control and manage cookies using your browser (see below).A “cookie” is a text file that allows our website to store tokens of information (an ‘identifier’) in your browser used only by our Website while you are using our Website. Cookies are not used to determine the personal identity of anyone who is merely visiting our Website.If you do not want to receive a cookie from this Website, you have the option of setting your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, so that you may determine whether to accept it or not. However, please note that removing or blocking cookies can impact your user experience on this Website and some functionality may no longer be available.  For more information on how to block or filter cookies, see http://www.aboutcookies.org/.The cookies used by this Website perform the following functions:Strictly Necessary Cookies – Cookies that are essential to the function of this Website such as accessing secure areas that may contain content for users and remembering your log-in details to certain parts this Website.Performance Cookies – Cookies that assist us with the performance and design of this Website, such as which pages you visit the most often, and if you get error messages from the Website.Functionality Cookies – Cookies that record information about the choices you have made and allow us to tailor this Website. These cookies help us to remember your selections, so on your return visit to this Website we can remember your preferences.Targeting Cookies – On certain pages of Our Site, we use cookies to help us understand your interests as you browse the internet, so we can tailor and deliver to you a more personalised service in the future. They assist us in delivering advertisements more relevant to you and your interests, helping us measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaign and understanding a user’s behavior after viewing an advertisement.We may combine data from publicly available sources, and from our different e-mail, website, and personal interactions with you (this includes information collected across our different websites such as our careers and corporate sites and information collected when you sign-up or log on to our sites or connect to our sites using your social media credentials (such as LinkedIn). We combine this data to better assess your experience with Sikich and to perform the other activities described throughout our privacy policy.By accessing this Website on your mobile device, your unique device identifier, and mobile device IP address, as well as information about your device’s operating system, mobile carrier, and your location information may be collected.If you have any questions now or during your visit, please submit your request through our Contact Us form.Accessing our WebsiteIn order to use this Website, visitors and/or members are not required to complete our registration form.   Note that here may be areas of the Website in which visitors and/or member must create a login and password to access or utilize certain areas of the Website or obtain certain information from the Website.Website SecurityAt Sikich, we employ generally accepted standards of technology to ensure the security of information of this Website. Sikich has in place various measures to protect your personal information against misuse, loss or unauthorized disclosure, including the use of secure socket layer (SSL) encryption technology.  However, the transmission of data over the Internet is inherently insecure; therefore, we cannot ensure the security of such systems.Links to Third-Party SitesThere may be instances throughout our Website where a link is provided to third-party websites. This Privacy Policy does not apply to third-party websites. We strongly recommend that you review the respective privacy policies for those third-party websites.Contact Us FormsThroughout our site there are contact forms that request information from the user. To submit one of these forms, a user must give certain contact information. We never sell or give away this information; it is only gathered to contact the user about services on our site for which s/he has expressed interest. It is optional for the user to provide demographic information (income level, gender, etc.), and unique identifiers (username, password, etc.). Giving additional information helps provide a more personalized experience on our Website, but is not required.MinorsThis Website is not specifically designed for, or directed at children 18 years of age or younger, and Sikich does not intentionally collect or maintain information about anyone under the age of 18.Newsletters and SurversWhen we publish a newsletter (e-zine), we never sell or share our subscribers’ e-mail addresses. When we operate online surveys, we never sell or share our subscribers’ e-mail addresses.Modifications:Sikich reserves the right to amend this Privacy Policy from time to time.  We will post any revised Privacy Policy on this site.Conflict Resolution:We are committed to resolving disputes within one week. If problems arise, users may contact us by email or telephone.Contact Information:If site users have any questions or suggestions regarding our Privacy Policy, please contact us at:Phone:630-566-8400Fax:630-566-8401Email:info@sikich.comPostal Address:1415 W. Diehl Road, Suite 400, Naperville, IL 605563Website URL:www.sikich.sikichdevelopment.com