https://www.hatchmuir.com/investor-privacy-policy/
Meet Hatch & Muir
Team
Approach
Planning Model
Product Placement
Working With Us
Code of Ethics
Account Access
Compensation
Data Security
Future Correspondence
Future Meetings
Other Services
Referrals
Financial Advice
Financial Planning
Retirement Planning
Estate Planning
Pensions
Educational Seminars
Severance & Retirement
Tax Planning
Investments
Investment Management
Plan Types
RRSP
RRIF
RESP
RDSP
TFSA
IPPs
Pension Plans
Group RRSPs
Products
Mutual Funds
GICs
Annuities
Segregated Funds
Portfolio Design
Portfolio Review
Your Risk Tolerance
Insurance
Risk Management
Insurance Products
Life Insurance
Disability Insurance
Critical Illness Insurance
Long Term Care Insurance
Health & Dental Benefits
Group Benefits
Insurance Review
Product Selection
Leverage
Lending Strategies
Mortgage Brokerage
Lines of Credit
RRSP Loans
Investment Loans
Debt Management
Resources
Recent News
H&M Financial Blog
Professional Network
Calculators
Choosing a Financial Planner
Worksheet for Choosing an Advisor
Government Organizations
Insurance Companies
Mutual Funds
Others
Associations
Unions
Careers
Contact Us
Client Login
Recent News
Collection, Use and Disclosure of Personal Information
The purpose for which Worldsource Financial Management Inc. (“Worldsource”) will collect, use and disclose your personal information is central to our providing you with our services. We believe that we cannot continue to provide you with those services if you object to our collecting, using and disclosing your information for those purposes. Worldsource will therefore consider that your continuing to maintain your account with us constitutes your consent to our continuing to collect, use and disclose your personal information as described above. In future, if Worldsource identifies a new purpose for collecting, using or disclosing your information, we will seek your consent before doing so.
The Necessity for Personal Information
Throughout the course of our relationship with you, Worldsource and your advisor (on our behalf) collect personal information from you. This information typically includes “know your client” information about your personal circumstances, including your financial situation and your investment objectives, as well as information about your investments, banking information and social insurance number.
Worldsource uses such personal information only for the purposes of administering your account with us (including but not limited to buying and selling mutual funds on your behalf, and reporting to you), and complying with legal and regulatory requirements.
Disclosing Personal Information
We may provide information to companies that perform services on our behalf (such as preparing and mailing statements or processing trades and payments). We may also provide personal information to mutual fund issuers in which you invest, and receive information from them about your investments.
Worldsource is a member of several self-regulatory organizations, such as the Mutual Fund Dealers Association of Canada, who may at times require access to personal information for regulatory purposes (such as trading surveillance, regulatory audits, investigation of potential violations, enforcement or disciplinary proceedings and regulatory reporting). Such organizations may in turn share such information with other self-regulatory organizations (such as the Ontario Securities Commission and other provincial regulatory bodies), stock exchanges and law enforcement agencies.
Worldsource does not disclose your information to any other organizations to use for their own purposes, and in particular never sells or trades your personal information.
Administering Personal Information
In representing us, your advisor is acting on our behalf. Many of our advisors are also licensed to sell other products, and may wish to provide advice and services to you in that capacity. If they do so, they are not acting on our behalf, and they will communicate with you themselves with respect to any other use or disclosure of the personal information they have collected on our behalf.
Quebec Residents
In the Province of Quebec, for the “object” of administering your account and complying with legal and regulatory requirements, Worldsource creates a file containing your personal information. Only those employees whose job functions involve matters related to the “object” of the file will have access to this information. If you wish to review or make changes to your file, you may do so by making a written request to 625 Cochrane Dr., Suite 700, Markham, Ontario, L3R 9R9.
Privacy Officer
If you have any comments, inquiries or complaints about our handling of your personal information, we encourage you to contact your advisor at his/her branch office. Alternatively, you may contact our Privacy Officer at:
Worldsource Financial Management Inc.
625 Cochrane Dr., Suite 700 Markham, Ontario L3R
9R9
Fax: (905) 415-0184
E-mail: Privacy@worldsourcewealth.com
Request More Information