http://www.hain.com/terms-of-use
IMPORTANT COVID-19 UPDATES
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Last Modified: March 1, 2014
WELCOME TO THIS HAIN CELESTIAL GROUP OPERATED WEBSITE!
Acceptance of the Terms of Use
The Hain Celestial Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, “Company”, “we” or “us”) strive to satisfy and delight our customers. We have created this site (the “Website”) to further our goal of providing you with the highest quality products and services. The following terms and conditions (together with any documents referred to in them) (collectively, these “Terms of Use”) apply to your use of this Website, including any content, functionality and services offered on or through this Website, whether as a guest or a registered user.
Please read the Terms of Use carefully before you start to use this Website. By using the Website, you accept and agree to be bound and abide by these Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy, found at Privacy Policy, incorporated here by reference. If you do not want to agree to these Terms of Use or the Privacy Policy, you must exit the Website.
Changes to the Terms of Use
We may revise and update these Terms of Use from time to time in our sole discretion. You are expected to check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes we made, as they are binding on you. All material changes will apply prospectively only. Any changes to the dispute resolution procedures set forth below in Governing Law and Jurisdiction shall not apply to any disputes for which the parties had actual notice as of date the change was posted on the Website Your continued use of the Website following the posting of revised Terms of Use means that you accept and agree to the changes.
Accessing the Website and Account Security
By using this Website, you represent and warrant that you are 18 years of age or older.
We reserve the right to withdraw or amend this Website, and any service or material we provide on the Website, in our sole discretion without notice. We will not be liable if for any reason all or any part of the Website is unavailable at any time or for any period. From time to time, we may restrict access to some parts of the Website, or the entire Website, to users, including registered users.
You are responsible for making all arrangements necessary for you to have access to the Website.
You are responsible for ensuring that all persons who access the Website through your internet connection are aware of these Terms of Use, and that they comply with them.
To access the Website or some of the resources it offers, you may be asked to provide certain registration details or other information. It is a condition of your use of the Website that all the information you provide on the Website is correct, current and complete.
If you choose, or you are provided with, a user name, password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential, and you must not disclose it to any third party. You agree to immediately notify Company of any unauthorized use of your user name or password or any other breach of security. You also agree to ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session. You should use particular caution when accessing your account from a public or shared computer so that others are not able to view or record your password or other personal information.
We have the right to disable any user name, identification code or password, whether chosen by you or provided by us, at any time in our sole discretion for any or no reason, including, if in our opinion, you have failed to comply with any provision of these Terms of Use.
Intellectual Property Rights
The Website and its entire contents, features and functionality (including but not limited to all information, software, text, displays, images, video and audio, and the design, selection and arrangement thereof), are owned by the Company, its licensors or other providers of such material and are protected by United States and international copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret and other intellectual property or proprietary rights laws.
You are permitted to use the Website for your personal, non-commercial use only or legitimate business purposes related to your role as a current or prospective customer, supplier or distributor of the Company. You must not copy, modify, create derivative works of, publicly display, publicly perform, republish, download, store or transmit any of the material on our Website, except to:
Store copies of such materials temporarily in RAM.
Store files that are automatically cached by your Web browser for display enhancement purposes.
Print a reasonable number of pages of the Website for a permitted use.
You must not:
Modify copies of any materials from this Website.
Use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or any graphics separately from the accompanying text.
Delete or alter any copyright, trademark or other proprietary rights notices from copies of materials from this Website.
You must not reproduce, sell or exploit for any commercial purposes any part of the Website, access the Website or use the Website or any services or materials available through the Website.
If you print, copy, modify, download or otherwise use any part of the Website in breach of the Terms of Use, your right to use the Website will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made. No right, title or interest in or to the Website or any content on the Website is transferred to you, and all rights not expressly granted are reserved by the Company. Any use of the Website not expressly permitted by these Terms of Use is a breach of these Terms of Use and may violate copyright, trademark and other laws.
Company Trademarks and Copyrights
This Website is owned and operated by the Company and, unless otherwise noted, the Company owns the copyright in all materials provided herein. All trademarks, related names, related brand dress, logos, emblems, symbols product and service names, designs and slogans, and all combinations, forms and derivations thereof as are currently or hereafter used by the Company, whether or not such marks are currently registered, are trademarks of the Company unless otherwise noted. You must not copy, reproduce, republish, upload, post, transmit, distribute or use any material from this Website without the prior written permission of the Company. You may not use any logo of the Company as a “hot” link to any other website unless the establishment of such link is approved by the Company in advance and in writing. Nothing is this Agreement should be construed as granting, whether by implication, estoppel or otherwise, any license or right to use any trademarks displayed on the Website without the express written permission of the Company or the trademark owner.
Prohibited Uses
You may use the Website only for lawful purposes and in accordance with these Terms of Use. You agree not to use the Website:
In any way that violates any applicable federal, state, local and international law or regulation (including, without limitation, any laws regarding the export of data or software to and from the US or other countries).
For the purpose of exploiting, harming or attempting to exploit or harm minors in any way by exposing them to inappropriate content, asking for personally identifiable information or otherwise.
To send, knowingly receive, upload, download, use or re-use any material which does not comply with the Content Standards set out in these Terms.
To transmit, or procure the sending of, any advertising or promotional material, including any “junk mail”, “chain letter” or “spam” or any other similar solicitation.
To impersonate or attempt to impersonate the Company or a Company employee, another user, or person or entity (including, without limitation, the use of e-mail addresses or user names associated with any of the foregoing).
To engage in any other conduct that restricts or inhibits anyone’s use or enjoyment of the Website, or which, as determined by us, may harm the Company or users of the Website or expose them to liability.
Additionally, you agree not to:
Use the Website in any manner that could disable, overburden, damage, or impair the Website or interfere with any other party’s use of the Website, including their ability to engage in real time activities through the Website.
Use any robot, spider or other automatic device, process or means to access the Website for any purpose, including to monitor or copy any of the material on the Website.
Use any manual process to monitor or copy any of the material on the Website or for any other unauthorized purpose without our prior written consent.
Use any device, software or routine that interferes with the proper working of the Website.
Introduce any viruses, trojan horses, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful.
Attempt to gain unauthorized access to, interfere with, damage or disrupt any parts of the Website, the server on which the Website is stored, or any server, computer or database connected to the Website.
Attack the Website via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of-service attack.
Otherwise attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Website.
User Contributions
The Website may contain message boards, chat rooms, personal web pages or profiles, forums, bulletin boards, blogs, and other interactive features (collectively, “Interactive Services”) that allow you to post, submit, publish, display or transmit to other users (hereinafter, “post”) content or materials, including, without limitation, comments, opinions, suggestions, text, stories, statements, likenesses, video and audio recordings or photographs and all derivative works, adaptations or variations thereof (collectively, “User Contributions”) on or through the Website.
All User Contributions must comply with the Content Standards set out in these Terms. Any User Contribution you post to the Website will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary and you hereby unconditionally grant to the Company a worldwide, non-exclusive, transferable, royalty free, perpetual irrevocable right and license to use, copy, distribute and disclose to third parties any such material for any purpose.
You represent and warrant that you own or control all rights in and to the User Contributions and have the right to grant the Company and its affiliates the license granted above.
You represent and warrant that all of your User Contributions do and will comply with these Terms of Use, and you agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless the Company and its affiliates and licensors for any breach of that representation and warranty. All User Contributions that do not comply with these Terms of Use and Content Standards may be expelled from and refused access to the Interactive Services going forward. The Company or its designated agents reserves the right to remove or alter any User Contribution at any time for any reason or no reason.
You understand and acknowledge that you are responsible for any User Contributions you submit or contribute, and you, not the Company, have fully responsibility for such content, including its legality, reliability, accuracy and appropriateness.
Any content and/or opinions uploaded, expressed or submitted to the Website, and all articles and responses to questions and other content, other than the content provided by the Company, are solely the opinions and the responsibility of the person or entity submitting them and do not necessarily reflect the opinion of the Company. We are not responsible, or liable to any third party, for the content or accuracy of any materials posted by you or any other user of the Website. If you believe that any User Contributions violate your copyright, please see our Copyright Policy for instructions on sending us a notice of copyright infringement. It is the policy of the Company to terminate the user accounts of repeat infringers.
Monitoring and Enforcement; Termination
We have the right to:
Remove or refuse to post any User Contributions for any or no reason in our sole discretion.
Take any action with respect to any User Contribution that we deem necessary or appropriate in our sole discretion if we believe that such User Contribution violates the Terms of Use, including the Content Standards, infringes any intellectual property right or other right, threatens the personal safety of users of the Website and the public or could create liability for the Company.
Disclose your identity to any third party who claims that material posted by you violates their rights, including their intellectual property rights or their right to privacy.
Take appropriate legal action, including without limitation, referral to law enforcement, for any illegal or unauthorized use of the Website.
Terminate your access to all or part of the Website for any or no reason, including without limitation, any violation of these Terms of Use.
Without limiting the foregoing, we have the right to fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing us to disclose the identity of anyone posting any materials on or through the Website. YOU WAIVE AND HOLD HARMLESS THE COMPANY FROM ANY CLAIMS RESULTING FROM ANY ACTION TAKEN BY THE COMPANY DURING OR AS A RESULT OF ITS INVESTIGATIONS AND FROM ANY ACTIONS TAKEN AS A CONSEQUENCE OF INVESTIGATIONS BY EITHER THE COMPANY OR LAW ENFORCEMENT AUTHORITIES.
However, we cannot undertake to review all material before it is posted on the Website, and cannot ensure prompt removal of objectionable material after it has been posted. Accordingly, we assume no liability for any action or inaction regarding transmissions, communications or content provided by any user or third party. We have no liability or responsibility to anyone for performance or nonperformance of the activities described in this paragraph.
Content Standards
These content standards apply to any and all User Contributions and Interactive Services. User Contributions must in their entirety comply with all applicable federal, state, local and international laws and regulations. Without limiting the foregoing, User Contributions must not:
Contain any material which is defamatory, obscene, indecent, abusive, threatening, degrading, offensive, harassing, intimidating, violent, hateful, inflammatory or otherwise objectionable.
Promote sexually explicit or pornographic material, violence, or discrimination based on race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation or age.
Infringe any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other intellectual property rights of any other person.
Violate the legal rights (including the rights of publicity and privacy) of others or contain any material that could give rise to any civil or criminal liability under applicable laws or regulations or that otherwise may be in conflict with these Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
Be likely to deceive any person.
Promote any illegal activity, or advocate, promote or assist any unlawful act.
Cause annoyance, inconvenience or needless anxiety or be likely to upset, embarrass, alarm or annoy any other person.
Be used to impersonate any person, or to misrepresent your identity or affiliation with any person or organization.
Involve commercial activities or sales, such as contests, sweepstakes and other sales promotions, barter or advertising.
Give the impression that they emanate from us or any other person or entity, if this is not the case.
Reliance on Information Posted
The information presented on or through the Website is made available solely for general information purposes. We do not warrant the accuracy, completeness or usefulness of this information. Any reliance you place on such information is strictly at your own risk. We disclaim all liability and responsibility arising from any reliance placed on such materials by you or any other visitor to the Website, or by anyone who may be informed of any of its contents.
Changes to the Website
We may update the Website from time to time, but its content is not necessarily complete or up-to-date. Any of the material on the Website may be out of date at any given time, and we are under no obligation to update such material. We may change the Website at any time with or without notice. We may suspend access to the Website, or close it indefinitely.
Information About You and Your Visits to the Website
All information we collect on this Website is subject to our Privacy Policy. By using the Website, you consent to all actions taken by us with respect to your information in compliance with the Privacy Policy. You represent and warrant that all data provided by you is accurate.
Linking to the Website
You may link to our homepage, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it, but you must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists.
You must not establish a link from any website that is not owned by you.
The Website must not be framed on any other site, nor may you create a link to any part of the Website other than the homepage.
You agree to cooperate with us in causing any unauthorized framing or linking immediately to cease. We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice.
Links from the Website
If the Website contains links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your convenience only. This includes links contained in advertisements, including banner advertisements and sponsored links. We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources, and accept no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them. If you decide to access any of the third party websites linked to this Website, you do so entirely at your own risk and subject to the terms and conditions of use for such websites.
Geographic Restrictions
The owner of the Website is based in the state of New York in the United States. We provide this Website for use only by persons located in the United States. We make no claims that the Website or any of its content is accessible or appropriate outside of the United States. Access to the Website may not be legal by certain persons or in certain countries. If you access the Website from outside the United States, you do so on your own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws.
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
Certain statements on this Website constitute “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause the actual results. levels of activity, performance or achievements of the Company to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievement expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. As a result of the foregoing and other factors, no assurance can be given as to future results, levels of activity and achievements and neither the Company nor any person assumes responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of these statements.
Securities of The Hain Celestial Group, Inc.
We are not providing investment advice through this Website, and the material on this Website does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy in any state or other U.S. or non-U.S. jurisdiction, any securities of the Company. If you use any material on this Website in determining whether to purchase or sell securities of the Company, please be aware that the Company’s past performance is not indicative of future success. Potential investors should consult with their own legal, financial and tax advisers prior to investing in the Company.
Disclaimer of Warranties
You understand that we cannot and do not guarantee or warrant that files available for downloading from the internet or the Website will be free of viruses or other destructive code. You are responsible for implementing sufficient procedures and checkpoints to satisfy your particular requirements for anti-virus protection and accuracy of data input and output, and for maintaining a means external to our Website for any reconstruction of any lost data. We will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a distributed denial-of-service attack, viruses or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of the website or any services or items obtained through the website or to your downloading of any material posted on it, or on any website linked to it.
Your use of the website, its content and any services or items obtained through the website is at your own risk. the website, its content and any services or items obtained through the website are provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis, without any warranties of any kind, either express or implied. neither the company nor any person associated with the company makes any warranty or representation with respect to the completeness, security, reliability, quality, accuracy or availability of the website. without limiting the foregoing, neither the company nor anyone associated with the company represents or warrants that the Website, Its content or any services or items obtained through the website will be accurate, reliable, error-free or uninterrupted, that defects will be corrected, that our website or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or other harmful components or that the website or any services or items obtained through the website will otherwise meet your needs or expectations.
ALL MATERIALS ON THIS WEBSITE RELATING TO NUTRITION, HEALTH AND LIFESTYLE ARE PROVIDED SOLELY FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES AND ARE NOT INTENDED TO PROVIDE ANY NUTRITIONAL OR MEDICAL ADVICE. WHILE WE WORK TO ENSURE THAT THE WEBSITE AND ITS CONTENT ARE ACCURATE, YOU SHOULD NOT RELY ON ANY INFORMATION PRESENTED AND YOU SHOULD ALWAYS READ LABELS, WARNINGS AND DIRECTIONS BEFORE USING OR CONSUMING ANY OF OUR PRODUCTS.
The company hereby disclaims all warranties of any kind, either express or implied, statutory or otherwise, including but not limited to any warranties of merchantability, non-infringement and fitness for particular purpose.
The foregoing does not affect any warranties which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.
Limitation on Liability
In no event will the company, its affiliates or their licensors, service providers, employees, agents, officers or directors be liable for damages of any kind, under any legal theory, arising out of or in connection with your use, or inability to use, the website, any websites linked to it, any content on the website or such other websites or any services or items obtained through the website or such other websites, including any direct, indirect, special, incidental, consequential or punitive damages, including but not limited to, personal injury, pain and suffering, emotional distress, loss of revenue, loss of profits, loss of business or anticipated savings, loss of use, loss of goodwill, loss of data, and whether caused by tort (including negligence), breach of contract or otherwise, even if foreseeable.
The foregoing does not affect any liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.
Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless the Company, its affiliates and licensors and their respective officers, directors, employees, contractors, agents, licensors and suppliers from and against any claims, liabilities, damages, judgments, awards, losses, costs, expenses or fees (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) resulting from your violation of these Terms of Use or your use of the Website, including, without limitation, any use of the Website’s content, services and products other than as expressly authorized in these Terms of Use or your use of any information obtained from the Website.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
These Terms of Use and any dispute or claim arising out of, or related to, them, their subject matter or their formation (in each case, including non-contractual disputes or claims) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of New York or any other jurisdiction).
Any legal suit, action or proceeding arising out of, or related to, these Terms of Use or the Website shall be instituted exclusively in the federal courts of the United States or the courts of the State of New York in each case located in the County of Suffolk, although we retain the right to bring any suit, action or proceeding against you for breach of these Terms of Use in your country of residence or any other relevant country. You agree to waive any and all objections to the exercise of jurisdiction over you by such courts and to venue in such courts.
Limitation on Time to File Claims
Any cause of action or claim you may have arising out of or relating to these terms of use or the website must be commenced within one (1) year after the cause of action accrues, otherwise, such cause of action or claim is permanently barred.
Waiver and Severability
No waiver of these Terms of Use by the Company shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or condition or any other term or condition, and any failure of the Company to assert a right or provision under these Terms of Use shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
If any provision of these Terms of Use is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall be eliminated or limited to the minimum extent such that the remaining provisions of the Terms of Use will continue in full force and effect.
Entire Agreement
The Terms of Use, our Privacy Policy and Terms of Sale constitute the sole and entire agreement between you and the Company with respect to the Website and supersede all prior and contemporaneous understandings, agreements, representations and warranties, both written and oral, with respect to the Website.
Your Comments and Concerns
This website is operated by:
The Hain Celestial Group, Inc.
1111 Marcus Avenue
Lake Success, New York 11042
All notices of copyright infringement claims should be directed to:
The Hain Celestial Group, Inc.
Lake Success, New York 11042
ATTENTION: LEGAL DEPARTMENT
All other feedback, comments, requests for technical support and other communications relating to the Website should be directed to: webmaster@hain-celestial.com
Thank you for visiting the Website.
Company
Who We Are
Global Footprint
History
Brands
Our Categories
Investor Relations
Careers
Find Your Career
Our Departments
Comprehensive Benefits
Equal Employment Opportunity
Find a Retailer
Find a Retailer
Search
Search
WorldWide Sites
USA
Canada
United Kingdom
Europe