https://www.mdh-uk.co.uk/about-us/cookie-policy/
01280 845530
info@mdh-uk.co.uk
Quote web10 for 10% off first order
About
Panic or Lone Working Alarm System Upgrade FAQS
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Alarm Products
Sectors
Latest News
Contact
Home › About Us › Cookie Policy
Cookie Policy
Cookie Policy
Our website uses various types of cookies – see the table below.
A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers at we put on your computer if you agree. These cookies allow us to distinguish you from other users of the website which helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our site.
Cookies fall into 4 main types:
1.     Necessary Cookies: These cookies are essential for operation of the website. They don’t collect any personal information about you. They may include, for example, logging into secure areas of the website or using e-billing services.
2.     Analytical Cookies: These cookies allow us to monitor the behavioural activity of our users. They don’t collect any personal information about you.  We use these cookies to help us to improve the way our website works for you. Types of information they collect include, for example how many visitors to the website or which pages they had come from previously.
3.     Functionality Cookies: These cookies allow us to personalise your experience and recognise when our users on return to our website. They may provide services which include, for example, choice of layout.
4.     Targeting Cookies: These cookies record a user’s visit to a website, the individual pages visited and links followed. These cookies may be set by a third party and may be used to target users for online advertising.
If you are uncomfortable with the use of cookies, you can manage and control them through your browser, including removing cookies by deleting them from your ‘browser history’ (cache) when you leave the site.
The following table explains the way in which we use cookies on this website:
Cookie
Name
Purpose
Type
Duration
Google Analytics
_ga and _gat
Google Analytics’ cookies collect anonymous information about users and how they use our website. Typical information it collects would include how many visitors we get to the website and how long visitors stay on our website.
AnalyticalFirst Party Persistent
-ga 2 years from set/update_gat 24 hrs from set / update
Google Dynamic Remarketing
Tracking URL
https://googleads.g.doubleclick.net/pagead/viewthroughconversion/989150764/?value=0&amp;guid=ON&amp;script=0
AdWords Remarketing is a Remarketing and Behavioural Targeting service provided by Google. It connects the activity of goreport.com with the AdWords advertising network and the Doubleclick Cookie
Targeting Third party
Varies. More Information on Adwords for Google
Twitter Advertising
Tracking URL
http://platform.twitter.com/oct.js
We use this cookie to understand our return on advertising spend by tracking the actions users take after viewing or engaging with our Twitter Ads campaigns.
Analytica
More Information on Twitter Advanced conversion tracking
Twitter
id
Created after web shares via the web intents api.
Third party session
24 months
LinkedIn
LinkedIn insight tag
The LinkedIn Insight Tag enables the collection of metadata such as IP address information, timestamp, and events (e.g. page views). All data is encrypted. The LinkedIn browser cookie is stored in a user’s browser until a user deletes the cookie or the cookie expires (there’s a rolling six-month expiration from the last time the user’s browser loaded the Insight Tag). Users have full control to block or delete cookies.
Third Party Persistent
6 months
Sometimes, third parties manage some of our cookies, but we don’t allow the third party to use the cookies for any purpose other than those listed above.
Types of cookie:
‘Session’ cookies remain in your browser during your browser session only, ie until you leave the website.
‘Persistent’ cookies remain in your browser after the session (unless deleted by you).
‘Performance’ cookies collect information about your use of the website, such as webpages visited and any error messages; they do not collect personally identifiable information, and the information collected is aggregated such that it is anonymous.  Performance cookies are used to improve how a website works.
‘Functionality’ cookies allow the website to remember any choices you make about the website (such as changes to text size, customised pages) or enable services such as commenting on a blog.
First Party Cookies:
As you can see from above table we use Google Analytics cookies is a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. Google Analytics sets cookies in order to allow us to evaluate and report on the use of our website. It is widely used across the web and all data is anonymised meaning the cookies carry no personally identifiable information. These cookies help us to understand our visitor’s behaviour and allow us to make improvements to better our user’s experience. Click here for more information on Google Analytics cookies
Third Party (Other Site’s) Cookies:
In addition, use also use third party cookies. The following sites may set their own cookies whilst browsing our site: Twitter, LinkedIn, Google.
These cookies will generally only be set if you are signed in to (or have been signed into) a matching account and are generally linked to the use of the Social Media ‘like’ buttons embedded on our site and many others throughout the web. The use of these cookies is likely to have been detailed in each of the platform’s Terms and Conditions or Privacy Policies. See links below:
Twitter Privacy Policy
LinkedIn Privacy Policy
Google+ Privacy Policy
We also make use of the AdWords remarketing functionality. This allows us to retarget our website visitors them with display advertising. In order to do this, we make use of AdWords remarketing tags Google uses Remarketing cookies – both first party (such as Google Analytics) and third party (such as DoubleClick) – to serve more relevant adverts to users who have previously visited our website, as they browse other websites. To opt-out from Google’s remarketing program, please edit your Google Ad Settings.
We also use Google’s cookie for conversion tracking purposes, to track the performance of our own AdWords campaigns. If you visit certain pages on our website within 30 days of clicking on one of our ads, Google will be able to tell that your visit was a result of a click on one of these ads. If you’d like to know more about how Google handles information gathered from the use of cookies, please read their privacy policy here: Google Privacy Policy
Browse product rangeLeisure Alarms
News
MHD Wireless
Sector
Product range
Browse product range
Contact Us
t: 01280 845530
f: 01280 706900
e: info@mdh-uk.co.uk
MDH Wireless Technologies
Unit B, Nigel Court
Buckingham Road Industrial Estate
Brackley
Northants
NN13 7LF
Alarm Products
Lone Worker Alarm
Panic Alarm
Pool Alarm
Leisure Centre Alarm
Alarm Support
Warranty Information
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Follow
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Necessary
Always Enabled
Home
About Us
Alarm Products
Sectors
Latest News
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Contact Us