http://www.datapointlabs.com/policies
Toggle navigation
HOME (current)
WHAT WE DO
Expert Material Testing
Industries Served
Automotive
Aerospace and Defence
Biomedical
Building Materials
Consumer Products
Energy and Petroleum
Food
Material Suppliers
Request a Quote
Live Chat
How to Use TestCart
Test Catalog
Testcart
All Tests
Density Tests
Rheology Tests
Thermal Tests
Mechanical Tests
Other Tests
Sample Preparation
CAETestBench
Validation
Software
Matereality
eLim
Picsci
TestPaks for CAE
All TestPaks
Abaqus Unified FEA
Altair Inspire Extrude
Altair Radioss
ANSYS
Autodesk Inventor
B-Sim
Cadmould
CMOLD
Digimat
LS-DYNA
Moldex3D
Moldflow
MSC.DYTRAN
MSC.MARC
MSC.NASTRAN
Altair Multiscale Designer
NX Nastran
PAM-COMFORT
PAM-CRASH
PAM-FORM
Polycad
POLYFLOW Blow Molding
POLYFLOW Extrusion
POLYFLOW Thermoforming
PolyXtrue
SIGMASOFT
Simpoe-Mold
SolidWorks Simulation
T-Sim
Universal Crash
Universal Molding
Universal Structural
VEL
VISI Flow
WinTXS
Your TestPaks
Search
ASTM
ISO
Keyword
TestID
Search
ABOUT US
Contact
About DatapointLabs
Policies
Partners
Test Facilities
A2LA Accreditation
LOGIN/REGISTER
DatapointLabs
REGISTER
LOGIN
Policies
Testing Policy
The DatapointLabs e-commerce pricing engine is able to provide instant quotes for all the standard tests performed by the laboratory. You can prepare your own quotes or our sales staff can assist you with this process. The pricing is considered to be firm for a period of one month.
Upon confirmation, your Order represents the official description of the testing that you require. Please check the details carefully in your Order. We will not accept responsibility for instructions submitted by other means. DatapointLabs will perform the measurements you request in conformance with relevant standards (ISO, ASTM, UL, etc.) and industry specifications.
Prepared reports include test conditions, tabulated results, plots, and data analysis as specified for each test in the Data section of the test catalog. Additional deliverables can be requested at the time of order placement. Some of these may incur additional cost.
Our testing clock starts at 10:30 on the day all of the following are received:
Correctly labeled, ‘ready to test’ material samples
An Order Form containing all test conditions and information needed to conduct the testing and perform data analysis required.
Material Identification and Material Safety Data Sheets (MSDS)
Written confirmation to proceed with testing, Purchase Order, or Credit Card
Because of the wide variety of materials that we test, there are exceptional situations where unanticipated complexity of the test and material combination create a situation where we have to devote an extraordinary amount of time and effort to provide satisfactory results. Such situations become clear when your samples arrive in-house and are inspected prior to the start of testing. If we feel that the processing of your order requires extraordinary effort, we reserve the right to revise the delivery date and /or the price for your order and will notify you prior to accepting the job into our system. You may cancel your order without penalty if you do not wish to proceed with the work at the revised schedule/price.
We will make every attempt to accommodate changes made to the testing program while testing is in progress, including requests for additional deliverables. Note that this can result in additional cost and can affect your delivery date.
Samples Policy
Each test requires a specific type of test specimen. In many cases, test specimens are delivered to us exactly as required. Situations arise, however, where we need to do additional work to convert the supplied sample into test specimens. Such processes may include machining, molding, grinding or coating, to name a few. These operations are usually performed in-house but in complex cases, may need specialized external facilities. In prior discussions with you, we will know what operations are needed and will add charges for specimen preparation in your quotation, if necessary.
In rare cases, we will not know until your samples arrive at our facilities. In such unanticipated circumstances, it may be necessary to revise the quotation to reflect the additional work. Also, sample preparation operations involve additional time, particularly if external contractors are involved; this may lead to a revised delivery time.
Hazardous Material Declaration Policy
Potentially hazardous materials for testing must be declared to our laboratory during the ordering process.
It is our policy to require a Material Safety Data Sheet (MSDS) for each material to be tested and any by-product produced during their testing. It is imperative for the safety of our technicians and the continued operability of our lab for you to notify us of the nature and potential hazards of the materials to be tested.
In addition, DatapointLabs does not ship hazardous materials; therefore it is the responsibility of the client to make shipping arrangements for the return or disposal of hazardous materials.
Sub Contracting Policy
Datapointlabs.com e-catalog contains a small number of tests that are not performed by our laboratory but are subcontracted to other laboratories that we feel have a quality standard comparable with our own. We do this as a convenience to you, to provide a more unified shopping experience. Wherever possible, we use ISO 17025 certified laboratories. While we have an established relationship with our subcontractors, we do not accept responsibility for the outcome or delivery of these tests. Despite our best efforts, sub contractors may also change prices without notice. Upon receipt of an order into our system that includes sub contracted tests, we will immediately contact the sub contractor to confirm prices and delivery and inform you of any changes. Please note that our standard delivery policy does not apply to sub-contracted tests.
Electronic Data Policy
Because of security concerns with e-mail attachments and growing obsolescence of data diskettes, DatapointLabs has ceased to routinely deliver electronic data by these methods. DatapointLabs now direct deposits all your material testing deliverables into your secure Matereality database: measured property data in TrueDigital™ format; test reports in PDF format; and any CAE-ready material cards that were created for you.
Confidentiality Policy
All material data tested by DatapointLabs is the sole property of the client and is kept confidential unless directed otherwise by the client.
For your protection, requests for delivery of data to additional recipients must be made in writing. You can use the Matereality software to securely share your test results with your colleagues and collaborators.
Delivery Policy
Material testing and data delivery to our clients will be completed in as timely a manner as possible to ensure the reliability and accuracy that you have come to expect. You can check the status of your order(s) at any time by logging into your account at datapointlabs.com. You can choose from:
Standard – results shipped within 5 business days.
Priority– results shipped within 2 business days– GUARANTEED*.
Economy– results shipped within 15 business days.
*GUARANTEED:
If guaranteed delivery is not met, the pricing of your testing order will be reduced to our 5 business day Standard price schedule for the same testing. Delivery cannot be guaranteed under unavoidable circumstances, i.e. power outages, mechanical failure, courier service disruption, Acts of God, or if you change the testing program while testing is in progress.
DatapointLabs will notify you under such circumstances and provide a new projected delivery date.
Exceptions: Delivery times for the following types of testing are approximate and may change based on uncontrollable factors.
DatapointLabs will provide only an estimated delivery date.
Testing that extends beyond one week, such as long term fatigue, creep
Testing for which sample conditioning is longer than the delivery time
Large jobs with multiple materials beyond what can be tested in a timely manner.
Custom testing where methodology and development effort is involved
Retesting required from observed data drifts due to material instability or molding variations; client will be notified.
Testing involving extraordinary sample preparation, or sub contracting; also refer to the Samples and Sub Contracting Policies
Shipping Policy
Payment information in the form of purchase order or credit card is needed prior to shipment of results.
DatapointLabs ships test results by the following methods:
Matereality Direct Deposit
Next Business Day
FedEx-UPS-DHL
Next Business Day
FedEx International
Per FedEx Delivery Terms
Standard Mail
3 to 5 Business Days
Collect
Customer Shipping Account # per your instructions
E-Mail
by customer request only
Customer Pick Up
by customer request
Delivery of test results to additional recipients will be accommodated as far as possible, but the delivery deadline is only guaranteed for the primary recipient (who places the order).
Payment Policy
DatapointLabs accepts payment by major credit card or purchase order. Payment, payable in US funds, is due upon completion of services. If payment is by credit card, it will be charged upon delivery of test results.
For payments by purchase order, invoices are mailed to the billing address provided by the client. It is the responsibility of the client to ensure that the billing information is correct and that the payment is processed expediently.
For the convenience of our clients paying by purchase order, we accept payment terms of net-30 days at no charge. Extended payment terms beyond 30 days can be made available at 1.5% per month, up to a maximum of 90 days. Copies of invoices are available 24/7 by logging on to www.datapointlabs.com.
Privacy Policy
When you register at our websites, you share certain information with us. This Privacy Policy outlines what data we collect, how we store it and what we do with it.
We collect simple information such as your address and telephone numbers, but also take note of your technical interests, other relevant information you would like us to know, and what you may have ordered with us in the past. We do not store credit card information or social security numbers on our websites. Access to our information hosting servers is password protected and is also encrypted using SSL.
We use this information to guide your user experience and introduce you to offerings that match your interests and needs. We will periodically mail or e-mail you information related to your interests. You can opt out of receiving e-mails at registration or by contacting us at any time.
Our staff has access to information we collect from all our services to maintain, protect and improve them. Our employees are trained on the importance of information security to help avoid improper use of your information. We restrict access to your information to our employees, contractors and agents who need to know that information in order to process it for us, and who are subject to contractual confidentiality obligations.
All data generated at DatapointLabs is held private, and owned by the company of the individual requesting our services. Please see our Confidentiality Policy.
We will ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose other than those that are set out in this Privacy Policy. We do not share your information to anyone outside DatapointLabs and its affiliates who may wish to market their services or products to you. We do not share your information with companies, organizations and individuals outside of DatapointLabs and its affiliates unless one of the following circumstances applies:
With your consent, we will share your information with individuals outside DatapointLabs and its affiliates when we have your consent to do so, if they have been copied in communications with us, or if they have been identified as collaborators/recipients of data.
For legal reasons, we will share information if required to meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request, to enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations, detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of DatapointLabs and its affiliates, or our users, as required or permitted by law.
Our Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by DatapointLabs and its affiliates. Our Privacy Policy does not apply to services offered by other companies or individuals with which we may sub-contract.
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We will post any privacy policy changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will provide a notification (e-mail).