https://www.iinet.net.au/about/legal
History
Awards
Careers
Media Centre
Sponsorships
Community
Legal
Legal
For easy reference, we've put all our agreements, policies, processes and contract information in one place.
Customer Relationship Agreement
Our CRA contains all the terms & conditions between iiNet and it's customers; everything you need to know about our plans, general terms, service distruptions and pricing schedules.
Learn more
Customer Service Guarantee
The Customer Service Guarantee describes the minimum performance standard when provisioning or repairing a fixed line telephone service.
Learn more
Critical Information Summaries
Our Critical Information Summary archive includes information for our current products & services, as well as historical information dating back to 1 September 2012.
Learn more
Mass Service Disruptions
iiNet is committed to delivering the best service possible, however there are some circumstances beyond our control. These circumstances may change how the Customer Service Guarantee is applies.
This document explains those circumstances in more detail.
Website Terms of Use
iiNet provides this website as part of its overall service to you. By accessing or using any of the content, information, data, text, graphics, photographs and other materials ("Material") on this website you
agree to these Terms of Use. If you do not agree, you should not use this website.
Data Retention Policy
iiNet takes your privacy seriously and we will only retain customer data in line with legitimate law enforcement, billing, and customer service obligations.
Statutory Declaration
A copy of a stat dec is required in instances where a closure or change to an account needs to be made by a person other than the legal lessee of the service.
General Equipment Warranty
The General Equipment Warranty contains terms and conditions relating warranty claims for hardware purchased through iiNet. The document also contains information relating to Early Life Failure or Warranty claims for Mobile Handsets.
Hotspot End User Agreement
Our hotspot services are provided to give you access to the internet while you're out and about. By using those services, you agree to the terms and conditions outlined in this agreement.
Content Filtering
Regulatory Bodies
IP Disclaimer
TCP Code Information
Illegal or Restricted Content
Privacy Statement
About Copyright
Compliance and Regulations
Law Enforcement Agencies
Corporate
About Us
Awards
History
Careers
Media & Press
Legal Stuff
For your home
For your business
Home |
Sitemap |
Customer Charter |
Make a Complaint |
Privacy Statement
Home |
Sitemap |
Customer Charter |
Make a Complaint |
Privacy Statement
2020 © iiNet Limited. ACN 068 628 937.
BACK TO TOP