http://www.vividsigns.co.uk/privacy-policy
Home
Products & Services
Outdoor Signs
Indoor Signs
Window Graphics
Poster Case
Stickers & Labels
Exhibition Stands
Banner Stands
Pop Up Stands
Outdoor Displays
PVC Banners
Banner Frames
Banner Poles
Pavement Signs
Pavement Swingers
Swing Signs
Forecourt Signs
A Boards
Vehicle Graphics
Vehicle Magnetics
Sign Lighting
Pictorial Lights
LED Lighting
Health and Safety Signs
Warning Signs
Mandatory Signs
Prohibition Signs
Fire Signs
Site Safety Signs
Safety Signs
Sign Ideas
Estate Agents
Hospitals
Pubs & Hotels
Office Signs
Religion
Restaurants
Retail
Schools
Shop Signs
Special Events
Transportation
Contact Us
Login
Remember Me
Forgot your password?
Forgot your username?
Privacy Policy – Vivid Signs Limited
This privacy policy sets out how Vivid Signs Limited uses and protects any information that
you give Vivid Signs Limited when you use this website.
Vivid Signs Limited is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. Vivid Signs Limited may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This
policy is effective from [date].
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
Name and job title
Contact information including your email
Demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
Other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping
We may use the information to improve our products and services
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
Whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at
This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to Vivid Signs Ltd 8 The Drove, West Wilts trading Estate, Westbury, Wiltshire, BA13 4JE.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above Vivid Signs Ltd 8 The Drove, West Wilts trading Estate, Westbury, Wiltshire, BA13 4JE. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Client Testimonial
Help Centre
Client TestimonialsArtwork GuidelinesCopyright InformationTerms & ConditionsPrivacy PolicySite Map
Vivid Signs
Where...
Vivid Signs 8 The Drove West Wilts Trading Estate Westbury
Find Us
Wiltshire BA13 4JE
When...
Monday / Friday 09:00 - 17:30
How...
Contact Us
Tel: 01373 825503 Fax: 01373 825505 Mail: info@vividsigns.co.uk
We Accept...
© 2011 Vividsigns Limited. All rights reserverd.
Text Size
Scroll To Top