http://www.sullaireurope.com/en/terms-and-conditions-use
Skip to main content
Main Navigation Europe
Menu
Products
Industry
Parts
OEM
Services
Blog
Sullair Response to COVID-19
Contact
Home
Terms and Conditions of Use
Terms and Conditions of Use
General
This website is provided by Sullair LLC (“SULLAIR”), including its affiliates, as an online service subject to your acceptance of the terms and conditions set forth in this agreement (“Agreement”).
Please read this Agreement carefully before accessing, browsing or using this site (“Site”). By accessing or using the Site, you agree that you have read, understood and have become legally bound by the following terms and conditions. If you do agree to these terms and conditions do not access or use this Site.
Limited License
Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein and all applicable local laws and regulations, SULLAIR grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, personal, limited right to access, use and display this site and attendant materials. This authorization is not a transfer of title to the site or materials contained herein and is expressly subject to the following restrictions: (1) you must retain all copyright and other proprietary notices on all copies of the site and materials and (2) you may not modify the site or materials in any way or reproduce or publicly display, perform or distribute or otherwise use the site and materials for any public or commercial purpose, except as otherwise specifically permitted herein.
Disclaimer
SULLAIR provides this site and its contents on an “as is” basis and makes no representations or warranties of any kind with respect to this site or its contents. SULLAIR disclaims all such representations and warranties, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, the warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. In addition, SULLAIR does not represent or warrant that the information accessible via this site is accurate, complete or current.
Changes
All content contained herein is subject to change without notice. SULLAIR reserves the right to change or modify the terms and conditions applicable to the use of this site at any time. Such changes, modifications, additions, or deletions to the terms and conditions of use shall be effective immediately upon notice thereof, which may be given by any means including, but not limited to, posting new terms and conditions on the site. Any use of the site after such change or modification shall be deemed to constitute acceptance by you of such changes, modifications, additions, or deletions.
SULLAIR may terminate, change, suspend or discontinue any aspect of the site, including the availability of any features of the site, at any time. SULLAIR may also impose limits on certain features and services or restrict your access to parts of the site without notice or liability.
Hyperlinks
Certain links provided on this site will launch Internet sites that are not under the control of SULLAIR. SULLAIR provides these outside links solely as a convenience to its users and the provision of any such link is not an endorsement by SULLAIR of that site or any of the contents, products, or services contained or offered therein. Accordingly, SULLAIR makes no representations or warranties whatsoever concerning availability of or content, including sub-links, found on those sites.
When registering for, ordering or purchasing products or services from any party which is linked to this site, you will be entering into an agreement with that third party and not with SULLAIR. In these cases, you should review and understand the terms and conditions posted by such third party and its privacy policy before you register, order or purchase. Except to the extent specifically stated herein, the privacy policy and terms of use stated by SULLAIR herein will not apply. SULLAIR is committed to linking with companies that share our privacy concerns. However, we cannot and do not control the way these parties use or collect information or operate their businesses.
When you link to another party’s site, you should be aware that those companies may use cookies or other means to collect information about you. As SULLAIR does not control these sites, you should be aware that SULLAIR privacy policy and terms do not apply.
Submissions
By submitting information and material to SULLAIR, whether via e-mail or otherwise, including, but not limited to, feedback, questions, comments, suggestions, ideas, graphics or computer files of any type, you thereby expressly grant, or warrant, that the owner of such material has expressly granted SULLAIR a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive right and license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate and distribute such material (in whole or in part) worldwide and to incorporate it in other works in any form, media or technology now known or hereafter developed, subject to the SULLAIR Statement of User Privacy.
Limitation of Liability
Neither SULLAIR nor any of its subsidiaries, employees, or other representatives shall be liable for damages arising out of or in connection with the use of this site or any linked site. Under no circumstances shall SULLAIR have any liability for any consequential, incidental, indirect, special, or punitive damages or costs, including, but not limited to, lost profits, business interruption, loss of information or data, or loss of goodwill, loss of or damage to property, and any claims of third parties, arising out of or in connection with the use, copying, or display of this site or its contents or any linked website, regardless of whether SULLAIR has been advised, knew, or should have known of the possibility thereof.
International Users and Jurisdiction
This site is maintained and controlled by SULLAIR in the United States of America. SULLAIR makes no representation that materials on this site are appropriate or available for use at other locations outside of the United States and access to this site from territories where this site’s contents are illegal is prohibited. If you access this site from locations outside the United States, you are responsible for compliance with all local laws. The laws of the State of Indiana shall govern the content and use of this site, without giving effect to any of the conflict of law principles or rules thereof. Information contained in this website may be subject to U.S. government export controls. This information is subject to all laws, regulations and administrative acts, now or hereafter in effect of the U.S. government regarding the exportation and/or re-exportation of information. The recipient of this information acknowledges that they will be responsible for compliance as necessary with such laws, regulations and administrative acts. Prior to the disclosure of information presented on this website to any foreign national, the recipient will obtain any such approvals in a manner consistent with the terms and conditions of this agreement.
Copyright and Trademark
All website design, text, graphics, and the selection and arrangement thereof, are the property of Sullair LLC. All rights reserved. Any text or images bearing the symbols ™, SM or ® are trademarks or registered trademarks and are used herein by permission of their respective owners.
The Sullair symbol, Sullair wordmark, Optimalair®, AirLinx®, and Sullube® are registered trademarks of Sullair, LLC.
PristineFG™ is a trademark of Sullair of Sullair, LLC.
Statement of Privacy for Website Users
Sullair LLC has created this website for the purpose of conducting electronic commerce and to facilitate secure information exchange. This website is intended to be user friendly and is designed to assist us in meeting the needs of our business partners. In order to accomplish this goal, it is important for you, a user of this website, to understand that we may capture certain information from you and that we will endeavor to protect all information and data supplied to us. This Statement of User Privacy and the Terms and Conditions of Use describe the information collected by SULLAIR, our use of that information, and the terms and conditions of your use of this site. We encourage you to read both of these documents carefully before using this site. By using this website you signify your acceptance of this privacy statement and you agree to adhere to the terms and conditions posted on the website. If you do not agree with any of these terms, please do not use this site or submit any personal information. If you have any comments or questions, or there are other things we can do to maximize the value of this site to you, please contact us via e-mail at webmaster@sullair.com.
In General
SULLAIR uses the information voluntarily given by users to enhance users’ experience on the site, to provide interactive or personalized elements on the site and to better prepare future content based on the interests of users. SULLAIR monitors user traffic patterns to determine which areas of the site users find useful based upon the amount of traffic to particular areas.
SULLAIR monitors user traffic patterns throughout the site according to a user’s domain name, browser type, and date and time of access, pages viewed, etc.
In most cases, personal information is used to respond to inquiries, allow access to specific areas of the site, or access particular accounts or to customize the site based upon your interests.
Information Gathered
SULLAIR may gather three types of information about users: (1) data gathered through tracking information derived mainly by tallying page views throughout the site; (2) data that users provide when registering as a particular individual; and (3) data that users provide when registering for access to specific websites with SULLAIR. Once you register with SULLAIR or have been assigned a specific identification code to access your websites, we may request that you provide certain information. Our purpose in collecting this information is to provide customized services and content that are relevant to your specific needs and interests.
During site registration, we may request your name, address, postal code, email address, and phone number. In addition to the information noted above, at other times during your use of this site, such as when you access personal data or information, or make a purchase, we may request more detailed and specific information, such as financial data. Portions of this website are password protected so that only you have access to this information, except as necessary for SULLAIR to provide the offered services. However, please be aware that SULLAIR, or its employees, partners or contractors, may have access to your information to provide you with the services offered by this site and to perform certain site or database support and maintenance tasks. We will endeavor to protect your data and information from disclosure to any third party, other than SULLAIR employees, partners and contractors. Although we use available technology to retain and protect this data and information, due to the nature of Internet communications, we cannot guarantee or warrant that your transmission is absolutely secure. Also, we strongly recommend that you not disclose your password to anyone.
Links to Third Party Sites
During certain uses of the site, you may be linked to a site or product provided by a third party. If you submit information to SULLAIR to access or purchase any third party’s product or services that are linked to this website, we may need to share this information with those parties so that they may process your request, and supply the product or services that you ordered. SULLAIR is committed to linking with companies that share our privacy concerns. However, we cannot and do not control the way these parties use or collect information or operate their businesses. If you use these links, you leave the SULLAIR site. SULLAIR has not reviewed these unrelated third party sites and is not responsible for any of these sites, their content or their privacy policies and practices.
Transfer of Data
SULLAIR will not provide e-mail addresses or other customer information to any non-SULLAIR organization or partner. SULLAIR will not sell, rent or lease to third parties the personal information we collect online from you. We may share personal information collected from you with third parties for the purposes described above. SULLAIR will not otherwise share your personal information with third parties without your consent, unless required by law or as disclosed to you when the information is collected. If we share your personal information with a third party, such party will either be subject to SULLAIR’s policies or contractually required to provide the same privacy protection as SULLAIR in handling your personal information. Please note that SULLAIR will, under certain circumstances permitted or required by law or court order, collect, use and/or disclose personal information collected online pursuant to procedures that do not require giving notice or providing other privacy protections (for example, in connection with law enforcement investigations.)
Cookies
SULLAIR may use cookies as a part of offering personalized service on this site. Cookies are small text files sent to and stored on users’ computers that allow websites, to recognize repeat users, facilitate users’ access to sites, and allow sites to compile aggregate data that will allow content improvements. Cookies do not damage users’ computers or files. We use cookies so that we can offer you information and services which are customized to your interests and needs.
If users do not want cookies to be accessible by SULLAIR, most browser programs allow users to deny or disable the use of cookies. Please note, however, that cookies may be necessary for this website to operate properly or for certain functionality.
Security and Integrity
SULLAIR is committed to ensuring the security and integrity of your information. We have adopted reasonable physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard the personal information you provide to us online. These procedures protect the information against unauthorized access or disclosure, loss or misuse, and alteration or destruction. They also help ensure the information is accurate and used properly.
Correcting / Changing Information
SULLAIR strives to keep your personal information accurate. We provide access to the personal information we collect online from you so that you may review, update, amend, correct or delete it. If you choose to delete it, we will use reasonable efforts to remove your personal information from our files. To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting you access. Please notify us by sending an email to us at webmaster@sullair.com if you wish to review, update, amend, correct or remove your information from this site or report problems with the site. While we will assist you in protecting your personal information, it is up to you to protect your password and access to this site.
Periodic Changes
As SULLAIR expands and improves this site, and its related products and services, we will endeavor to refresh this policy. We encourage you to refer to this policy on a regular basis for updates to the policy. This policy will be modified from time to time without prior notice to its use.
NEED HELP FINDING THERIGHT SOLUTION
INTERACTIVE GUIDE