https://www.maglin.com/privacy.html
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Home Privacy Policy
Maglin Site Furniture acknowledges the importance of protecting the privacy of Maglin customers. The information we collect is used to ensure that Maglin can provide the quality of service that will exceed our customers expectations and to effectively and efficiently communicate with you, including contacting you with order and product information, updates to our web site services or other marketing information.
In addition, certain areas of Maglin.com will require registration or a password to enter and use the application. Information obtained through those sites may also be used for marketing purposes, and cookies may be used in those and other areas, as is described in this policy. Information obtained in the areas may also be used in accordance with agreements governing access to and use of the areas.
For more information on this Privacy Policy, please read below:
What information does Maglin capture on visitors to its Website?Maglin resides on the maglin.com web server. This server uses an extended log file format which captures date and time of visit, referring address (location from which a visitor comes to maglin.com), type of Internet browser, and visitor’s IP address. (Each computer that connects to the Internet is assigned a unique number and IP address for identification purposes).
Is personal information requested?There are currently some areas of maglin.com which ask for personal information. In those areas, information such as your name, address, email address, billing information and customer profile may be requested. This information is collected to help us further develop our services and to facilitate payment for products purchased if you elect to use them.
How is the information used?The information helps us identify the type of website content our customers value most. We then use this information to improve the services we offer and to improve the website. We also use this information to be able to communicate with you, including sending email notifications about updates to the website, and for marketing purposes.
Will my information be used for any other purpose?Maglin may periodically send you information about various products and services as directed by you in your account preferences section. Your preferences can be changed at any time. Visit our Contact page to connect with us about changing your preferences.
What happens when I leave maglin.com to visit a Maglin linked website?Parts of Maglin.com consist of information hosted by business partners and other third parties. When you leave maglin.com to visit one of their sites, the only information transferred to the third party is the fact that you came from maglin.com (the refer address). This practice allows the third party to monitor its own website traffic but does not provide them with any information about you. Maglin is not responsible or liable for the privacy policies at those sites to determine how your information might be used.
Are cookies used?Yes, cookies are used to achieve two goals. The first is to provide Maglin with the capability to customize information for certain segments of its customer base. Secondly, in some instances, cookies are used to allow Maglin the opportunity to associate individual customers with their information profiles.
What is a cookie?A cookie is a series of data characters that, when programmed into a website, is placed by the Web Server into the browser’s application folder on your computer. Once placed onto your machine, the cookie will allow the website to “recognize” you as a unique individual.
Please note that in most instances a cookie does not enable a User to be recognized as a name (e.g., John Doe). Rather it will recognize an individual as a series of numbers (e.g., MEMBERID=MC_53011).
How do I contact Maglin with questions or concerns?Maglin welcomes information from users regarding its compliance with Maglin Internet Privacy Policy. Questions or requests for more information can be directed to the Maglin Privacy Department. Visit our Contact page to send us your request.
Maglin reserves the right to amend the privacy policy as necessary to reflect changes we make and to satisfy legal requirements.  Because changes can occur at any time, with or without notice, please check back frequently.
Your use of maglin.com constitutes your agreement to this Privacy Policy.
We'd Love to Hear From You
Whether you have a question about products and their features, need a material sample, or anything else, our team is ready to help!
Let's Talk
Close cart modal
Quick quote
Looks like you haven't yet started your quick quote.
Start Browsing