http://www.kastalon.com/legal/
A globally recognized custom polyurethane manufacturer
Literature Downloads
News
About Us
Contact Us
|
Help
Customer Service (708) 389-2210
Returns (708) 389-2210
Email Us
Returns
Legal
Kastalon IncLegal
Legal
The information contained within this website is provided purely for informational purposes regarding Kastalon, Inc.
Information on this website is provided “as is” without warranty or term of any kind, either express or implied, including, but not limited to, any implied warranties or terms of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement. All such implied terms and warranties are hereby excluded.
By accessing this website you agree that Kastalon will not be liable for any direct, indirect or consequential loss arising from the use of the information and material contained in this website, or any other hyperlinked website, including, without limitation, any lost profits, business interruption, loss of programs or other, even if we are expressly advised of the possibility of such damages.
The above exclusions and limitations apply only to the extent permitted by law. The copyright in the material contained in this website belongs to Kastalon, Inc.
Volume and reseller discounts available, contact us for more info.
NOTE: All Sleeves are folded in half in shipping
Contact us today: Kastalon Inc.
4100 West 124th Place
Alsip IL, US 60803-1876
p. 708-389-2210
f. 708-389-0432
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
0