http://www.e-leran.com/info/help-customized-product-offering
Close
Ready to Buy?
Call us today at 1-888-820-6511 to set up your new account or create a web login for your existing account.
If you need assistance, please
contact us.
Sign up for emails regarding the benefits, cost-savings, and solutions of being a Home Depot Pro customer.
Preferences have been saved!
* All fields are required.
Email*
First Name*
Last Name*
Company Name*
Do you have an existing account?*
If yes, please enter your account #:
Sign-up for email updates.
Thank You!
We appreciate you signing up. Please check your email within a few hours for confirmation.
Customer Credit Available
Accelerate your business's options and take it the next level when you open a credit line with Home Depot Pro. Download our credit application to apply.
Need Assistance?
Visit our help center for useful tips on placing online orders, using web features, and more.
Visit Help Center
Privacy Policy
Home
Customized Product Offering
Help Center
Getting Started
Register/Create a Website Login
Logging In
Reset Password
Placing an Order
Finding Products
Add Products to Your Cart
Promotional Codes
Checking Out
Website Icon Reference
Video Tutorials
Benefits of Ordering Online
Basics of Web Ordering
Productivity Tools
Favorites Lists
Order History
Intro to Budgeting
Intro to Work Flow Management
Mobile Applications
My Account
Access Account Dashboard
Order Approval Workflow
Budgeting
Customized Product Offering
eShowroom
Web Tools
Favorites Lists
Bin Labels
Bulk Quick Add
Custom Catalogs
Reporting Tools
Orders & Quotes
Account History
Track My Order
My Quotes
Special Orders
Frequently Asked Questions
Frequently Asked Questions
Registering
Logging In & Updating Your Account
Ordering
Product Information
Technical Questions
General Information
Product Recalls
Contact Us For Help.
Call Us1-888-820-6511
Email Us
Customized Product Offering
Please note that the Advanced
Administrator Tools require special setup of your web profile as an Account
Administrator. Please contact Customer Service to enable this role for you.
The Customized
Product Offering feature enables account
Administrators to tailor product-level offerings to each account under their
control. Administrators can upload a spreadsheet or select the products one by
one. Up to 3,000 items can be included in the product offering.
Follow the instructions below to set
up your Customized Product Offering list.
Turn
on Customized Product Offering
Select "Enable
Customized Product Offerings"
located under "Customized Product Offerings" in the
"Administration" area of your Account Dashboard.
On the "Manage Account Shopping
Preferences" page, select "Yes" next to "Use Customized
Product Offering."  Click
"Update" to save your changes.
After your Customized Product
Offering is enabled, you have the option to turn on Customized Product Offering
Approval Workflow. When workflow is enabled in this situation, any shopping
cart that contains one or more items not included in the offering will need to
be submitted as a quote for approval prior to checking out. For instructions on
how to set up and use the workflow, please click here or
scroll down to the "Customized Product Offering Approval Workflow"
section below.
Add
Items to Your Customized Product Offering
There are two ways to add items to
the customized product offering.
You can use the "Add to
Customized Product Offering" icon  displayed in the button bar below the
"Add to Cart" button in Search Results, Product Detail Pages, Quick
Info and Favorites Lists.
You can also upload a list of
approved items from an Excel spreadsheet by following the directions below:
Click "Upload Customized Product
Offering List" under "Customized Product Offerings" on the
"My Account Dashboard" screen. (Please note that this option will
only appear after the Customized Product Offering is enabled. It is recommended
to limit the Customized Product Offering upload to 3,000 items or less.) Click
"Download the Excel Template" under "Use the Pre-Formatted
Template." A small screen will appear asking you to "Open with
Microsoft Excel" or "Save File." Select "Open with
Microsoft Excel" and click "Ok."
The template will open to an
instructions page. Select the "My Product Offerings" tab located at
the bottom of the spreadsheet.  Complete
the template with item numbers in Column "B". Column "A"
Description is optional and is for your informational use only.  When you have finished entering the product
numbers you want added to your Customized Product Offering, save the
spreadsheet to your local computer.
Use the browse button on the
"Bulk Customized Product Offering Builder" page to select your saved
list.
To replace all current products
offered with the products you are uploading in the spreadsheet, select
"Replace existing SKUs with items in spreadsheet." If not selected,
the uploaded items will append to those already in the offering rather than
replace them.
Click "Upload List" to
build your offering.
*IMPORTANT! Your product offering
will write to the database overnight and will be in effect the next morning.
Edit
Your Customized Product Offering
If you wish to upload and replace an
existing list of items with a list of new items, you can use the Excel template
tool.
You can also edit items individually
by clicking on the "Remove from Customized Product Offering" icon
located in the button bar under "Add to Cart" in Search Results,
Product Detail Pages, Quick Info and Favorites Lists.
Remove
Your Customized Product Offering
Remove the Customized Product
Offering from an account by selecting "No" for "Use Customized
Product Offering" on the "Manage Account Shopping Preferences" screen and clicking the "Update" button.
Please note that if you have set up a Customized Product Offering Approval
workflow, it will be disabled if you turn off the offering.
Search
for Items in Your Customized Product Offering
As an account Administrator, you
will still have the ability to see and order all items, including those not
included in the offering. To search only items included in the offering, click
"By Offering" next to the "Search" box to display results
that only include items in your Customized Product Offering. All other
non-Administrator users will only be able to search on items included in the
offering.
Customized Product Offering Approval Workflow
When the optional Customized Product
Offering Approval Workflow is enabled, any shopping cart that contains one or
more items not included in the offering will need to be submitted as a quote
for approval prior to checking out.
After enabling the Customized
Product Offering, click on "Click Here"
on the "Manage
Account Shopping Preferences"
page to enable and assign approver(s) in the optional "Customized Product
Offering Approval Workflow.”  You can
also access the workflow setup page by clicking on "View or Edit Workflow
Settings" in your Account
Dashboard.
Click "Customized Product
Offering Approval" to begin the workflow setup.
Click the red "+" button
to add your first approval level.
Enter the name you would like to use
to define this level, or you can use the default name that appears of "New
Approval Step (X), in the "Approval Level Name:" box.
Next, set up a step timeout limit.
This allows any quotes that do not get approved, in the timeframe assigned, to
send an email stating the upcoming expiration. A notification is sent when the
quote expires to the Admins and Submitter as well as 24 hours prior to the
Admins, Submitter and Next Level Quote Approver. Also, if the quote is not
approved within the "Step Timeout Days" it will be forwarded on to
the next approval level in the workflow, if applicable. The "Step Timeout
Days" can have a minimum of 2 days and a maximum of 14 days. You may elect
to only select weekdays for this timeframe by checking the "Weekdays
Only" box.
Click the "Assign
Approvers" dropdown and check the box next the user(s) that you want to
become the approver for this level. If more than one approver is assigned at
the same level, all will receive the notifications, but only one will need to
approve the quote.
To give another user approver
privileges, first click on "Manage Approvers".  Find the user from the list on the left and
then click the checkbox next to "Quote Approver" on the right to
assign approver rights to that user. Click "Apply Changes."  This user will now appear in the "Assign
Approvers" dropdown and can be selected and assigned vas an approver in
the workflow.
Once you have filled in all steps in
the Add Approval Level screen, select "Apply Changes" to complete the
setup.
You will now return to the
Customized Product Offering Workflow-Defined Steps screen. On this screen you
may choose to add additional levels to your order approval workflow by clicking
on the "+" button to repeat the process. Or, if complete, save your
workflow by clicking on "Save Workflow."
Click the "Enable"
checkbox next to "Customized Product Offering Approval" to turn on
the workflow. The workflow can be disabled at any time by unchecking the
checkbox.
Creating
a Quote/Order with Customized Product Offering Workflow Enabled
Buyer:
Items that are not included in the
Customized Product Offering will be clearly identified in the shopping cart.
When workflow is enabled, users will be prompted to create a quote and submit
it for approval if their cart contains one or more items not included in the
offering. (While non-Administrator users cannot search/browse for items not
included in the offering while logged in, they can use the Quick Add to enter
in item numbers, including those not in the offering, that will then add to the
cart.)
Click on "Create a Quote"
at the bottom of the shopping cart.  Give
the quote a name and then click on "Save Quote."  User will be brought to the Quote Details
Page. The quote can still be modified at this point. When ready, click the
"Submit for Approval" button at the top of the page to submit the
quote to the approver.
Approver:
The Quote Approver(s) will receive
an immediate email stating that there is a quote that requires approval. The
Approver can click on the link supplied in the email, or log in to the website
and click on "My Quotes" under the "Orders & Quotes"
dropdown menu in the header.
On the "Quote Dashboard"
page, click on the "Approval Queue" button and then again on the name
of the quote to be reviewed.
On the Quote Details Page the
Approver will be able to review the quote. At this point, the quote can still
be modified. Items can be added using the Quick Add on the page, quantities can
be changed, or items removed. The Approver can then choose to accept or reject
the quote by clicking on either the "thumbs up" or "thumbs
down" button respectively under the "Offering Workflow Steps."
Once the quote is approved by
clicking on the "thumbs up" button, the "Check Out Now"
buttons will appear, and the quote can now be turned in to an order. Click on
"Check Out Now" or "Express Checkout" to place the order.