https://www.wolf21.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy Wolf2130, May, 2016Wolf21 Privacy and Confidentiality PolicyWolf21 follows a strict policy for collecting, using, storing and protecting your personal information. This page outlines the details of our privacy and confidentiality policy. If you do not agree with the policy, please refrain from using this site. We reserve the right to change this policy and will keep users informed of changes by posting the revised policy on our Website. (Personal information is used according to the policy that was in place at the time the information was collected.)How We Collect and Use Your Personal InformationWolf21 is the sole owners of the data collected from the Wolf21 website. To use some parts of our site, users are required to complete a form that includes name, email address, mailing address, phone and so on. We use this information only for the reasons it was provided to us: contacting users with information or services they requested or expressed an interest in. We may also use this information to customize our site’s content and, thereby, improve services for our users.If you no longer wish to receive information and promotions from us, contact us by e-mail at info@wolf21.com to request removal from our mailing list.CookiesA cookie is a piece of data stored on a user’s computer that is linked to information about the user.We use session cookies to help recognize you if you use multiple pages on our site during the same session. The cookie ensures that you do not have to enter your password multiple times. Once you leave our site the session cookie expires.Use of our site does not require that cookies be accepted. If you prefer, you can turn off cookies in the settings of your Internet browser.Web Log FilesWe use Web logs to track general user data on our site. Web log data tells us about the users visiting our site, but is not linked to any personally identifiable information. This data is used solely for researching trends and movement of visitors on our site to help us run the site and gather broad demographic data about our site’s visitors. This data includes: IP address, Internet Service Provider (ISP), referring and exit pages, number of clicks, time spent on site, time/date stamp and so on.Sharing DataWe do not share personal data with third-party sites without user consent, except in the following circumstances:When subpoenaed or requested to by court order.We are compelled to do so to comply with the law.When we believe in good faith that sharing said data is required to assist with law enforcement investigations or for reporting suspected illegal activity.When requested to do so by third–party contractors hired as part of our business operations, like bill collectors, marketing firms and so on. These companies are required to use any data collected for its intended purpose only and not for their own gain.We may share your Information with other partners, but only in the following limited circumstances:In order to provide the delivery of products to you, we may share your information with the following partners:Credit reporting agencies, other financial institutions, data storage providers, data and payment processors, credit card printers, cheque printers, statement producers, claims processors, collection agencies, third party call centers, delivery.Companies and account administrators; Companies that provide and administer insurance, membership and card registry services or other services that you may have requested; orOther businesses within our group of companies.To market and sell products and services offered by businesses within our group of companies, we may share your Personal Information with:Other businesses within our group of companies; orMailing houses, letter generators, sales and marketing agencies, organizations that provide and service our products or services. We will not sell your Personal Information to any organization, for any purpose. You Can Choose Not To Receive Personalized Direct Marketing Communications.LinksThis Website contains links to other sites. We are not responsible for and cannot control the privacy policies of other sites. Exercise caution when leaving our site and, before giving your personal information on another site, read its privacy policy.The policy outlined here applies only the Wolf21 Website.SecurityWolf21 has enacted a series of safeguards to protect your personal information. Firewalls and data encryption keep data secure. Computers housing personal data are located in a secured environment accessible only to authorized staff, and access to personal information is granted only to employees who require it in their job.Disputes / GuaranteeIf you have a concern with our services or invoicing, please contact our offices. We will ensure your satisfaction.Questions and Contact InformationIf you have any concerns, comments or questions about our privacy policy, contact us at the email address or phone number below.Wolf21 157 Adelaide St. W., Suite 721 Toronto ON M5H 4E7 Tel: 1–888–756–2444 Email: info@wolf21.comTweetSharePinShare0 Shares