http://www.e-leran.com/info/privacy
Close
Ready to Buy?
Call us today at 1-888-820-6511 to set up your new account or create a web login for your existing account.
If you need assistance, please
contact us.
Sign up for emails regarding the benefits, cost-savings, and solutions of being a Home Depot Pro customer.
Preferences have been saved!
* All fields are required.
Email*
First Name*
Last Name*
Company Name*
Do you have an existing account?*
If yes, please enter your account #:
Sign-up for email updates.
Thank You!
We appreciate you signing up. Please check your email within a few hours for confirmation.
Customer Credit Available
Accelerate your business's options and take it the next level when you open a credit line with Home Depot Pro. Download our credit application to apply.
Need Assistance?
Visit our help center for useful tips on placing online orders, using web features, and more.
Visit Help Center
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy and Security Statement
Privacy and Security Statement
Thank you for visiting our website. This privacy policy tells you how we use personal information collected at this website. Please read this privacy policy before using the site or submitting any personal information. By using this website, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy. These practices may be changed, but any changes will be posted and changes will only apply to activities and information on a going forward, not retroactive basis. You are encouraged to review the privacy policy whenever you visit this website to make sure that you understand how any personal information you provide will be used.
Note: the privacy practices set forth in this privacy policy are for this website only. If you link to other websites, please review the privacy policies posted at those websites.
Collection of Information
When you interact with us via this website we may collect the following personal information: name, email address, address, information from your credit card or debit card, and IP address. The personal information you provide is used to fulfill your specific request and to provide you with updates and information about the business.
Distribution of Information
We respect your privacy. Your information will not be sold to 3rd parties including other companies or data listing services for monetary compensation. We may share information with governmental agencies assisting us in fraud prevention or investigation. We may do so when: (1) permitted or required by law; or, (2) trying to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud or unauthorized transactions; or, (3) investigating fraud which has already taken place.
Commitment to Data Security
While we use industry standard means to protect our websites and your information, the Internet is not 100% secure. The measures we use are appropriate for the type of information we collect. We cannot promise that your use of our websites or mobile applications will be completely safe. We encourage you to use caution when using the Internet. Online access to your personal information is protected with a password you select. We strongly recommend that you do not share your password and that you use unique passwords for all of your online accounts.
California Privacy Information
At this time, personal information collected from Business-to-Business ("B2B") customers is largely exempted from the requirements of the California Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA"). However, we do provide B2B customers with the right to opt out of the sale of their personal information.
When you visit our website, we use cookies and similar tools to automatically provide certain personal information to select third parties to provide services that help us enhance your experience, improve and deliver advertising, learn how you use the website, and achieve the other purposes addressed in the “Our Tracking Tools” section of our Privacy and Security Statement below. While we do not share your personal information with third parties in exchange for money, we disclose certain information digitally in exchange for insights and other valuable services, and California law treats such sharing as a “sale” even if no money is exchanged. To exercise your right to opt out of this type of digital sharing that results in a sale please click here.
To exercise your opt out right for other types of sharing that may constitute sales, please click here to submit your request via the homedepot.com rights request page.
Our Tracking Tools
Tracking Tools We Use
We collect personal and other information using digital tracking tools, such as cookies and web beacons, when you use our websites or mobile applications, interact with our emails or applications provided on connected devices, or otherwise engage with our digital offerings. We also partner with third parties that collect information this way. These third parties may place similar tracking tools on our websites, applications, and advertising to facilitate tracking, advertising, and measurement services.
The tools may collect information about your activities over time and on various digital services offered by us or others.
The tools that we, our vendors, and third parties may use include:
Browser and flash cookies. Cookies are small text files that websites send to your computer or other connected device to identify your browser or to store information or settings. Your browser may provide the ability to be notified when you receive certain types of cookies and how to restrict or disable certain cookies. Flash cookies generally can be disabled only by accessing Adobe Flash settings (information available here)
Server logs, which record information about the device, browser, operating system, network, and other resources you use to access our digital services
Web beacons and pixels. These are small electronic images deployed on websites and emails that collect information about how users interact with content
Application software. Software in our mobile and other connected-device applications collects information about how you interact with the digital services
We, our service providers, and third parties may use the information collected via these tools to:
Identify new visitors and users
Recognize returning customers
Learn how you came to access our digital services
Keep you logged into our digital services
Personalize your experience on our website, device applications, and third-party social networking websites, plug-ins and applications
Identify your location as determined by the IP address of your devices
Optimize and tailor our websites and device applications
Make product recommendations and provide you with advertising content in which we think you will be interested. As part of this customization, we may observe your behaviors on our device applications, our websites, or on other websites and applications. We may also get information about your browsing history and online activities from our trusted business partners and vendors
Better understand our audience, our customers, our website visitors and device application users, and their respective interests, including by learning about your online activities across devices
Provide correct pricing and ads for the local store you select
Online Interest-Based Ads
We work with digital advertising and marketing companies to provide you with ads that meet your interests and that enhance your experience with us. These ads may be displayed on websites or device applications operated by us or third parties, and they may be based on information about your activities or preferences collected by us or third parties. We work with third parties to monitor and optimize ad delivery so that you don’t receive the same ad too many times and to determine whether you were interested in the ads. As noted above, these third parties collect information with their own cookies, pixels, and related tracking technology.
Additionally, we may share aggregated or pseudonymous information (pseudonymous information includes things like: device identifier, type of device, IP addresses, cookies and other information associated with your browsing and app usage) with other companies, such as publishers, advertisers, measurement analytics providers, and others. We do not share information that directly identifies you (information such as name or email address) with these companies.
To learn more about interest-based ads and to opt out of certain types of interest-based advertising and certain other uses of information collected over time and across different online services and devices, click here. Some of the social media platforms we work with may serve you with interest-based advertising on their platforms. In addition to or instead of the opt-out actions described below, you may be able to opt out of their interest-based advertising by changing your advertising preferences in the platforms after you log in.
To exercise interest-based advertising opt outs:
Certain coalitions of advertisers allow consumers to opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from members of the coalitions. Please follow the links below to opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from members of these coalitions. You will need to exercise these opt outs on each browser on each device for which you wish to opt out of interest-based advertising.
Digital Advertising Alliance opt-out
Network Advertising Initiative opt-out
To limit mobile device interest-based advertising: You can adjust your advertising preferences on mobile devices through your device settings:
iOS Devices: Go to Settings > Privacy > Advertising (at the bottom of the screen) > Turn on Limit Ad Tracking
Android Devices: Go to Google Settings > Ads > Opt Out of Interest-Based Ads
When you opt out of receiving interest-based advertising, you may still see general audience advertising regarding our products and services. We may deliver advertising to a general audience or place advertising on websites and other platforms that relate to our advertisements. For example, if you opt out of interest-based advertising and visit a do-it-yourself website, you may see advertising on the website that promotes products and services related to the content.
Controlling Our Tracking Tools
This section provides you with information about the options available to you to control our tracking tools.
Some of our tracking tools share information with third parties in exchange for their support in enhancing your experiences with us, improving our ability to serve you, or keeping you aware of our products, services, and offers.
Disable browser cookies: Your browser may give you the ability to control cookies, some of which may enable third parties to collect data about your use of our websites.
You can adjust your browser settings to block all cookies. Certain browsers also allow you to limit the blocking of cookies to specific websites. Instructions for blocking cookies on commonly used browsers can be found at the links below. You will need to adjust the settings on each browser and on each device for which you wish to block cookies. Please note that disabling cookies may limit the functionality of our websites.
Internet Explorer
Microsoft Edge
Chrome
Instructions for blocking cookies from a specific website
Firefox
Instructions for blocking cookies from a specific website
Safari
Disable Flash cookies: Third parties may collect data about your usage of our websites via Flash cookies. To disable Flash cookies, follow these instructions. This setting will need to be adjusted on each device for which you wish to block Flash cookies.
As described on our Exercise Your Privacy Rights page here, if you disable cookies on your browser, our Opt Out of Sale tool will no longer work.
We may update this section from time to time with information about new tools that may be available to you to register your preferences.
Privacy Contact Information
To review and update any personal information you provide to us, you can contact us by calling the Customer Service Team at 1-888-820-6511.
Changes to this Privacy and Security Statement
Effective Date: December 10, 2020
Last Revision Date: July 1, 2020
From time to time we may change our privacy policies. We will notify you of any material changes to our Privacy and Security Statement by posting an updated copy on our website. Please check our website periodically for updates.