http://www.macgregor-systems.co.uk/privacy-statement
English
English
Nederlands
Français
Deutsch
Magyar
Italiano
Español
Enter your keywords
+44 (0)1638 510011
Home
Product LinesLaser Welding
Laser Marking
Laser Cutting
Hermetic Sealing
Resistance Welding
Micro TIG Welding
Hot Bar
System Solutions
Resale Products
Applications
SupportTechnical Support
Application support
Customer Service
Knowledge Base
Discontinued Products
About UsCompany Profile
News
Events
Environmental Commitment
Code of Conduct
Careers
Contact
You are hereHome / Privacy Statement
Data Protection Statement
Scope of applicability
This Data Protection Statement informs you about the policy of AMADA WELD TECH GmbH with regard to your data. The Data Protection Statement is based on the terminology used by the European regulators upon the adoption of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
This Data Protection Statement concerns the collection, processing and use of personal as well as non-personal data. Personal data are information about a given or identifiable natural person relating to them personally or their circumstances. Non-personal data are data which cannot be associated with a given or identifiable person, e.g. data about general usage of the website.
Name and address of the data controller
The data controller is, within the meaning of the General Data Protection Regulation, other data protection laws applicable in the member states of the European Union and other provisions relating to data protection:
AMADA WELD TECH GmbH
Lindberghstrasse 1
DE-82178 Puchheim
Deutschland
Data Protection Officer
AMADA WELD TECH GmbH has decided to assign the role of data protection officer externally to INTARGIA Managementberatung GmbH, Max-Planck-Straße 20, 63303 Dreieich.
Access data
It is generally possible to use this website without disclosing any personal data. When accessing a page of our website and whenever you request a file, access data regarding this process will be saved in a log file. The log file contains: the page from which the file was requested, the name of the file, the date and time of the request, the volume of data transferred, the access status (file transferred, file not found, etc.), a description of the type of operating system and web browser used. The data saved cannot be used to deduce your identity and is analysed exclusively for statistical purposes.
Cookies
This website uses only functional and analytical cookies. Cookies are small text files that are saved on your device. Your browser accesses these files. The use of cookies enhances the user’s experience and safety on this website.
Most browsers offer an option not to accept cookies. Please note: you may not be able to access all the features of this website if you select these settings.
Handling of personal data
We collect, use and share your personal data only if this is legally permissible or you have consented to the processing of your data.
Handling of contact information
If you contact us using any of the contact options we offer, your information will be saved so that it can be referred to for the purpose of processing and answering your query. This information is not shared with third parties.
Rights of the user: Information, correction and deletion
As a user, you can, upon request, receive information, free of charge, as to what personal information has been stored concerning you. If your request does not contradict any statutory obligation to store data (e.g. data retention), you are entitled to the correction of incorrect data and the blocking or deletion of your personal data.
Data protection regarding job applications and the application process
The data controller collects and processes personal data from job seekers in order to carry out the application process. Processing may also be done electronically. This is especially the case when an applicant sends the requisite application documents to the data controller electronically, e.g. by email or via an online form on the website. If the data controller concludes an employment contract with an applicant, the data transferred will be stored for the purpose of the employment relationship in accordance with the statutory requirements. If no employment contract is concluded by the data controller with the applicant, the application documents will be deleted within the legally stipulated time frame.
Data economy
We store personal data in accordance with the principles of data avoidance and data economy only for as long as necessary or as required by the law (statutory retention period). If the purpose for the collected information ceases to exist or the retention period ends, we will block or delete the data.
Changes to the Data Protection Statement
AMADA WELD TECH GmbH will revise and amend this Data Protection Statement from time to time. We therefore recommend that you read the rules of this Data Protection Statement from time to time to ensure that you know how AMADA WELD TECH GmbH collects, processes and uses data.
Additional information
If you have any questions regarding our Data Protection Statement, please write to infode@amadaweldtech.eu or general questions, please use the contact form on our website.
Follow us
Newsletter
Fout
Enter a valid email address
AMADA WELD TECH GmbH
Lindberghstrasse 1
DE-82178 Puchheim
Germany
Phone : +49 (0) 89 839403 0
Fax : +49 (0) 89 839403 68
E-mail : infode@amadaweldtech.eu
Support
Privacy statement
Terms & Conditions
Contact
1