http://www.amlumber.com/privacy
Askins Publishing Group
AMLumber.com
Privacy Policy
Last Update: March 19, 2015
The following privacy notice applies to this website listed at AMLumber.com
(hereinafter "Website").
We will not use the information that we collect while you are using the Website, nor will we authorize third parties to use such information, to mail or e-mail promotional offers directly to you unless you have specifically informed us that you would like to receive such promotional offers.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. By visiting and using the Website, you agree that your use of our Website, and any dispute over our online privacy practices, is governed by this Privacy Policy and of Terms of Use. Because the Web is an evolving medium, we may need to change our Privacy Policy at some point in the future, in which case we'll post the revised Privacy Policy on this website and update the Last Updated date to reflect the date of the changes. By continuing to use the Website after we post any such changes, you accept the Privacy Policy as modified.
Personal Information
Activity. We may collect and store information, including personally-identifiable information (such as your name, postal address or e-mail address), or other information, that you voluntarily supply to us either while on the Website or in responding via e-mail in connection with a feature provided on the Website. If you decline to supply or provide us with certain information while using the Website, you may not be able to use or participate in some or all of the features offered through the Website.
Usage Information. We may record information about your usage, such as when you use the Website, as well as information you display or click on in the Websites (including UI elements, settings, and other information). We may use clear GIFs (a.k.a. "Web Beacons") in HTML-based emails sent to our users to track which emails are opened by recipients.
We may use third party service providers to help us collect and analyze usage information.
If you want to limit the non-personally identifiable information that is automatically collected while you use our Website, most Web browsers allow you to disable cookies.
Content Uploaded to Site. Any personal information or picture content that you voluntarily disclose online (on discussion boards, in messages and chat areas, etc.) becomes publicly available and you acknowledge that third parties may access, collect and use such content.
Uses
Personalized Features.
If you submit personally identifiable information to us through the Website, we may use your personal information to operate, maintain, and provide to you the features and functionality of the Website, as well as provide special personalized features to you.
Other Users.
Certain information may be displayed to other users when you upload pictures or send messages through the Website and other users can contact you through messages and comments. Any pictures that you submit to the Website may be redistributed through the Internet and other media channels, and may be viewed by the general public.
Use of Email for Administrative Purposes.
We do not use your email address or other personally identifiable information to send commercial or marketing messages without your consent or except as part of a specific program or feature for which you will have the ability to opt-in or opt-out. We may, however, use your email address without further consent for non-marketing or administrative purposes (such as for customer service purposes).
Usage Trends; Optimization and Functionality.
We use both your personally identifiable information and certain non-personally-identifiable information (such as anonymous user usage data, cookies, IP addresses, browser type, clickstream data, etc.) to improve the quality and design of the Website and to create new features, promotions, functionality, and services by storing, tracking, and analyzing user preferences and trends.
Cookies & IP Logs
We use cookies (or similar tracking technologies), clear gifs, and log file information to: (a) store information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the Website; (b) provide custom, personalized content and information; (c) monitor the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns; (d) monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors, pages viewed, etc.; and (e) track your entries, submissions, and status in promotions, sweepstakes, and contests.
Opting-out
Submission of Personal Information.
You may, of course, decline to submit personally identifiable information through the Website, in which case you can still view pictures and explore the Website, but we may not be able to provide certain services to you. You may also change certain personally identifiable information you submit to us by logging into your account.
Cookies.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies in the browser settings if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to sign in or use other Website features or services that depend on cookies. If you choose to accept cookies, your browser may allow you to delete cookies that you have accepted at a later date.
To disable cookies using Internet Explorer, select "Internet Options" under the Tools menu and click on "Privacy." Select "High" or "Block All Cookies." To disable cookies using Mozilla Firefox, select "Options" under the "Tools" menu. If you choose to disable cookies, you may not be able to use or participate in some or all of the features offered through the Website.
Third Party Networks.
We may allow third-party advertising companies and networks to serve cookies on the Website and to serve ads to you when you visit the Website. These companies and networks may use the log file information and/or information collected by cookies, Web beacons and similar technologies to provide advertisements about goods and services that they believe may be of interest to you. If you would like to prevent certain third parties from collecting and using such information (i.e., opt-out), or would like more information about these practices and to understand your choices regarding use of this information by these companies, please contact us at alp@amlumber.com.
Third Party Services
Certain services offered through the Websites are subject to third party privacy policies.
Facebook’s "Like" button is an example of this (and is subject to Facebook’s privacy policies).
Additional Disclosure Policies
We may share the information we collect from you to third parties in the following circumstances:
Compliance with Laws. We may disclose information we collect (including personally identifiable Information) when we believe it is required to comply with the law, such as in response to a subpoena or court order.
We may provide you with advance notice at our discretion; however, nothing in this policy entitles you to such notice.
Safety and Protecting Our Interests.
We may disclose information we collect in order to prevent damage to our property (tangible and intangible), for safety reasons, or in the course of collecting amounts owed to us.
Business Transfers. We may use your information in the context of a merger, acquisition, business reorganization, debt financing or sale of company assets, or in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy or receivership. In these transactions, the information which we collect may be freely transferred to third parties as one of our business assets (i.e., we do not have any obligation to notify you of any such transfer).
Business Transactions.
We may share your information to our partners, contractors, and service providers as necessary to provide services to you or to otherwise improve our services.
Children's Privacy Statement
This children's privacy statement explains our practices with respect to the online collection and use of personal information from children under the age of 13.
This Website is not directed to children under the age of thirteen and we do NOT knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13 as part of the Website. We screen users who wish to provide personal information in order to prevent users under the age of 13 from providing such information. If we become aware that we have inadvertently received personally identifiable information from a user under the age of 13 as part of the Website, we will delete such information from our records.
Because we do not collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13 via the Website, we also do NOT knowingly distribute such information to third parties. We do NOT knowingly allow children under the age of 13 to publicly post or otherwise distribute personally identifiable contact information through the Website. Because we do not collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13 via the Website, we do NOT condition the participation of a child under 13 in the Website's online activities on providing personally identifiable information.
How To Make Changes to Your Information
If you are a registered member of our Website, you can make changes to your account information by logging in to the Website and using the account tools available via the Website.
Storage of Information
All information we gather on our Website is stored within a database to which only we and our hosting services provider are provided access. However, as effective as the reasonable security measures implemented by us may be, no physical or electronic security system is impenetrable. We cannot guarantee the security of our Website’s servers or databases, nor can we guarantee that information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet.
Questions Regarding Privacy
If you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, our privacy practices, or your dealings with us, please contact us by writing to alp@amlumber.com.
Help Me