http://www.easystreetrecords.com/privacy-policy.html
Login / Register
Cart (0)
USD US dollar
EUR Euro
GBP British pound
CHF Swiss Franc
ARS Argentine peso
AUD Australian dollar
CLP Chilean peso
COP Colombian peso
CRC Costa Rican colón
CUP Cuban peso
DOP Dominican peso
GHS Ghanaian cedi
INR Indian rupee
ILS Israeli new sheqel
JPY Japanese yen
KZT Kazakhstani tenge
LAK Lao kip
MXN Mexican peso
NGN Nigerian naira
KPW North Korean won
PYG Paraguayan guaraní
PHP Philippine peso
SVC Salvadoran colón
KRW South Korean won
TRY Turkish new lira
UYI Uruguay Peso
UYU Uruguayan peso
VND Vietnamese Dong
Toggle navigation
Home
Releases
Labels
Artists
Producers
Remixers
Music Publishing
Contact us
Login
Register
Clear Search
All
Tracks
Releases
Catalog No
Artist
Writer
Publisher
Producer
Remixes By
All
Terms And Conditions
Privacy Policy
Support & FAQs
About Easy Street
Contact Easy Street
Privacy Statement & Policy
Easy Street Records International Corp. ("ESR") provides this online privacy statement for the benefit of users of this site.
This privacy policy describes the collection and use of personal information on this website by ESR.
This Privacy Policy applies only to the Easy Street Records Digital Download store ("ESR DDS") operated by ESR and does not apply to any other sites which are owned or operated by ESR.
ESR gathers personal information during the Checkout process should you place an order to purchase products on the ESR DDS. This information is used to enable processing and fulfillment of your order. At no other time is any personally identifiable information collected on the ESR DDS. The only information gathered during the Checkout process is customer, billing and shipping information, including customer name, e-mail address, telephone number, mailing address and credit card details. Your customer information is only made available to third-party credit card processing organizations to facilitate payment of your order and to third-party shipping, handling and order fulfillment service providers to permit the delivery of your order. Your customer information is also made available to ESR who safeguard it in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We do not sell or otherwise distribute any list containing customer information of any sort. At all times, we are committed to protecting your privacy.
ESR DDS does not permanently store your credit card number in any way. Once payment for your order is processed (and either approved or rejected), your credit card number is discarded to prevent any potential unauthorized use.
ESR DDS does not collect personally identifiable information about visitors except when specifically and knowingly provided by such individuals. Personal information collected through this website is saved in the ESR DDS contact database where it may be combined with any pre-existing contact information in the database. If you should provide ESR DDS with your e-mail address as part of a newsletter subscription, we will never provide that e-mail address directly to third-party advertisers unless it is clearly mentioned at the time of sign-up or unless you directly provide us with written permission to do so. We will deliver the e-mail products from ESR via e-mail until you request that we unsubscribe you. You will always have the opportunity to unsubscribe and discontinue future e-mails at your discretion.
The ESR DDS has appropriate physical, managerial and electronic security measures in place to safeguard and help protect against the loss the loss, misuse, unauthorized access and alteration of the information under our control.
ESR DDS uses "cookies" to maintain your session on the website and track the products you have chosen to add to your Shopping Cart. Cookies are not used to store any personally identifiable information. Consequently, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and click stream data.
If you have questions concerning the ESR DDS Privacy Policy or your personal data, please contact us at: support@easystreetrecords.com.
Terms And Conditions
Privacy Policy
Support & FAQs
About Easy Street
Contact Easy Street
Terms And Conditions
Privacy Policy
Support & FAQs
About Easy Street
Contact Easy Street
Copyright © 1983 - 2020 Easy Street Records International Corp. Unauthorized reproduction or duplication of copyrighted material is a violation of applicable laws and will be subject to civil and/or criminal prosecution.
Pop Up Two
Maecenas a ullamcorper ex. Sed sit amet tincidunt turpis. Integer nec quam a neque gravida cursus id sed mauris. Sed sed facilisis tellus.