http://www.supplytechnologies.com/privacy
UK/Ireland Site India Site
Request Free Quote or Process Analysis
OVERVIEW & LOCATIONS   PARTNER PORTAL  |  CONTACT
About
Business Overview
Total Supply Mgt
Contact
Our Advantage
Custom Programs
Seamless Implementation
Efficiency/Profitability Support
Supply Chain Mgt
Customer Testimonials
Market Segments
Products
Literature
Blog
Your Information is Secure
[PRIVACY POLICY]
Privacy Notice
Last Updated on May 24, 2018
Supply Technologies (“we”, “us”, or “our”) may, from time to time, collect personal data from certain individuals who are outside our company, such as:
Individual representatives of our current or potential customers, vendors, and other business partners (“Partners”);
Individuals who are applying for employment with us (“Applicants”); and
Individual visitors of our websites (“Visitors”) (Partners, Applicants, and Visitors are referred to collectively as “you” or “your”).
We are committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Notice explains your privacy rights regarding our processing, collection, use, sharing, and storage of your personal data.
Please contact our Compliance Office at pkoh.compliance@pkoh.com with any requests, questions, or concerns relating to this Privacy Notice.
PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT AND PURPOSES OF USE
Your personal data is collected by various means, including emails, phone calls, regular mail, meetings, and electronic forms available on our websites (the “Sites”) or other websites. We collect and process personal data from you only for lawful reasons, such as our legitimate interests or to fulfill our legal or contractual obligations.
We collect the following types of personal data, which are usually publicly available or voluntarily provided by you:
Name
Address
Email
Phone Number
Fax
Employer, job title, and other professional or work-related information
Information you provide on a job application, resume, or CV, such as: education, employment history, qualifications, and professional licenses
We may collect personal financial or bank data in rare circumstances. The vast majority of the financial and bank data we collect is company-level (i.e., non-personal) data.
We use your personal data for the following internal business purposes:
Sell, market, and produce our products and services
Communicate with you and provide customer service
Process, pay, and issue invoices
Conduct credit checks
Conduct interviews and evaluate Applicants
THIRD PARTY SHARING
We never share your personal data with third parties for their sales or marketing purposes. We only share your personal data with third parties for the business purposes described above, our internal operations, and to comply with our contractual or legal obligations. We may transfer your personal data to:
Customer relationship management (CRM) tools to enhance and organize our sales, marketing, and customer service efforts
IT service providers to process business emails and for data backup purposes
Recruiting companies to help us find new employees
Our Partners for the purpose of providing our products and services
Our affiliate companies for data backup purposes and for the internal business purposes set forth above
YOUR RIGHTS
If you live in the European Union (“EU”), European Economic Area (“EEA”), United Kingdom (“UK”), or Switzerland, you have certain rights regarding your personal data, including:
You may request access to your personal data and obtain information about our processing of your personal data, with whom we share your personal data, and your rights.
You may request that we restrict our processing of your personal data.
You may object to our processing of your personal data.
Where we process personal data based on your consent, you may withdraw your consent.
You may correct personal data that is inaccurate and have incomplete personal data completed.
You may request that we delete your personal data or return or provide a copy of it to you.
To submit a question or concern about your rights, please email our Compliance Office at pkoh.compliance@pkoh.com.
STORAGE AND SECURITY
We store your personal data for as long as required for the business purposes for which it was collected and processed. We take security seriously and implement reasonable and appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect the personal data we collect from improper use, unauthorized access, and external threats.
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
The personal data we collect within your country may be transferred outside of your country among our affiliates or with third parties for the business purposes described in this Privacy Notice. As required by applicable law, we utilize appropriate safeguards, such as standard contractual clauses or privacy certification mechanisms, approved by applicable data protection authorities, when we transfer personal data across international borders. You may request information about our appropriate safeguards by contacting our Compliance Office at pkoh.compliance@pkoh.com.
COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES
Our Sites use cookies, which are pieces of data that a website can transfer to an individual’s computer hard drive for record keeping purposes, to enhance your browser experience, and for research and analytics. Cookies may remain on your computer after your internet session finishes and you leave our Site, but you can usually delete them through your browser controls or other system utilities. Supply Technologies utilizes session and persistent cookies on our Site to help keep track of your information when you revisit our Sites and as you move from webpage to webpage during your visits. Our hosting platform and third party analytics providers, like Google, also set cookies when you visit our Site for research and analytics purposes, which helps us understand how you are using our Site so that we can improve our products and services.  You have options to control or limit how we or our partners use cookies and similar technologies. For more information, please see www.allaboutcookies.org/cookies.
LINKS TO OTHER SITES
Our Sites may contain links to other third party websites. We do not control the personal data collection methods of third party websites that can be reached through links from our Sites. We encourage you to be aware when you are leaving our Sites and to read the privacy statements of any third party website that collects your personal data.
CHILDREN
Our Sites are not intended for children under 18 years of age, and we do not knowingly solicit or collect information from individuals under the age of 18.   If we learn that we have collected personal data from a person under the age of 18, we will take reasonable steps to delete that information.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY NOTICE
If we modify this Privacy Notice, we will post the updated version on our Sites. It is your responsibility to periodically review this Privacy Notice, and you are bound by any changes to the Privacy Notice by using our Sites, products, or services after such changes have been posted.
CONTACT INFORMATION
Our Sites are owned and operated by Supply Technologies. If you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Notice or your rights, please contact us or email our Compliance Office at pkoh.compliance@pkoh.com. If you live in the EU, EEA, UK, or Switzerland, you have the right to lodge a complaint regarding your personal data with an applicable supervisory authority.
Supply Technologies and Total Supply Management are trademarks of Supply Technologies LLC.
All other trademarks are the properties of their respective companies.
Privacy Policy