http://www.caisafety.com/privacy-policy/#privacy-policy
Privacy / Terms & Conditions
HomePrivacy / Terms & Conditions
Privacy / Terms & ConditionsDon2020-11-24T10:52:20-08:00
Privacy / Terms & Conditions
CAI SAFETY SYSTEMS, INC. (CAISS)
LAST UPDATED: October 28, 2020
Privacy PolicyWHAT PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT AND WHY WE COLLECT ITCAISS collects personally identifiable information, such as your name, address, telephone number, or e-mail address, only if you provide this information to us voluntarily. The voluntary information we collect is used to complete transactions; ensure appropriate legal use of licensed CAISS software; provide notification to licensees about updates to CAISS and our affiliates’ software, data, and services; and help provide technical and product support to our users. Where appropriate, CAISS may pass this data to an CAISS international distributor that provides the above services in your country, or to an CAISS affiliate or vendor whose software, data, and services are used to meet your needs or process transactions. Our affiliates and vendors are also committed to protecting personally identifiable information as described in their privacy statements/policies.
CAISS collects credit card information if a payment is made through our online Checkout payment portal by the customer or administrator. The credit card information is stored on our payment gateway administration server and is protected and secured from all persons, including employees working at CAISS. A credit card is only charged upon approval and consent from its rightful owner.
CAISS may also use your name, address, and e-mail to send you marketing materials, User Conference information, and newsletters unless you notify us that you do not want to receive these materials. Occasionally, CAISS uses the services of bonded mailing houses that are authorized to use your personally identifiable data only for the benefit of CAISS and its affiliates.
While browsing the CAISS website, you may be able to access the websites of our affiliates and third parties through a hyperlink. CAISS assumes no responsibility for the privacy practices of third parties’ websites and suggests you review the privacy statements/policies on such websites before sharing your personally identifiable data.
COLLECTIONCertain information, such as the Internet Protocol (IP) address of your computer, may be stored through the use of “cookies” intended to speed access to CAISS information and services. A cookie is a small file that can be used to tell us when you visit our websites and track your browsing preferences. CAISS does not use cookies to store information such as credit card numbers, telephone numbers, or other information you provide. To maintain your privacy, you can disable your browser’s ability to accept cookies.
CAISS websites and software installation may require registration to gain access to special services, authorization codes, license keys, or other features. This information will be used to provide support and deliver specialized services.
CAISS may also collect personally identifiable information you provide when you order and register software, data, or services; enter contests; order newsletters; register for training or conferences; or make requests that require a direct response to you.
CAISS website uses third-party web analytics services that collect and aggregate web surfing data. These services may record your mouse clicks, mouse movements, scrolling activity, and any text you type in the website. The services do not collect personally identifiable information that you do not voluntarily enter in CAISS website and do not track your browsing habits across websites that do not use the services.
CHOICEIf you submit personal information, CAISS may contact you or send you marketing information about software or services. If you do not wish to receive this information, you may notify us by sending an email to info@caisafety.com as indicated below. Keep in mind, however, that you may not receive information on the CAISS International User Conference or other valuable information as a result of your election to be removed from mailing lists.
Other than as described in this Privacy Policy, CAISS will not disclose or authorize others to disclose your personally identifiable information unless required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to (1) conform to legal requirements or prevent fraud or imminent harm, (2) protect and defend the rights or property of CAISS, or (3) as part of a transfer of assets to a successor in interest.
Except as stated, CAISS does not rent, sell, or otherwise share personally identifiable information.
ACCESSCAISS will permit you to access information about you in our database by contacting info@caisafety.com. If you believe any of the information is incorrect or needs updating, please advise us. We will correct our records upon verification of the requested change. If you no longer wish to receive e-mail or postal notifications about software, services, or special promotions, please let us know by sending an e-mail to us at info@CAISS.com and specifying that you do not want to receive these notifications. Please provide us with your exact name and address as well as a description of the publication or mail piece you received. We will use reasonable efforts to refrain from including you when sending marketing materials to CAISS clients by noting your election in our database.
SECURITYCAISS will take reasonable and prudent precautions to ensure that your personally identifiable data is protected against unauthorized access, use, or disclosure.
ENFORCEMENTIf you believe for any reason that CAISS has not followed these principles, please contact us at info@caisafety.com, and CAISS will act promptly to investigate, correct as appropriate, and advise you of the correction. Please identify the issue as a Privacy Policy concern in your communication to CAISS.
POLICY MODIFICATIONSWe may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If and/or when CAISS makes changes to this Privacy Policy, the updated version will be posted on this page. We encourage you to visit this page periodically.
General Terms of UsePRODUCT USE & COMPLIANCEIMPORTANT NOTICE: By purchasing a product(s) from our store, the buyer agrees to use these product(s) in strict conformance to the manufacturer’s instructions as well as OSHA and ANSI fall protection requirements. Any modifications or changes to the product are strictly forbidden without the written consent of CAISS. Failure to comply with this requirement may result in serious injury or death. If buyer has any questions on the proper use of the product, please contact CAISS for assistance at (951) 465-7386 or webstore@caisafety.com
FREIGHT POLICYAll prices are Freight On Buyer (F.O.B.) shipping point.
Freight pricing sent in proposals/quotes to customers are estimates only and valid for just one week from date of proposal and subject to change. If freight cost changes at time of shipping we will request your approval for additional costs prior to shipping or provide you with an option to arrange your own shipping.
LAST UPDATED: October 1, 2019
ONLINE PAYMENTS vs MANUALLY PROCESSED PAYMENTSPayment options are as follows:
Credit card processing fee (through online website checkout): 2.9% (excluding tax).
Credit Card processing fee with Purchase Order: Orders below $500 – 10%. Orders over $500 – 5%.
Direct Bank Transfer/ACH payment through online website checkout OR with Purchase Order: $0.00 processing fees.
Check payment through online website checkout OR with Purchase Order: $0.00 processing fees.
!!! Please note that your order will not be processed until the funds have been cleared in our account !!!
LAST UPDATED: October 1, 2019
FOR OUR TAX-EXEMPT CUSTOMERSCAISS DOES NOT COLLECT SALES TAX if our customers have a tax exemption or if we have your exemption certificate on file. At Online Checkout, you are given the option to Add your Tax Exempt Certificate. For returning customers who have already added their Tax Exempt Certificate at checkout, will be able to Edit or Delete their certificate. Let us know prior to ordering that you are Tax Exempt.
SUBMITTING YOUR TAX EXEMPT CERTIFICATE: When applying Tax Exempt Certificates with your order on our Online Store Checkout page, CAISS does not charge Sales Tax to our customers for that order. Once we receive your order after payment, we will request our customers to submit a copy of their Original Tax Exempt Certificate to CAISS for verification and filing purposes. If a customer is not able to provide a copy of their Original Tax Exempt Certificate to CAISS after the order has been placed, CAISS will charge the customer the required Sales Tax to process and complete their order.
LAST UPDATED: October 1, 2019
SALES TAX POLICYIMPORTANT NOTICE: Even if we do not collect sales tax from you, you may owe sales tax on your purchase. Some US states most likely requires purchasers to report and pay tax on all purchases that are not taxed at the time of sale. The tax may be reported and paid on your individual income tax return or by filing a consumer use tax return. For more information, please visit your state’s department of revenue website.
CAISS COLLECTS SALES TAX in states where we have physical presence (or nexus), including California. Our online checkout portal automatically calculates Sales Tax based on the City, State, and Zip Code associated with the purchase. For all other orders, our staff will inform you about whether we are required to collect tax from you. California is a state in which we will always collect Sales Tax, unless you provide a Tax Exemption or Resale Certificate.
CAISS DOES NOT COLLECT SALES TAX in any state that is not required for CAISS to collect sales tax.
FOR CANADA & MEXICO CUSTOMERS ONLY: As the recipient of this order, the duties, taxes, port handling fees and other customs charges, which will not be included as part of your order, are the “SOLE” responsibility of the customer making the purchase.
MANUALLY PROCESSES ORDERS ONLY: Manual Orders are orders that are processed that have not been placed through our Online Webstore. In this case, CAISS does not collect Sales Tax from any state with the exception of California. It is the duty of our customers to report their Sales Tax to their respective jurisdiction.
LAST UPDATED: October 1, 2019
CANCELLATION & REFUNDSAll cancelled orders, even if not shipped, are subject to a minimum $100 cancellation fee.
Restocking may not be an option for custom orders.
PRODUCT PRICINGAll products and prices are subject to change without prior notice.
OUR PRICE MATCHING POLICYCAISS is happy to match most United States based competitor’s current online advertised prices on identical items we carry in our online store. Excludes custom engineered systems.
Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ’s):
What is a “United States based competitor”?
A United States based competitor refers to a brick and mortar business located in the continental United States of America.
What is a “current online advertised price”?
A current online advertised price refers to the price for products shown in the competitor’s online store. The price must be valid when you present it. The price must be for an online purchase.
What is an “identical item”?
An identical item refers to an item that is the same brand, style, color, quantity, size, model number, weight, etc. We reserve the right to verify the competitor’s advertised price, item specifications, and availability.
What type of proof do I need to provide?
Please email us the competitor’s web page, so we can see the entirety of the item description and pricing information.
What if I already made my purchase?
Depending on where your order is in our pipeline it may not be possible to price match an order that has already been processed. Call us to find out what we can do for you.
Are there any other guidelines or limitations?
We do not match the following types of pricing:
– A competitor’s free, special, or bundled offers, rebates, clearance or closeout prices.
– A competitor’s prices on damaged or used merchandise.
– Sales tax promotions.
– Prices for services.
– Coupon-required or gift card offers.
– Competitor’s private label price promotions.
– Prices or discounts associated with credit cards.
We also do not honor the following types of ads:
– Ads where the original price or the sale price cannot be determined from the ad.
– Expired Ads.
– Ads with misprinted prices or associated with an ad disclaimer.
COMPLIANCE WITH LAWThe Purchaser of product intended for shipment outside the U.S. is responsible for compliance with all applicable U.S. laws, regulations, and export requirements. Purchaser is also responsible for compliance with any local laws or standards applicable to the import of CAISS products.
RETURNS & EXCHANGESBoth Authorization and a Return Number must be issued by the factory on all returns.
Credit will not be issued for custom built items. Only unused, stock items with a purchase date of two (2) months or less will be considered for return.
Authorized returns will only be accepted for credit toward future purchases from CAISS, less a minimum 15% restocking charge or other handling charges, or costs. For returns, ensure return number is visibly marked on the exterior of all packages. Customer will be advised by CAISS for returns.
SHORTAGES OR ERRORSClaims for shortages or errors in delivery must be made within ten (10) days after receipt of goods and all other claims must be made within one (1) year thereafter.
DAMAGED GOODSFrom and after the delivery of goods covered, hereby to a common carrier, or other carrier specified by purchaser, all risk of damage to such goods shall be upon purchaser and the carrier. All damage claims shall be made to the carrier by purchaser; however, CAISS will assist insofar as practical in securing satisfactory adjustment of said claims.
GOVERNING LAWCalifornia State Laws shall govern. Any legal action based on an order must be filed in a court of competent jurisdiction in California.
ANTI-CORRUPTIONPurchaser will not pay or transfer anything of value to any government official or employee to unlawfully or improperly sell CAISS products or services.
WARRANTY TO END USERCAISS warrants to the original end user (“End User”) that its products are free from defects in materials and workmanship under normal use and service. This warranty extends for the lifetime of the product from the date the product is purchased by the End User, in new and unused condition, from a CAISS authorized distributor. CAISS’s entire liability to End User and End User’s exclusive remedy under this warranty is limited to the repair or replacement in kind of any defective product within its lifetime (as CAISS in its sole discretion determines and deems appropriate). No oral or written information or advice given by CAISS, its distributors, directors, officers, agents or employees shall create any different or additional warranties or in any way increase the scope of this warranty. CAISS will not accept liability for defects that are the result of product abuse, misuse, alteration or modification, or for defects that are due to a failure to install, maintain, or use the product in accordance with the manufacturer’s instructions.
CAISS’S WARRANTY APPLIES ONLY TO THE END USER. THIS WARRANTY IS THE ONLY WARRANTY APPLICABLE TO OUR PRODUCTS AND IS IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER WARRANTIES AND LIABILITIES, EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED. CAISS EXPRESSLY EXCLUDES AND DISCLAIMS ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY NATURE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOST PROFITS, REVENUES, OR PRODUCTIVITY, OR FOR BODILY INJURY OR DEATH OR LOSS OR DAMAGE TO PROPERTY, UNDER ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, CONTRACT, WARRANTY, STRICT LIABILITY, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHER LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY.
APPLICABILITYAbove Terms and Conditions pertain to the products offered by CAISS USA, 1609 S Grove Ave, Ste 104, Ontario CA 91761-4542. CAISS products are designed to perform as a complete system. CAISS, therefore reserves the right to refuse orders for individual components not intended for use in the complete system.
ENTIRE CONTRACTAll orders are subject to written acceptance by CAISS. This acknowledgement and the purchase order of the purchaser constitute the entire agreement of purchase and sale between the parties. Should any of the terms and conditions of purchaser’s order be in conflict with or in any way inconsistent with the terms and conditions herein, the same shall not be considered applicable to this agreement of purchase and sale. No waiver, alteration or modification of any of the provisions herein shall be binding upon CAISS, unless in writing and signed by an executive of CAISS, at Corona, California.
Copyrights & TrademarksCOPYRIGHTS & TRADEMARKSCAISS Proprietary Rights Acknowledgment
Copyright © 1997-2014 CAISS. All rights reserved. Published in the United States of America.
The information contained in this work is the exclusive property of Environmental Systems Research Institute, Inc., and any respective copyright owners. This work is protected under United States copyright law and other international copyright treaties and conventions.
CAISS grants the recipient of the CAISS information contained within the CAISS.com Web site the right to freely reproduce, redistribute, rebroadcast, and/or retransmit this information for personal, noncommercial purposes, including teaching, classroom use, scholarship, and/or research, subject to the fair use rights enumerated in sections 107 and 108 of the Copyright Act (Title 17 of the United States Code). All copies, whether in whole or in part, shall include the appropriate CAISS copyright notice.
No part of this work may be reproduced or transmitted for commercial purposes, in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying and recording, or by any information storage or retrieval system, except as expressly permitted in writing by CAISS. Requests by mail should be addressed to Contracts Manager, CAI Safety Systems, Inc. (CAISS), 1609 S Grove Ave, Ste 104, Ontario CA 91761-4542, USA.
DISCLAIMERThe home page has been produced for informational purposes as a service to CAISS end users and the geographic information system (GIS) community. Any listing and/or posting of third-party promotional information and/or materials, including, but not limited to, any subpage(s), copy, software, scripts, and/or data, should not be construed as an endorsement by CAISS. Any further information and/or support for all third-party information and/or materials listed and/or posted herein are provided directly by the respective third party. Because the Internet is not a secure network, CAISS recommends that any materials downloaded from the home page be checked for computer viruses prior to use so as to avoid any potential damage to your system, software, and/or data.
WARRANTY AND LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITYTHE INFORMATION AND/OR MATERIALS CONTAINED HEREIN ARE PROVIDED “AS IS,” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
CAISS shall not be liable for direct, indirect, special, incidental, or consequential damages related to your decision to use any of the information and/or materials listed and/or posted on this home page, even if CAISS is advised of the possibility of such damage.
Media Terms of UseMEDIA RELATIONS TERMS OF USE AND GUIDELINESThe information contained in this work is the exclusive property of CAI Safety Systems, Inc. (CAISS), and any respective copyright owners. This work is protected under United States copyright law and other international copyright treaties and conventions.
CAISS grants the recipient of the CAISS information contained within the CAISS.com Web site the right to freely reproduce, redistribute, rebroadcast, and/or retransmit this information for personal, noncommercial purposes, including teaching, classroom use, scholarship, and/or research, subject to the fair use rights enumerated in sections 107 and 108 of the Copyright Act (Title 17 of the United States Code). All copies, whether in whole or in part, shall include the appropriate CAISS copyright notice.
No part of this work may be reproduced or transmitted for commercial purposes, in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying and recording, or by any information storage or retrieval system, except as expressly permitted in writing by CAISS. Requests by mail should be addressed to Contracts Manager, CAI Safety Systems, Inc. (CAISS), 1609 S Grove Ave, Ste 104, Ontario CA 91761-4542, USA.
To get additional information and request quotes, contact CAI Safety Systems, Inc. at
— 951-465-7386 —
Request more information / Request a Quote online
Get in touch
CONTACT INFORMATION
For more contact info, visit Contact Page/Form or System Specific Contact Forms.
CAI Safety Systems, Inc.
ADDRESS: 1609 S Grove Ave, Ste 104, Ontario CA 91761-4542
PHONE / FAX: +1 (951) 465-7386 / +1 (951) 405-2796
EMAIL: webstore@caisafety.com
WORKING DAYS/HOURS: Mon - Fri / 8:00 am - 5:00 pm PT
QUICK LINKSFall Protection Safety Store
CAI Custom Engineered Systems
Fall Protection Downloads
Fall Protection Safety Videos
Fall Protection Safety Blog
ANSI Fall Protection Regulations & Standards
OSHA Fall Protection Regulations & Standards
Sitemap
OSHA / ANSI COMPLIANCE
CAI Safety Systems, Inc. has been providing Safety Compliance since 1997. Educate yourself about Occupational Safety & Health Administration (OSHA) and American National Standards Institute (ANSI). See all System Compliance Ratings here.
OSHA & CAL-OSHA Compliance 100%ANSI Compliance 100%
Copyright © CAI Safety Systems, Inc. 2020 | All Rights Reserved v2.0.1Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Sitemap | Report Errors/Broken Links
Systems
Guardrail Fall Prevention
Roof Non-penetrating Guardrails
Roof Permanent/Fixed Guardrails
Loading Dock/Mezzanine Guardrails
Gate & Guardrail Kit for Roof Ladder
Flatbed Truck Mounted Guardrail
Portable Cable Guardrail
Industrial Safety Gates
Single Self-Closing Safety Gate
Split Self-Closing Safety Gate
Gate & Guardrail Kit for Roof Ladder
Single Opening Cantilever Gate
Split Opening Cantilever Gate
Mezzanine Safety Gates
Horizontal Mezzanine Safety Gate
Vertical Mezzanine Safety Gate
Pallet Self-Closing Safety Gate
Mini Dual Mezzanine Safety Gate
Mega Dual Mezzanine Safety Gate
Pallet Rack Safety Gate
Roof Hatches & Skylights
Roof Non-penetrating Hatch Guard
Roof Hatch Fixed Guardrail
Fixed Roof Dome Skylight Screens
Non-penetrating Skylight Cover Guard
Non-penetrating Skylight Guardrail
Standing Seam & Corrugated Skylights
Ladder Fall Arrest
Ladder Cable Fall Arrest
Ladder Cable Fall Arrest for Roof Hatch
Ladder Cable for Steel Pole & Wood Pole
Ladder Rigid Track Fall Arrest
Fixed Ladder SRL Fall Arrest Anchor
Fall Protection Anchors
Counterweight Anchors
Freestanding Anchors
Fixed Roof Anchors
Portable Vacuum Anchor
Counterweight Roof Anchor
Portable Safety Ladders
Standard Ladder w/ Enclosed Work Platform
Compact Ladder w/ Enclosed Work Platform
Adaptive Step Ladder
Extension Ladder
Industrial Step Ladders
Warning Lines
Portable Non-penetrating Warning Lines
Permanent Non-penetrating Warning Lines
Fixed Warning Lines for Roof Metal Decks
Overhead Fall Protection
Fixed Overhead System
Outdoor Freestanding
Hangar Positioning Bridge
Swing-Arm / Fold-Away
Platforms & Gangways
Portable Access Platform
Single Hatch Access Platform w/ Gangway
Single Track Mounted Gangway
Access Gangways
Applications
Aircraft & Hangar
Portable/Mobile Anchors
Hangar Positioning Bridge
Hangar Horizontal Lifeline
Railcar & Tank Cars
Platforms & Gangways
Railcar Portable/Mobile Anchors
Outdoor Freestanding
Overhead Building Mounted
Roof & Leading Edge
Guardrail Systems
Ladder Fall Arrest Systems
Roof Hatches
Roof Skylight Systems
Roof Warning Lines
Fixed Roof Anchors
Roof Horizontal Lifeline
Truck, Flatbed & Tanker
Platforms & Gangways
Truck Portable/Mobile Anchors
Truck Bay Systems
Flatbed Truck Mounted Guardrail
Outdoor Freestanding
Tanker Truck Mounted
Bus & RV
Bus Portable/Mobile Anchors
Fixed Overhead System
Swing-Arm / Fold-Away
Ladder & Openings
Ladder Fall Arrest Systems
Ladder/Opening Safety Gates
Grab Bars for Ladderways
Loading Dock & Bay
Cantilever Gates
Loading Dock/Bay Guardrails
Tank & Water Reservoir
Ladder Fall Arrest Systems
Ladder/Opening Safety Gates
Tank / Reservoir Anchor
Mezzanine
Mezzanine Safety Gates
Overhead Crane Rail
Crane Rail Horizontal Lifeline
Store
All Buyout Categories
Fall Protection Anchors Points
Guardrails
Ladder Fall Arrest
Loading Dock Gates
Mezzanine Safety Gates
Platforms & Gangways
Portable Safety Ladders
Roof Hatches
Roof Skylights
Self-Closing Safety Gates
Warning Lines
Fall Protection User Equipment
Top Rated Products
Steel Non-penetrating GuardrailsCALC
Steel Non-penetrating & Fixed GuardrailsCALC
Aluminum Non-penetrating GuardrailsNEW
Aluminum Fixed Mounted GuardrailsCALC
Fixed Mounted GuardrailsCALC
Counterweight Roof Anchor with D-ring
Single Self-Closing Safety Gate
Split Self-Closing Safety Gate
Fixed Roof Dome Skylight Screens
Pallet Self-Closing Safety Gate
Ladder Cable Fall Arrest
Ladder Rigid Track Fall ArrestNEW
Roof Non-penetrating Hatch Guard
Portable Access Platform
User Equipment
Beam Glyders
Carabiners
Full Body Harnesses
Lanyards (Regular)
Lanyards (Leading Edge)
Rescue Devices
Roofer’s Compliance KitsNEW
Rope Grabs
Self-Retracting Lifelines (SRL’s)
Trolleys
Labels & Warning Signs
Self-Retracting Lifeline (SRL) Repair
Product Recall / Replace
System Accessories
Aluminum Fixed Mounted Guardrails
Steel NP Guardrails
Steel NP & Fixed Guardrails
Fixed Mounted Guardrails
Horizontal Mezz Gate
Vertical Mezzanine Gate
Ladder Fall Arrest
Portable Vacuum Anchor
Single Self-Closing Gate
Split Self-Closing Gate
Warning Lines
View all categories
Services
Site Survey
Design & Engineering
Custom Manufacturing
Site Installation
Safety Training
Annual Certification & Repair
Training
Competent Person
Authorized Person
Train the Trainer Person
Resources
System Literature/Manual Downloads
System Safety Compliance Codes
System Specific ‘Request Quote’ Forms
My Account / Orders
My Client Portal
Portal Login (Client only)
Register for an Account
Contact / Request QuotesDownloads
System Specific Quotes
My Account / Register
Cart
Log In