http://www.usitt.org/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
At the United States Institute for Theatre Technology, Inc. (“USITT”), we understand and respect your concerns about privacy and security and will do our best to provide a convenient and safe online experience. This Privacy Policy describes what information we collect, how we may use that information, how we share that information, and how we protect that information. This policy applies to our USITT.org website (the “Site”) and constitutes part of our Terms and Conditions of Use. Periodically, we may update this Privacy Policy and encourage you to check this section for any changes.
What personal information do we collect?
Personal information is information about an identifiable individual, which includes name, address, email address, telephone number, and other information that identifies you. We do not require anyone to share any personal information in order to enjoy the Site, which means you can visit the Site without any need to register with us. If you choose to register, we will collect only the personal information that is needed to administer our business, allow you to utilize the full capabilities of the Site, provide superior services to our members, and communicate information relating to our products and services that we believe to be of interest to our members.
We may also automatically collect certain information describing your visit, such as your IP address and browser information. We collect information in the aggregate—on an anonymous basis—and may use it to evaluate the ease of use and convenience of our Site and to make further improvements.
We and some of our third-party service providers use cookies on our Site. A cookie is a small text file written by an Internet server to a website user's browser where information is exchanged between them, and which is stored on a computer's hard drive to allow us to recognize and track users on our Site to assist us in providing users with a productive online experience. Cookies enable us to store information about your use of our Site such as the areas you visit and the length of your stay. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies and can be reset by using the "Help" portion of the toolbar to refuse all cookies or indicate when a cookie is being sent. Should you choose to disable any cookies associated with the Site, you will not be able to take full advantage of all the Site's features, but you should be able to navigate the Site without difficulty.
We may also use a third party to help us gather and analyze information about the areas that you visit on the Site to evaluate and improve the client experience and the convenience of the Site, and to help us evaluate some of the specific information that you provide to us.
How do we use the information we collect?
When we collect information from you, we may use it for a number of purposes, including to: Identify your preferences so that we can notify you of new or additional services, features, promotions, events or special offerings relating to our business that might be of interest to you; improve service selections and member service; invite you to participate in member research; measure the advertising effectiveness of our online and other advertisements and events; respond to your comments and inquiries; and help us understand Site activity and improve your use of our Site.
In order for us to maintain the accuracy of your personal information and improve our communication with you, we may also combine the information we collect with other public demographic information.
USITT postal mailing lists are made available only to USITT members and related organizations. Members may express or change their preferences for sharing personal information upon joining or renewing their membership, registering for events, or by contacting us.
This Site is not purposefully directed at children under the age of 13. We do not collect or maintain personal information, via the Site or otherwise, from those we actually know are children under 13 years of age. If you are under 13, you should not submit any personal information to us. If you are the parent of a child under 13, please help us protect your child’s privacy by instructing them never to provide personal information on this Site or any other without your permission.
Who do we share your information with?
We may aggregate user information to study trends or member demographics, or we may use personal information to offer products or services to you consistent with the purposes identified in this Privacy Policy.
We may also share certain personal information we collect about you with third parties who perform services for us or with whom we contract for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. For example, we may use third parties to host our Site, operate certain of its features, send emails, print or send mailings, conduct research, and manage and analyze data and our advertising effectiveness. These third-party service providers are given the information that they need to perform their designated functions and we do not authorize them to use or disclose your personal information for their own or any others' marketing purposes.
On rare occasions, we may also be required to disclose your information as is required by law pursuant to lawful requests such as subpoenas, court or agency orders, or as we may reasonably determine to be necessary to protect our rights or the rights of others, to avert harm to persons or property, or to enforce this Privacy Policy.
Finally, our Site may contain links to other sites that are not owned or operated by USITT. These include links to sites hosted by our service providers or partners where, for example, they provide security services or administer promotional programs. Also, links to our Site may be featured on other websites on which we advertise. These links are not intended to be referrals or endorsements of the linked or host sites, and USITT does not warrant, represent or assume any responsibility or liability for the accuracy, security, completeness or operation of any linked site (or any site contained in a linked site) or any host site, or the practices or privacy and other policies contained in any linked site (or any site contained in a linked site) or any host site. We advise you to familiarize yourself, therefore, with the specific legal, privacy and security information contained in any such linked or host sites.
How do we protect your information?
We employ various security measures designed to help protect the personal information that we collect from you online. For example, we require that those with access to your personal information commit to us in writing that they will not use or disclose your information outside the scope of this Privacy Policy. Unfortunately, no collection or transmission of information over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, and therefore, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any such information.
You can opt out of receiving promotional email from us by indicating that preference when you contact us, by following the “unsubscribe” instructions at the bottom of any emails we may send you, or by calling us to request that we remove you from our mailing list.
If you have questions regarding our Privacy Policy, or if you wish to update the personal information you have provided to us, you may do so by:
Writing to us at the following address:
United States Institute for Theatre Technology, Inc.
290 Elwood Davis Rd., Suite 100
Liverpool, NY 13088
Or calling us at: 800-938-7488
Thank you for reading our Privacy Policy. We hope you have a better understanding of the many activities offered on our Site and the ways in which we are committed to safeguarding online privacy. Please do not hesitate to contact us with questions, comments or concerns.