https://www.budind.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Last updated May 25, 2018
1. PRIVACY STATEMENT: Bud Industries respects the privacy rights of its online visitors and recognizes the importance of protecting the personal information collected on its website. Bud Industries has adopted a Privacy Policy that guides how it collects, stores, and uses the information it collects from you online. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully before you use the services provided by Bud Industries.. Bud Industries has made a commitment to comply with all privacy and data protection requirements imposed by both the US Department of Commerce and the European Union (“EU”). This includes the recent General Data Protection Regulation. To that end, recipients of our electronic communications who have not affirmatively opted in to receive communications will be given an opportunity to do so. Opt-out links will also be provided in all of our electronic communications and on our site to unsubscribe from future communications.
2. TYPE OF INFORMATION COLLECTED: In order to service our customers and facilitate future communications and interaction with customers and prospects, Bud Industries collect and store information on our site thru the use of “cookies”. Personal information collected may include your name, company name, e-mail address, phone number, company address, and your position with the company. We collect and store only the information required for these purposes. For contacts located in the EU, you will be provided an opportunity to opt into our system by accepting the terms and conditions of both our electronic communications process and website use before we use a “cookie” to collect and store information.
3. USE OF YOUR INFORMATION: By using Bud Industries’ web-site, you agree that Bud Industries may use personally identifiable information about you to improve its marketing and promotional efforts, to analyze site usage, improve content and product offerings, and customize the site’s content, layout and services. These uses improve Bud Industries’ site and better tailor it to meet your needs.
You agree that Bud Industries may use your information to contact you and deliver information to you that, in some cases, is targeted to your interests, such as targeted banner advertisements, administrative notices, product offerings, and communications relevant to your use of the site. By using Bud Industries’ services, you expressly agree to receive this information. If you do not wish to receive these communications, Bud Industries encourages you to opt out of the receipt of certain communications. In the EU, as noted in paragraph 2 above, you will need to opt into our system by accepting our collection and use of your information.
4. DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION: Bud Industries cannot ensure that it or other third parties will never disclose your private communications and other personally identifiable information in ways not otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. By way of example, without limiting the foregoing, certain circumstances may force Bud Industries to disclose information to the government or third parties, third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications, or users may abuse or misuse your information that they collect from our site. Therefore, although Bud Industries uses industry standard practices to protect your privacy, it does not promise, and you should not expect, that your personally identifiable information or private communications will always remain private. Upon request we will provide a complete copy of all information stored for the customer or prospective customer. We will also delete all information stored for marketing purposes, including your IP address, upon receipt of any request to delete the information by clicking this link. Bud Industries reserves the right to continue using the deleted stored information for any “lawful basis,” which includes customer collection purposes.
As a matter of policy, BUD INDUSTRIES DOES NOT sell or rent any personally identifiable information about you to any third party. However, in limited circumstances Bud Industries will provide your information to third parties. Bud Industries cooperates with law enforcement inquiries, as well as other third parties to investigate or enforce laws that exist to protect people’s rights. By using Bud Industries’ services, you authorize Bud Industries to, disclose any information about you to law enforcement or other governmental officials as Bud Industries, in its sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate, in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringements, or other activity that is illegal or may expose us or you to legal liability. Additionally, from time to time, companies and organizations approach Bud Industries to provide services or products that it believes is of interest to you, and Bud Industries may provide your personal information to these third parties, or it may send out notices on behalf of these companies. Bud Industries sees this as a value-added service helping you to find useful products or services. Bud Industries strives to limit use of the information you provide to those offers that it thinks you would appreciate receiving. You must opt-in to receive information from these third parties.
5. OTHER INFORMATION COLLECTORS: Except as otherwise expressly included in this Privacy Policy, this document only addresses the use and disclosure of information Bud Industries collects from you. To the extent that you disclose your information to other parties on Bud Industries’ site or other sites throughout the Internet, different rules may apply to their use or disclosure of the information you disclose to them. To the extent that Bud Industries uses third party advertisers, they adhere to their own privacy policies. Because Bud Industries does not control the privacy policies of third parties, you are subject to the privacy policies of that third party. Bud Industries encourages you to ask questions before you disclose your personal information to others.
6. SECURITY: Bud Industries will only collect personally identifiable information to the extent deemed reasonably necessary to serve its legitimate business purposes, and it will maintain appropriate safeguards to ensure the security, integrity and privacy of the information you provide. Bud Industries uses industry standard practices to safeguard the confidentiality of your personally identifiable information, including “firewalls.” Bud Industries treats data as an asset that it must protect from loss and unauthorized access by users inside and outside the company.
In some circumstances, Bud Industries will retain in its files information you have requested it to remove to resolve disputes, troubleshoot or enforce the Terms of Service. Further, Bud Industries can never completely remove prior information from its databases due to technical and legal constraints, including stored “back up” systems. Therefore, you should not expect complete removal of all of your personally identifiable information from its databases in response to your requests.
7. OTHER INFORMATION COLLECTORS: Except as otherwise expressly included in this Privacy Policy, this document only addresses the use and disclosure of information Bud Industries collects from you. To the extent that you disclose your information to other parties on Bud Industries’ site or other sites throughout the Internet, different rules may apply to their use or disclosure of the information you disclose to them. To the extent that Bud Industries uses third party advertisers, they adhere to their own privacy policies. Because Bud Industries does not control the privacy policies of third parties, you are subject to the privacy policies of that third party. Bud Industries encourages you to ask questions before you disclose your personal information to others.
All questions regarding our policy should be directed to saleswest@budind.com.