http://www.bankunitedfla.com/privacy
NEW SITE. NEW LOOK.CONTINUOUS COMMITMENT.
×We’re excited to announce that our newly redesigned website is now live!What's new?A fresh, modern designEasier navigationEnhanced user experienceAdaptive screen optimizationDiscover our redesigned site, learn about our products and services, and see how BankUnited can help you GO FOR MORE!Our website has been redesigned but online banking access has not changed.Log in by going to the green “Log In” button in the top, right corner and selecting your account service. Your username and password remains the same. For assistance, please call (877) 779-2265.Explore Now
PRIVACY
Your Privacy is Important to Us
At BankUnited, N.A. ("BankUnited", "We" or "Us"), we are committed to protecting the privacy of your financial information. This Online Privacy Policy explains how we collect, share, use and protect information obtained from you when you visit this site.
If you use our mobile and social media sites or pages, those sites and pages may have additional terms regarding the privacy of your information. Please review the terms and conditions of that site to understand how your information may be collected,
used or shared.
If you maintain an account with us or obtain any financial product or service from us, we will use and share any information that we collect from or about you in accordance with our BankUnited Consumer Privacy Notice. View/download a copy of our Privacy Policy
here, or obtain one by visiting one of our branches or calling our Client Care Center at (877) 779-BANK (2265).
We do not sell, rent or trade customer information with unaffiliated third parties
We take steps to protect the integrity of your data
Our Collection, Retention and Use of Customer Information:BankUnited collects, retains and uses information about customers only when we reasonably believe that it will help us administer our business or provide products, services or other opportunities. We use information to protect and administer your records, accounts and funds; to comply with certain laws and regulations; to help us design or improve our products and services; and to understand your financial needs and provide you with quality products.
The information we learn from you when you visit our website helps us personalize your online experience and continually improve your overall experience with BankUnited. Because of the unique nature of Internet transactions, there is additional information you should know about information-gathering processes.
Web Tracking: We do not gather information about individual users on our website. We do collect and store information about the name of the domain from which you access the Internet, the date and time you access our site, the Internet address of the website from which you linked to us, the pages you visit on our site and the type of web browsing software and operating system you are using to view our site.
Email: Our web site does not require you to disclose any personally identifying information. If however, you choose to contact us via email, please keep in mind that our email address and any other information your -mail header shows about you, such as your name or organization, will be revealed to us in the email. Also, it is important that you realize that e-mail is not secure and may be intercepted by third parties without your permission. For your own protection, we ask that you do not send confidential information to us via email. However, you have our commitment that when you communicate with us via email, we will use your e-mail information only for the specific purpose of responding to your comments or questions. Your e-mail address will not be sold, nor will it be shared with others outside BankUnited unless we are compelled to do so by law.
Transactions: If you are conducting banking transactions, such as making bill payments, transferring funds or downloading transactions, we will collect the information needed to process your request. All information we collect from you through electronic channels is handled in strict compliance with our Privacy Policy.
Cookies: Our website uses cookies. A cookie is a small piece of information which a website stores on your computer’s web browser to recognize whether or not you have visited the site before. A cookie cannot be read by a website other than the one that set the cookie. Cookies do not read other information on your hard drive nor do they reveal new information about you without your permission.
When you visit our website, we will use cookies on some pages in order to establish a secured connection. A session cookie is utilized to establish and maintain your Secured Socket Layer (SSL) or encrypted session.
We do require you to accept a cookie to browse our secured section of the web site.
Maintenance of Accurate Information:BankUnited has adopted procedures to help assure that your financial information is accurate, current and complete in accordance with reasonable commercial standards. We also have procedures to respond to your request to correct inaccurate information in a timely manner. While federal or state law requires some of these procedures, we have implemented additional procedures to maintain accurate, current, and complete financial information, including processes to update information and to remove old information.
If you believe that our records contain inaccurate or incomplete information about you, please let us know immediately. Please notify us by writing to BankUnited, Attn: Client Care Center, 7815 NW 148th Street, Miami Lakes, Florida 33016. We will correct any inaccuracies as quickly as possible.
Consumer Reporting Agencies:If you believe we have reported inaccurate information about you to any consumer reporting agency, please let us know in writing. Be sure to include your complete name, current address, Social Security number, telephone number, account number, type of account, specific item of dispute and the reason you believe the information is wrong. Send your letter to: BankUnited, Attn: Client Care Center, 7815 NW 148th Street, Miami Lakes, Florida 33016. We will investigate your concerns, and correct any inaccuracies we find. We will confirm any actions we take with you.
Limiting Employee Access to Information:BankUnited has implemented specific procedures and security levels that limit access to personally identifiable information to those employees with a business reason to know such information about you. We educate our employees about the importance of confidentiality and customer privacy through standard operation procedures, specialized training programs, and the BankUnited Code of Ethics. We take appropriate disciplinary measures to enforce employee privacy responsibilities.
Security Procedures to Protect Information:We maintain security standards and procedures to help prevent unauthorized access to confidential information about you. We update and test our technology to improve the protection of our information about you and to assure the integrity of our information.
Restrictions on the Disclosure of Account Information:We do not disclose information about your accounts or other personal information about you to unaffiliated third parties unless:
you request or authorize the release, orit is necessary to complete transactions or transfers that you initiated, oris in compliance with a government agency or court order or at the request of a federal regulator, orit is for the purpose of verifying the existence and condition of your account for a third party, such as a credit bureau or merchant.
Maintaining Customer Privacy in Our Business Relationships:From time to time BankUnited contracts with outside vendors and other business partners to perform specific services. When doing so, BankUnited selects business partners and vendors that adhere to stringent privacy standards.
Maintaining Your Privacy in Business Relationships with Outside Third Parties:Sometimes it is necessary to provide personally identifiable information about you to a third party, such as to a vendor or service company that we hire to prepare your account statements or to provide support or services for one or more of our products. These vendors and service companies agree to safeguard confidential information. Further, vendors and service providers are contractually obligated by BankUnited to maintain the confidentiality of the information disclosed to them and restrict the use of the information to the stated purpose of the contract.
Children’s Information:At BankUnited, we respect the privacy of children and comply with the practices established under the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act ("COPPA"). We do not knowingly collect or retain personally identifiable information from, and our website is not intended for, children under the age of thirteen. Users of our website must be at least eighteen years of age. By using this website you affirm that you are eighteen years of age or older. For more information about COPPA, please visit the Federal Trade Commission website at www.ftc.gov.
Disclosure of Privacy Principles to Our Customers:BankUnited understands that customers are concerned about their financial privacy and want to know the details of our policy regarding this very important issue. Our Privacy Policy explains what personal information we collect, why we collect it, how
we protect it and how and why in certain cases we may share it. View/download a copy of our Privacy Policy here, or obtain one by visiting one of our branches or calling our Client Care Center at (877) 779-BANK (2265).
You are now leaving www.BankUnited.com×By clicking continue below, you will be taken to a third-party website. To return to the page you were on, click the close button in the top right corner.Continue
Select Your Location×Please tell us where you bank so we can provide you with customized product information. State Select
Florida
New York
Note: Once you have selected your state you will not need to specify your location next time you visit our website. If you would like to view product information for a different location, simply click on the Select
State box at the bottom, right corner of the home page.
Select