http://www.apollo-fire.co.uk/legal/privacy-policy
This is only available to registered customers. Register here, or sign in.
Legal
COVID-19 Declaration
Conditions of Sale
Contact Preferences
Cookies
Disclaimer
Modern Slavery Act Statement
Privacy Policy
Supplier Handbook
Terms of Website Use
Trademark Conditions
Apollo Fire Detectors Limited ("We") are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This policy (together with our terms of use at https://www.apollo-fire.co.uk/legal/terms-of-website-use and any other documents referred to on it) sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us.  Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
For the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation 2016 (GDPR), the data controller is Apollo Fire Detectors Limited (company no. 1483208) of 36 Brookside Road, Havant, Hampshire, PO9 1JR.
Information we collect from you
We will collect and process the following data about you:
Information you give us. This is information about you that you give us by filling in forms on our site (www.apollo-fire.co.uk) or by corresponding with us by telephone, e-mail or otherwise. It includes information you provide when you register to use our customer portal, subscribe to our newsletter or product update services, search for a product or when you report a problem with our site. The information you give us may include your name, address, e-mail address and phone number, and the business or organisation you work for.
Information we collect about you. With regards to each of your visits to our site we will automatically collect the following information:
technical information, including the Internet Protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform,
information about your visit, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL), clickstream to and through our site (including date and time), products you viewed or searched for, page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and any telephone number used to call our customer service number. For detailed information on the cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them see our Cookie policy at https://www.apollo-fire.co.uk/legal/cookies
Information we receive from other sources.
This is information we receive about you if you use any of the other websites we operate (within the Apollo group or from our parent company Halma plc). In this case we will have informed you when we collected that data if we intend to share those data internally and combine it with data collected on this site. We will also have told you for what purpose we will share and combine your data.
We work closely with carefully vetted third parties to provide services on our behalf (including, for example, business partners, sub-contractors in technical, payment and delivery services, advertising networks, analytics providers, search information providers, credit reference agencies).
We limit the amount and type of personal information that we collect to that which is necessary for the purposes for which we are collecting it.
We will notify you when we receive information about you from third party sources and the purposes for which we intend to use that information unless you have already received this information, we are prohibited by law from telling you we have this information or providing the required explanations to you would be impossible or require disproportionate effort.
Uses made of the information
We use information held about you in the following ways:
Information you give to us. We will use this information:
to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us and/or to provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us;
to provide you with information about other goods and services we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about (you will be given opportunities to opt out of these communications);
to notify you about changes to our service e.g.  changes in opening hours, delivery charges, delivery options, warranty/returns processes etc.
Information we collect about you. We will use this information:
to ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;
to administer our site and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
to improve our site to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;
to allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so;
as part of our efforts to keep our site safe and secure;
to measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you;
to make suggestions and recommendations to you and other users of our site about goods or services that may interest you or them.
to distinguish you from other users of our site. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our site and it also allows us to improve our site.
Information we receive from other sources. We will combine this information with information you give to us and information we collect about you. We will use this information and the combined information for the purposes set out above (depending on the types of information we receive).
Legal basis for processing
We must have a lawful basis for processing your information; this will vary on the circumstances of how and why we have your information. We rely on:
Your consent being given for one or more specific purposes
The processing being necessary performance of a contract between us
The processing being necessary to comply with a legal obligation e.g. providing information to governmental or  regulatory bodies
The processing being necessary for our legitimate interests e.g. to send our business customers and contacts information about our products and services, to make our services more efficient, to develop our product offerings or to carry out fraud prevention activities
We do not process any special categories of information i.e. information revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs or trade union membership, genetic data, processing of biometric data for the purpose of uniquely identifying individuals, health data, or data concerning your sex life or sexual orientation, but if we do we must have a further lawful basis for the processing and tell you what that basis is.
Disclosure of your information
You agree that we have the right to share your personal information with:
Any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, as defined in section 1159 of the UK Companies Act 2006. This may include transferring your information outside of the EEA.
Selected third parties including:
business partners, suppliers and sub-contractors for the performance of any contract we enter into with you;
analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of our site;
credit reference agencies for the purpose of assessing your credit score where this is a condition of us entering into a contract with you;
third party organisations which process data for us and on our behalf. These third parties may be based (or store or process information) in the UK or elsewhere including outside of the EEA. As with many businesses, these third parties may include third party IT platforms (including cloud-based platforms), suppliers of administrative and support services and suppliers of other specialist products.
We may also disclose your personal information to third parties:
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we will disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
If Apollo Fire Detectors Limited or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of  https://apollo-fire.co.uk/legal/terms-of-use or Conditions of Sale https://www.apollo-fire.co.uk/legal/conditions-of-sale and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Apollo Fire Detectors Limited, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Where we store your personal data
The data that we collect from you will be transferred to, and stored at, destinations inside and outside of the European Economic Area ("EEA"). It will also be processed by staff operating inside and outside of the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. This includes staff engaged in, among other things, the fulfilment of your order, the processing of your payment details and the provision of support services. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy and all relevant data protection legislation (including the provisions requiring appropriate safeguards for out of EEA transfers). Further information is available on request.
All information you provide to us is stored on secure servers. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
How long do we store your personal data
We keep your information for no longer than is necessary for the purposes it was collected for.  The length of time we retain your personal information for is determined by operational and legal considerations. For example, we are legally required to hold some types of information to fulfil our statutory and regulatory obligations (e.g. tax/accounting purposes).
We review our retention periods on a regular basis. If you need more information on this, please contact: gdpr.owner@apollo-fire.com
Your rights
GDPR gives you the right to access information held about you. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with GDPR, and can be achieved by contacting gdpr.owner@apollo-fire.com. We may require you to provide sufficient information to us in order that we can satisfy ourselves as to your identity.
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes including profiling for these purposes. We will inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data.  You can also exercise the right at any time by contacting us at gdpr.owner@apollo-fire.co.uk.
You have the right to require us to correct any mistakes in your information which we hold. You also have the right to object to, request erasure or request the restriction of the processing of personal information concerning you in certain situations.
You have the right to receive the personal information concerning you which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and have the right to transmit those data to a third party in certain situations
You also have the right to object to decisions being taken by automated means which produce legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affect you (although we do not currently carry out any such decision making).
More details on your rights can be seen by visiting https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/guide-to-the-general-data-protection-regulation-gdpr/individual-rights/ You can also make a complaint to the ICO at any time about how we process your information.
Changes to our privacy policy and other websites
We may change this privacy notice from time to time as our business and internal practices and/or applicable laws change. We will not make any use of your personal information that is inconsistent with the original purpose(s) for which it was collected or obtained (if we intend to do so, we will notify you in advance wherever possible via our site and/or otherwise contact you by post or email) or otherwise than is permitted by applicable law.
Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our privacy policy.
Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates.  If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies.  Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to gdpr.owner@apollo-fire.com
Version no. 1 – published 25 May 2018