http://www.halliburton.com/en-US/about-us/legal/default.page?node-id=hgeyxt9d&SRC=BaroidIDPFooter
Regional Sites
LinkedIn
Facebook
Twitter
Print
Search »
Home
Products & Services
By Challenge
Clean Energy
Deep Water
Heavy Oil
High Pressure / Temperature
Mature Fields
Unconventional Resources
By Capability
Artificial Lift
Cementing
Chemical Services
Consulting
Coring
Drill Bits
Drilling
Fluid Services
Formation Evaluation
Hole Enlargement
Integrated Asset Management
Pipeline & Process Services
Project Management
Real Time Services
Reservoir & Fracture Monitoring
Reservoir Testing & Analysis
Sand Control
Software & Services
Stimulation
Subsea
Wellbore Service Tools
Well Completions
Well Control & Prevention Services
Well Intervention
Wireline & Perforating
By Brand
Baroid
Landmark
Multi-Chem
Pinnacle
Sperry Drilling
Summit ESP
Tools & Resources
Calculators
Case Studies
Downloads & Mobile Apps
Safety
Technical Papers & Articles
Webinars
Investors
Financial Information
Stock Information
News & Events
Shareholder Services
News & Media
Press Releases
News & Product Announcements
Social Media Hub
Media Resources
Events
Careers
About Us
Corporate Profile
Awards & Recognitions
History
HSE & Service Quality
Corporate Governance
Investors
Supplier Relations
Sustainability
Community
Locations
Africa
Asia
Australia & Oceania
Eurasia
Europe
Middle East
North America
South/Central America
Regional Sites
Home
>
About Us
About Us
Corporate Profile
Awards & Recognitions
History
HSE & Service Quality
Corporate Governance
Investors
Supplier Relations
Sustainability
Community
Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
IMPORTANT: Please read the following, and the Privacy Notice before accessing and using this website.
Acceptance of these Terms & Conditions
The following terms and conditions (“Terms & Conditions”) govern access to and use of this website, as well as other associated websites or applications where a link or reference to these Terms & Conditions is provided; the content, features, and functionality of such website; and all information provided on or through such website (collectively, the “Website”). These Terms & Conditions are a binding agreement between you (“You”) and Halliburton Energy Services, Inc. and its affiliates (“Halliburton,” “we,” “us,” “our”). By using the Website, you accept and agree to be bound and abide by these Terms & Conditions. If you do not want to agree to these Terms & Conditions, do not access or use the Website.
Changes to these Terms & Conditions and the Website
We may update, revise, or otherwise change the Website and/or these Terms & Conditions from time to time in our sole discretion. All changes to these Terms & Conditions are effective immediately when we post them. Your continued use of the Website following the posting of revised Terms & Conditions means that you accept and agree to the changes.
We may update the content on the Website from time to time, but the Website’s content (including information, statistics, and other data) are not necessarily complete or up-to-date.
Intellectual Property Rights; Permitted Uses of the Website
The Website is protected by copyright and other intellectual property laws. These Terms & Conditions permit you to use the Website for your personal, non-commercial use only provided that you do not:
Reproduce, distribute, modify, or publicly display any portion of the Website;
Use any illustrations, photographs, video, or graphics separately from the accompanying text; or
Delete any copyright, trademark, or other notices.
Halliburton and its affiliates possess rights in the United States and elsewhere in its trademarks, service marks, trade names, designs, logos and other trade dress (collectively “Marks”). No use of Halliburton Marks may be made without the prior, written authorization of Halliburton, except to identify the products or services of Halliburton. Except as permitted by these Terms and Conditions nothing contained in this site should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel or otherwise, any license or right to any person under any patent, trademark, copyright or other proprietary right of Halliburton. Company, product and service names mentioned in the site that are not owned by Halliburton are trademarks or service marks of their respective owners. and Halliburton’s
All rights not expressly granted are reserved by Halliburton.
Reliance on Information Posted
The information presented on or through the Website is made available solely for general information purposes. Any reliance you place on such information is strictly at your own risk. We disclaim all liability and responsibility arising from any reliance placed on such information by you or any other user of the Website or by anyone who may be informed of any of its contents.
The information on the Website is not intended to be a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis, or treatment. The information may not be relevant or applicable to all situations and decisions to apply any information must be made in light of individual facts and specific circumstances. Always seek the advice of a physician or other qualified health professional with any questions you may have regarding a medical condition, and never disregard professional medical advice or delay in seeking it because of something you have read on the Website. Medical professionals may use Halliburton’s products and services in conjunction with, and not as a replacement for, their best clinical judgment. Halliburton is not responsible nor liable for any advice, course of treatment, or diagnosis based on the information on the Website.
Prohibited Uses of the Website
You may use the Website only for lawful purposes and in accordance with these Terms & Conditions. Additionally, you agree not to:
Use any “page scrape,” “robot,” “spider,” or other automatic script, algorithm, or methodology, or any similar or equivalent manual process, to access, acquire, copy, or monitor any portion of the Website;
Interfere with, or attempt to interfere with, the proper working of the Website;
Introduce any viruses, worms, or other material that is malicious or technologically harmful;
Attempt to gain unauthorized access to, interfere with, damage, or disrupt any parts of the Website or any systems connected to the Website; or
Provide any information to us that is false, misleading, fraudulent, or inaccurate.
User Conduct
For the convenience of our users, some areas on this Website may allow for interactive communication, some of which may be conducted in "real time". You agree not to post any content which is or may be, in whole or in part: false, unlawful, criminal, fraudulent, misleading, infringing, libelous, slanderous, defamatory, profane, racist, sexist, threatening, inflammatory, obscene, invasive of personal or privacy rights, advertising, promoting or soliciting for commercial purposes, containing any known viruses or bugs, or which is otherwise harmful, offensive, inappropriate, or unprofessional. Halliburton has no obligation to monitor, screen, filter or edit any information, communication, or content that is directly posted by or shared by users on the Website, however we may at our discretion from time to time monitor use of the Website, and we reserve the right to delete or edit any objectionable content posted or submitted by authorized users, terminate the user's access to the Website, deny future access, or take any other action we deem appropriate under the circumstances. Please report any such violations to us at webmaster@halliburton.com. Any third party liability or usage which may arise from your posting will be solely at your own risk. Information obtained through monitoring our Website may also be used for duly authorized law enforcement investigations. We also reserve the right to identify and investigate inquiries to the extent required to comply with applicable laws and regulations, including but not limited to U.S. export control laws and executive orders. Halliburton will have no liability for any content posted by users on any Website.
Information Collected on or through the Website
All information we collect on or through the Website is subject to our Privacy Notice, which is incorporated herein by reference. By using the Website, you consent to all actions taken by us with respect to your information subject to our compliance with the Privacy Notice.
Submissions over the Internet may not be secure. Please consider this fact before providing any information to Halliburton by or through the Website.
Links to the Website
You may link to the Website’s homepage, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it. You cannot:
Establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval, or endorsement on our part without our express written consent; or
Cause the Website or portions of it to be displayed on, or appear to be displayed by, any other site, for example, framing, deep linking, or in-line linking.
We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice.
Links from the Website
Links from the Website to third-party websites are provided for your convenience only. We have no control over the contents of those websites and accept no responsibility for them. If you decide to access any third-party websites, you do so entirely at your own risk and subject to the terms and conditions of use for such websites.
Geographic Restrictions
The owner of the Website is based in the State of Texas in the United States. We make no claims that the Website or any of its content is accessible or appropriate outside of the United States.
Disclaimer of Warranties
Use of the Website is entirely at your own risk and is subject to all applicable laws and regulations. THE WEBSITE IS PROVIDED “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, OR NON INFRINGEMENT. The foregoing exclusions of implied warranties do not apply to the extent prohibited by applicable law. Halliburton does not warrant (i) that the use of the Website will be uninterrupted or error-free; (ii) that the content on the Website is or will be accurate, current, complete, reliable, or of any particular value or quality; (iii) that defects or errors in the Website will be corrected or that the Website will be updated; or (iv) that the Website is free of viruses, worms, malware, adware, or other harmful or disruptive devices or components.
Limitation on Liability
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PROVIDED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL HALLIBURTON, ITS AFFILIATES, OR THEIR LICENSORS, SERVICE PROVIDERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, OFFICERS, OR DIRECTORS BE LIABLE FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, UNDER ANY LEGAL THEORY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE, OR INABILITY TO USE, THE WEBSITE, INCLUDING ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PERSONAL INJURY, PAIN AND SUFFERING, EMOTIONAL DISTRESS, LOSS OF REVENUE, LOSS OF PROFITS OR ANTICIPATED SAVINGS, LOSS OF GOODWILL, AND WHETHER CAUSED BY TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), BREACH OF CONTRACT, OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF FORESEEABLE.
Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Halliburton, its affiliates, licensors, and service providers, and its and their respective officers, directors, employees, contractors, agents, licensors, suppliers, successors, and assigns from and against any claims, liabilities, damages, judgments, awards, losses, costs, expenses, or fees (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) arising out of or relating to your violation of these Terms & Conditions or your use of the Website, including, but not limited to, any use of the Website’s content other than as expressly authorized in these Terms & Conditions or your use of any information obtained from the Website.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
All matters relating to the Website and these Terms & Conditions, and any dispute or claim related thereto, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas without giving effect to any conflict of law principles. Any legal suit, action, or proceeding related to these Terms & Conditions or the Website shall be instituted exclusively in the federal or state courts located in Harris County, Texas, USA.
Miscellaneous
No waiver by Halliburton of any term in these Terms & Conditions shall be deemed a continuing waiver of such term or a waiver of any other term, and any failure of Halliburton to assert a right under these Terms & Conditions shall not constitute a waiver of such right. If any provision of these Terms & Conditions is held by a court to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall be eliminated or limited to the minimum extent such that the remaining provisions of these Terms & Conditions will continue in full force and effect. These Terms & Conditions and our Privacy Notice constitute the sole and entire agreement between you and Halliburton regarding the Website and supersede all prior and contemporaneous understandings and agreements regarding the Website.
Contact Us
If you have questions or concerns regarding this Website, please contact us at webmaster@halliburton.com.
Last Updated: January 1, 2020