https://www.universalbank.com/resources/privacy-policy/
Search
Privacy PolicyHome
/
Resources
/
Privacy Policy
Online Banking
Thank you for visiting our privacy policy. At Universal Bank, we understand the importance of protecting any personal information that you may provide through the use of our web site. Keeping your personal and financial information secure is one of our most important responsibilities. We value your trust and handle your information with care. Universal Bank has adopted security procedures designed to help prevent unauthorized access to confidential information about you. The purpose of our current web site is to provide Universal Bank’s products and service information to consumers and response to specific inquiries that you might have related to financial services of our bank. We encourage you to contact the branch for specific questions in reference to your own account information.
Collection and Use of Personal Information When You Visit Our Web Site
If you choose to contact us on the web site via electronic mail, you are required to give us your name and e-mail address, and will have the option of providing other information, such as your company name, address, telephone number and fax. Such information is mainly for correspondent purposes. Questions, comments, and other communications that we receive generally are not retained as permanent records. Please note that it is possible that any mail—electronic or paper that we receive could become part of the permanent record of Universal Bank, if the mail is part of materials that are scheduled for permanent retention.
Our online services are not intended for children under 13. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 without parental consent.
Industry standards are currently evolving and we may not separately respond to or take any action with respect to a “do not track” configuration set in your internet browser.
How We Use the Information
If you provide your name and other information, Universal Bank will maintain the information to process your request or inquiry. Universal Bank is committed to ensure the safety of your financial information. We would like to remind you that e-mail messages are not secure. Confidential information such as social security numbers, account numbers, access ID’s or passwords should not be used when communicating by email. Also, please consider contacting us through our SECURE CONTACT FORM. If your communication is very sensitive, or includes personal information like your bank account or social security number, you might want to send it by postal mail or contact our branch staff.
Restrictions on Information Sharing and Disclosure
Information received from the web site is kept confidential. We do not reveal specific information about your accounts or other personally identifiable data to parties outside our affiliated banks and companies for their independent use unless:
You request or authorize it.
The information is provided to help complete a transaction initialed by you.
The disclosure otherwise is lawfully permitted or required.
Security of the Web Site
For the security of our web site and to ensure that the site remains available to all users, Universal Bank uses software programs and professionals to monitor network traffic and identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information that may otherwise cause damage.
Limited Employee Access to Information
We have procedures that limit employee access to personally identifiable information to those employees with a business reason to know such information about you. We educate our employees about the importance of confidentiality and customer privacy through standard operating procedures and special training programs.
Respect of Right to Privacy
Universal Bank’s privacy policies and procedures will be followed regardless of whether you transact business with us at a branch, by telephone, via mail, or e-mail. When you send e-mail to a Universal Bank mailbox and other personal identifying information, we may retain it for future correspondence with you. The information will only be used to communicate with you to handle your request. It is not sold or transferred to other parties.
We feel that it is very important for you to understand our commitment to personal privacy and our use of information. Please know that you can visit our web site without providing us with any personal information anytime that you want to learn about our products and services. We do not collect personal identifying information about visitors to our site. We hope that the information contained on our web site is helpful in answering any questions you may have regarding Universal Bank’s products, services, locations and hours.
Universal Bank’s Privacy Notice can be obtained at any Universal Bank branch location. It is also available when you establish an account relationship with us and on an annual basis thereafter.
We reserve the right to modify our privacy policy and Notice. If we do so, you will be notified promptly.
Privacy Policy
Corporate Hours & Info 3455 Nogales St. Floor #2
West Covina, CA 91792
(626) 854-2818
Monday – Friday: 8:30am-5:30pm
Saturday – Sunday: Closed
a