http://www.bottlesup.com/privacy-policy.aspx
Liquor PourersMetal Liqour pourersMeasured Pour SpoutsPlastic PourersLiqour DispensersLiqour Pourer AccessoriesMeasured Pour SpoutsStandard Style Precision PourerMeasured Liquor Pourer w/ Bug FlapMeasured Liquor Pourer W/ CollarMeasured Liquor Pourer For Large Bottles Standard StyleMeasured Liquor Pourer For Large Bottles W/ Bug FlapMeasured Liquor Pourer With Collar And Bug Flap3 Pack Precision Pour Measured PourersBar UtensilsBartender kitsBar AccessoriesBeer Bottle OpenersBar MatsGlass RacksKitchen Sink Accessories
Select ...
Bottles-Up
Winco
Co-Rect Products
Bar Maid
Spill Stop Mfg
Glass Pro
Franco's
Precision Pour
Exacto Pour Systems
Dri Dek Inc.
AMAC Plastics
Krowne
12 oz. Aluminum scoop$5.95
Bottles-Up, Inc > Privacy Policy
We respect your privacy. Any and all information collected on this site will be kept strictly confidential and will not be sold, disclosed to third parties or reused without your permission. Any information you give to us will be held with care and will not be used in ways that you have not consented to.
What information do we collect? And how do we use it?
When you order, we need to know your name, e-mail address, mailing address, credit card number, and expiration date and cvv code on the back of your credit card. This allows us to process and fulfill your order and notify you of your order status. When you enter a contest or other promotion, we ask for your name, address, and e-mail address so we can enter you in the contest and notify the winners. We personalize your shopping experience by using your purchases to formulate our recommendations about the products and merchandise that may interest you. We also monitor customer traffic patterns and site usage to assist in the design and layout of our website. We can also use the information collected to notify you about important changes to the web site, new services, and special offers we think you'll find valuable. Your IP address is used to help identify you and your shopping cart. We may also use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our web site.
How does Bottles-Up protect customer information?
When you place orders or access your account information, we offer the use of a secure server. The secure server software (SSL) encrypts all information you input before it is sent to us. Furthermore, all of the customer data we collect is protected against unauthorized access. We also follow these additional principles of Privacy: We do not use any information about pages you visit on our site or the Web, and we do not give it out to others. We do not give out your telephone number, credit card information, or screen names, unless you authorize us to do so. And we give you the opportunity to correct your personal contact and billing information at any time. We may use information about the types of products you buy from us to make other marketing offers to you, unless you tell us not to. We do not give out this purchase data to others. We give you choices about how Bottles-Up uses your personal information. We take extra steps to protect the safety and privacy of children. We use secure technology, privacy protection controls and restrictions on employee access in order to safeguard your personal information. We keep you informed on this page about our privacy policies. What about "cookies"?"Cookies" are small pieces of information stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. Our cookies contain NO personally identifying information, but they do enable us to provide personalized features such as "My Account" and to store items in your shopping cart between visits. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually change your browser to prevent that. Even without a cookie, you can still use most of the features in our store, including placing items in your shopping cart and purchasing them. Will Bottles-Up disclose the information it collects to outside parties? Bottles-Up does not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to others. Also, Bottles-Up may provide aggregate statistics about our customers, sales, traffic patterns, and related site information to reputable third-party vendors, but these statistics will include no personally identifying information. Bottles-Up may release account information when we believe, in good faith, that such release is reasonably necessary to (i) comply with law, (ii) enforce or apply the terms of any of our user agreements or (iii) protect the rights, property or safety of Bottles-Up , our users, or others. How does Bottles-Up allow customers to update or change the information it collects?You may update or change information related to your Bottles-Up account by accessing the "My Account" section of the Web site with your e-mail account and password. For other questions related to updating or changing your account information, please send e-mail to info@bottlesup.com. In summaryWe are committed to protecting your privacy. We use information collected on our site to make shopping at Bottles-Up Online possible and to enhance your overall shopping experience. We do not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to others. Your consent By using our website, you consent to the collection and use of this information by Bottles-Up . We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. Your continued use of the site means that you agree with the terms of the then-current Privacy Policy. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. LinksThis site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. However, any links from this website are not under our control and therefore, not governed by our privacy policies. Bottles-Up is not responsible for those websites. Tell us what you think Bottles-Up welcomes your questions and comments about privacy. Please send e-mail to info@bottlesup.com
Your cart is empty.
How PayPal Works
Winco PPB-1MX Flow & Stow 1-Quart Liquor/Juice Pour Complete Set Of 12 Pieces$59.87Pina Colada Rimming Sugar$13.44Franco's Lemon
Bar Mix 12-6 oz. pouches per case$52.00Overflow Pipe Fits 1-1/2" Drain Hole Stainless Steel$19.29
Home | About Us | Contact Us | My Account | Shipping Policy | Return Policy | Privacy Policy | Sitemap | Cart Help
© 2020Bottles-Up Pourers 'n More
Powered by Network Solutions Online Store