https://www.hamiltonbilliards.com/terms-and-conditions/
Terms & Conditions
JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.
FREE DELIVERY ON ALL ACCESSORY ORDERS OVER £50
Useful Information
About Us
Showrooms
Testimonials
Contact Us
My Account
Search
Search
All
All
Snooker Tables
Snooker Dining Tables
Billiards Tables
Pool Tables
Pool Dining Tables
Accessories
Lights
Indoor Games
Outdoor Games
Furniture
Restorations
Go
+44 (0) 1462 743803
0
Recently added item(s)
×
You have no items in your shopping cart.
Snooker TablesSnooker Tables In StockNew Handmade TablesFull Size Snooker Tables10ft Snooker Tables9ft Snooker Tables8ft Snooker Tables7ft Snooker Tables6ft Snooker TablesAntique Snooker TablesUsed Snooker TablesExample Antique Full-Size Tables Example Antique Undersize TablesClearance Antique Snooker TablesSnooker Dining TablesNew Snooker Dining Tables9ft Snooker Dining Tables8ft Snooker Dining Tables7ft Snooker Dining Tables6ft Snooker Dining Tables5ft Snooker Dining TablesAntique Snooker Dining TablesClearance Antique Snooker Dining TablesBilliards Tables
New Handmade Billiard TablesFull Size Billiard Tables10ft Billiard Tables9ft Billiard Tables8ft Billiard Tables7ft Billiard Tables6ft Billiard TablesExample Antique Full Size TablesExample Antique Undersize TablesBagatelle Tables/Bar BilliardsCLEARANCE Antique Billiard TablesPool TablesUK Pool TablesAmerican Pool TablesHandmade Pool Tables9ft Pool Tables8ft Pool Tables7ft Pool Tables6ft Pool TablesExample Antique Pool TablesCustom Pool TablesPool Tables In StockPool Dining TablesNew Pool Dining Tables9ft Pool Dining Tables8ft Pool Dining Tables7ft Pool Dining Tables6ft Pool Dining Tables5ft Pool Dining TablesAntique Pool Dining TablesClearance Antique Pool Dining TablesAccessoriesBallsBilliard BallsPool BallsSnooker BallsPractice BallsCuesClearance CuesSnooker CuesOne Piece CuesTwo Piece CuesThree Quarter Jointed Snooker CuesPool Cues8 Ball Pool Cue3 Section Pool CuesCannon CuesCustom Snooker Cues and Pool CuesCue CasesChalk Holders And ChalkCue ExtensionsTrianglesCue TippingCue RacksLightingTable BrushesMarker BoardsMaintenanceRulesTable CoversSundriesCue RestsBall TraysAccessory SetsAntique AccessoriesAntique Cue RacksAntique Marker BoardsMiscellaneousTraditional GamesAntique Framed Rules - PrintsAntique Ball BoxesRussian / Pyramid BilliardsBar BilliardsBilliard Table BowlsLightsSwanson Handmade LightsDawson Handmade LightsLampshadesCanopy LightsPool Rail LightsFull Size Table Lights10ft Table Lights9ft Table Lights8ft Table Lights7ft Table Lights6ft Table Lights.Used and Antique LightsIndoor GamesFootball TableAir HockeyCard TablesDartsGames TablesBagatelle Tables/Bar BilliardsPool TablesSnooker TablesOutdoor GamesCroquetGiant Garden GamesTraditional Garden GamesFurnitureBespoke FurnitureChairsMahogany Dining ChairsOak Dining ChairsStorageGames TablesSeatingRestorations
+44 (0) 1462 743803
My Account
My Wishlist
My Cart
Checkout
Register
Blog
Log In
FREE DELIVERY ON ALL ORDERS OVER £50
Home
/
Terms & Conditions
Welcome to the hamiltonbilliards.com website. These terms and conditions apply to the use of this Website and by accessing this Website and/or placing an order you agree to be bound by these terms and conditions set out below. If you do not agree to be bound by these terms and conditions you are unable to use or access this Website.
Before you place an order, if you have any questions relating to these terms and conditions please contact our showrooms by e-mail, or call us on +44 (0) 1462 743803 between 9am and 5pm Monday - Friday
All products and goods can be ordered directly from the showrooms in person or by telephone and email. Separate Terms & Conditions apply when purchased directly from the showrooms.
Please feel free to contact us at any time prior to ordering your snooker/billiard/pool table. There are many things to consider when deciding on your table of choice and we are here to assist every step of the way. When you have decided which model, colour and size you want, telephone us on +44 (0) 1462 743803, fax +44 (0)1438 814939 or email mailorders@hamiltonbilliards.com
Definitions
"Conditions" means these terms and conditions. "Product" means a product displayed for sale on the Website; "Product Description" means that part of the Website where certain terms and conditions in respect of the individual Product are provided; "Special Conditions" means the terms and conditions in the Product Description; "Users" means the users of the Website collectively; "Personal Information" means the details provided by you on registration; "We/our/us" means Hamilton Billiards & Games Co. Ltd; "Website" means the website located at www.hamiltonbilliards.com or any subsequent URL which may replace it; "Cookies" means small text files which our Website places on your computer's hard drive to store information about your shopping session and to identify your computer; "United Kingdom" means England, Wales, Scotland, Northern Ireland and the Channel Islands and "You" means a user of this Website.
Using the website:
Access
You are provided with access to this Website in accordance with these Terms & Conditions and any orders placed by you must be placed strictly in accordance with these Terms & Conditions.
Registering
You warrant that the Personal Information which you are required to provide us with when you register as a user is accurate and true, current and complete in all respects. Additionally you will notify us immediately of any changes to the Personal Information by contacting Hamilton Billiards & Games Co. Ltd by e-mail or telephoning the office on +44 (0) 1462 743803 between 9am and 5pm.
You agree not to use a false name or a name that you are not authorised to use or to impersonate any other person or company.
Privacy policy
We will treat all your Personal Information as confidential - although we reserve the right to disclose this information in some circumstances. We will keep it on a secure server and will fully comply with all applicable UK Data Protection and consumer legislation from time to time in place.
When you purchase from our Website, we will require some Personal Information from you: i.e. your name, billing address, delivery address, telephone number, e-mail address, items ordered, credit card or other payment information and a password. We may also collect information about where you are on the internet - i.e. the pages of our website that were viewed during your visit, the URL you came from, IP address, your browser type, whereabouts your computer is located, and any search terms that you entered on our website. We may collect this information even if you do not register with us.
You should be aware that this site may be monitored and may capture information about your visit that will help us improve the quality of our service to you the customer.
We confirm that any Personal and User Information which you provide to us from which we can identify you, is held in accordance with the registration we have with the Data Commissioner's Office. We use your information only for the following purposes:
To provide website content to you, to manage our website, for statistical purposes to improve our website and its services to you, to process your orders and to notify you of products or special offers that may be of interest to you.
You agree that you do not object to us contacting you for any of the above purposes whether by email, telephone or in writing and you confirm that you do not and will not consider any of the above as being a breach of any of your rights under the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003.
We are entitled to provide your Personal Information and /or User Information if we are requested by any government authority, the police or any other regulatory investigating suspected illegal activities.
Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our privacy policy.
Please contact our office if you have any questions regarding this Policy:
Hamilton Billiards & Games Co. Ltd
Unit 7 Newnham Road Newnham Nr Baldock Herts SG7 5JX UK
Indemnity
You agree fully to indemnify, defend and hold us, our employees, agents and suppliers, harmless immediately on demand, from and against all claims, losses, costs, expenses, liability and damages, including legal fees, arising out of any breach of the Conditions by you or any other liabilities arising out of your use of our Website, or the use by any other person accessing our Website using your account and/or your Personal Information.
Our rights
We reserve the right to change or withdraw, permanently or temporarily our Website (or any part thereof) with or without notice to you and you confirm that we shall not be liable to you or any third party for any modification to or withdrawal of our Website and/or change the Terms and Conditions from time to time, and your continued use of our Website or any part thereof following such change shall be deemed to be your acceptance of such change.
Third party links
To provide good value to all our Users, we may provide links to other websites for you to access at your sole discretion. You acknowledge and agree that, as you have chosen to enter the linked website we are not responsible for the availability of such external sites or resources, and do not review or endorse and are not responsible or liable, directly or indirectly.
Purchase of products:
Orders
We will take all reasonable care to keep the details of your order and payment secure, but in the absence of negligence on our part we cannot be held liable for any loss you may suffer if a third party procures unauthorised access to any data you provide when accessing or ordering from our Website.
Contract creation and electronic contracting
The technical steps required to create a contract between you and us are as follows:
You place the order for your products on our Website by pressing the confirm order button at the end of the checkout process. You will be guided through the process of placing an order by a series of instructions on our Website.
We will send to you an order acknowledgement email detailing the products ordered. This is not an order confirmation or order acceptance from Hamilton Billiards & Games Co. Ltd.
Order acceptance and the completion of the contract between you and us will occur on the despatch to you of the Products ordered unless we have notified you that we do not accept your order.
Our non-acceptance of an order may be as a result of one of the following:
We are unable to obtain authorisation for your payment or you not meeting the eligibility to order criteria set out in the main Terms & Conditions.
The product you ordered is unavailable from stock or the identification of a pricing or product description error.
Contract cancellation
Please note that you are entitled to cancel this contract if you so wish provided that you exercise your right no longer than five working days after the day on which you receive the Products.
Please note that your right to return Products does NOT apply to Products which fall into the following categories:
Tables and Products made to your specification
Items ordered by Hamilton Billiards & Games Co. Ltd as per your specific requirements
Description of products
Each Product purchased is sold subject to its Product Description which sets out additional Specific Conditions related to that Product including, without limitation, terms and conditions concerning delivery dates and times, guarantees, warranties and after-sales service.
We will take all reasonable care to ensure that all prices, descriptions and details of Products appearing on our Website are correct at the time when the relevant information was entered onto the system. Although we aim to keep the information on our Website as up to date as possible, the information including Product Descriptions appearing on our Website at a particular time may not always reflect the position exactly at the moment you place an order. We cannot confirm the price of a Product until your order is accepted in accordance with our Order acceptance policy.
As a policy of continued improvement our company reserves the right to make slight modifications in design, colour or construction without giving prior notice. Although we endeavour to match colour and designs to customers own specifications we cannot guarantee 100% match.
Hamilton Billiards & Games Co. Ltd, makes every effort to ensure that the product descriptions and photographs provided on this and other web sites are accurate and life-like. Whilst the reproduction of colours and styles contained on the photographs shown on this website are as accurate as image and photographic reproduction will allow. Hamilton Billiards & Games Co. Ltd cannot accept responsibility for slight variations in colour or style.
Payment
All prices stated are inclusive of VAT (where applicable) at the current rates and are correct at the time of entering the information onto the system. VAT is quoted separately for Hand Made Bespoke Tables and other Products as applicable. The total cost of your order is the price of the Products ordered plus delivery charges as set out on our Website. Payment can be made by any of the methods specified below, payment will be debited and cleared from your account as set out in the Payment section of our Website.
Hamilton Billiards & Games Co. Ltd accept payment by cheque, bank transfer, Banker's Draft, cash and the following debit and credit cards: Visa, Mastercard and Maestro. If final payment is to be made by cheque we need to receive your cheque at least seven days prior to the agreed installation date. If final payment is made by credit card we will charge your card on the day prior to installation and this will be subject to a surcharge.
Separate payment terms apply when purchasing Bespoke Items such as Hand Made Tables and other Products. These cannot be ordered online.
All credit/debit cardholders are subject to validation checks and authorisation by the card issuer. If the issuer of your payment card refuses to or does not, for any reason, authorise payment to us, we will not be liable for any delay or non-delivery.
Delivery
Delivery for tables is agreed up to 8 weeks in advance. It is a requirement that you ensure that access and parking are available for one transit sized van for up to 8 hours. Any parking charges, tickets, and or fines will be forwarded on to you. An estimated delivery date will be advised when you place an order, the date to be confirmed as soon as possible. You must accept this date to secure your order.
Access to delivery address
You are responsible for providing access for all table components to your required installation site. You should call us to ensure that the room you intend to have your table installed into, will take the table and/or accessories you wish to purchase, and that access is available. Should we not be able to install your required table etc, you will be liable for all delivery charges, plus any installation charges incurred by us from our installers. If we are required to install your table on anything other than a ground floor situation, you will need to advise us of this at time of order. A charge will be levied for each flight of stairs. Should adequate lift access not be available (please call to check weights and sizes), we must be able to make a site survey prior to acceptance of your order. All access routes to your game room MUST be fully finished and adequately paved or surfaced. We reserve the right not to install your table or deliver your order if we deem it unsafe to do so, and you may be charged for delivery and fitting expenses.
Refusal of transaction
We reserve the right to withdraw Products from our Website at any time and/or remove or edit any materials or content on our Website. We may refuse to process a transaction for any reason or refuse service to anyone at any time at our sole discretion. We will not be liable to you or any third party by reason of our withdrawing any Product from our Website whether or not that Product has been sold; removing or editing any materials or content on our Website; refusing to process a transaction or suspending any transaction after processing has begun.
To be eligible to purchase Products on our Website and lawfully enter into and form contracts on our Website under English law you must:
Register by providing your name, telephone number, e-mail address, payment details and other requested information
Be over 18 years of age
Stipulate a delivery address in the UK. Please note that PO box numbers, accommodation addresses and hotels are not acceptable
Possess a valid credit or debit card issued by a bank acceptable to us
By making an offer to buy a Product, you authorise us to transmit information or to obtain information about you from third parties from time to time, including but not limited to your debit or credit card number or credit reports, to authenticate your identity, to validate your credit card, to obtain an initial credit card authorisation and to authorise individual purchase transactions.
Cancel or revise orders
If you wish to cancel or revise your order, you may do so within 7 days of receiving the goods, please contact our office on +44 (0) 1462 743803 between 9am and 5pm Monday to Friday. You will be responsible for any costs relating to returning the goods to us. Please have the order number and details to refer to when calling.
If your products have already been dispatched please follow our returns procedure
Cooling off Period
You have a 7 day 'cooling off' period from confirmation of your order to cancel or 7 days from receiving the goods. This excludes goods made to your requirements or specification. All cancellations must be made by the customer to Hamilton Billiards & Games Co. Ltd in writing within 7 days.
Returns and Refunds
Returns should be made in the original, undamaged packaging, and we reserve the right to withhold a percentage of the refund value of returned goods if the product is in such a condition that the item needs to be reduced in price for resale.
To return or exchange a product you may do so within 14 days of the date of delivery, you must inform Hamilton Billiards and Games Co. Ltd within 7 days of this intention. The product you wish to return must be in a saleable condition in its original, undamaged packaging and we will consider the condition of the product being returned when making a refund. (This does not affect your statutory rights in the event of faulty goods.) You are liable for returning the goods and the costs associated with returning the goods to us in resaleable condition. Once the goods have been received by Hamilton Billiards, the cost of the returned goods, excluding the original postage costs, will be refunded within 30 days.
Returns via courier collection
If the product is damaged then we will forward a SAE for you to attach in order to return the item to us. In certain circumstances we will arrange for a replacement or to have the goods collected.
We will email you instructions and we will arrange for the courier to collect the items you wish to return free of charge.
Exceptions
With the exception of faulty merchandise we cannot exchange or accept the return of certain items which have been opened and used. We also cannot accept the return of goods made to your specification.
If you would like to discuss the exchange or return of an item please email Hamilton Billiards and Games Company or telephone +44 (0) 1462 743803 Monday to Friday between 9am and 5pm
Installation
Any installation carried out by installers whose details are provided by Hamilton Billiards is covered by the contract between you and the installer. Therefore we can accept no liability for claims arising from installation of products and items purchased from us, and in the event of any questions arising from work carried out by the installers, customers must contact the installer concerned.
We strongly advise that you arrange for your installer to call the day after scheduled delivery at the earliest, since we are unable to guarantee a delivery time of day.
General:
Intellectual property and right to use
You acknowledge and agree that all trademarks, copyright and all other intellectual property rights in all material or content supplied as part of our Website shall remain at all times vested in Hamilton Billiards & Games Co. Ltd. You are permitted to use this material only as expressly authorised by us.
You acknowledge and agree that the material, designs and content contained within our Website is made available for your personal non-commercial use only and that you may (if necessary to make a Purchase) download such material and content onto only one computer hard drive for such purpose. Any other use of the material and content of our Website is strictly prohibited. You agree not to (and agree not to assist or facilitate any third party to) copy, publish, reproduce, distribute, transmit, display, commercially exploit or create derivative works of such content and material.
Compliance with laws
Our Website may only be used for lawful purposes and in a lawful manner. You agree to comply with applicable laws, statutes and regulations regarding our Website and any transactions conducted on or through our Website.
Limitation of liability
While we will use reasonable endeavours to verify the accuracy of any information we place on our Website, we make no warranties, whether express or implied in relation to its accuracy.
Our Website is provided on an "as available" basis without any representation or endorsement made and we make no warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, in relation to our Website, or any transaction that may be conducted on or through our Website including but not limited to, implied warranties of non-infringement, security, conditions of completeness, compatibility, accuracy, or any implied warranty arising from course of dealing or usage or trade.
We make no warranty that our Website will meet your requirements or will be uninterrupted, timely, error-free or that defects will be corrected, or that the site or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or bugs or represents the full functionality, accuracy, reliability of our Website. We will not be responsible or liable to you for any loss of content or material uploaded or transmitted through our Website.
Hamilton Billiards & Games Co. Ltd use all reasonable endeavours to ensure that all information on this website is accurate. In the unlikely event that an incorrect price is displayed in relation to any product on this site due to a clerical, typographical or pricing error, Hamilton Billiards & Games Co. Ltd shall have the right to refuse to accept any order or cancel any contract to supply such product whether or not the order has been confirmed.
Ownership of goods or any part remains with Hamilton Billiards & Games Co. Ltd and does not pass to the buyer until payment has been made in full.
Delay of Goods
Delivery period - although given in good faith, times quoted for delivery of goods are intended as estimates only and do not form the basis of any contract.
Goods in transit - unless additional insurance has been arranged by agreement between both parties our liability is limited to our carrying contractors terms and conditions.
Defacing of goods - The purchaser may not deface or remove trade marks or logos affixed to the goods, nor affix any other trade marks or logos without prior consent of Hamilton Billiards & Games Co. Ltd.
This does not affect your statutory rights as a consumer.
We will not be liable, in contract, including, without limitation, negligence, pre-contract or other representations (other than fraudulent or negligent misrepresentations) or otherwise out of or in connection with the Conditions for any economic losses (including loss of revenues, profits, contracts or anticipated savings) or any loss of reputation or goodwill or any special or indirect losses suffered or incurred by that party arising from or in connection with the provisions of any matter under the Conditions.
Severance
If any part of these Conditions shall be deemed unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed to be severable from the Conditions and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any of the remaining provisions of the Conditions.
Agreement
These Conditions govern our relationship with you. Any changes to these Conditions must be stated in writing and signed by both parties. In this way, we can avoid any problems surrounding what Hamilton Billiards & Games Co. Ltd and you are expected to do.
You confirm that, in agreeing to accept the Conditions, you have not relied on any representation except insofar as the same has expressly been made a term of these Conditions and you agree that you shall have no remedy in respect of any representation. Your Statutory Rights are not affected by these terms and conditions.
Law
The Conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and you submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England.
Contact Us
T&Cs
Exporting Tables
Hotels & Country Clubs
Interior Design
Sitemap
Areas Covered
Sold
Blog
2020-10-10
Unit 7, Newnham Road, Newnham, Nr Baldock, Herts, SG7 5JX, UK
E-Commerce Magento Website Designed by Ad Lab