https://www.mjc2.com/privacy-policy.htm
We use cookies to track usage and preferences.I Understand
Home
Products
Industries
Research
About
News
Contact
Contact
About
Research
Solutions
Software
Privacy Notice
How MJC Uses Your Details
This privacy notice describes how MJC protects and makes use of the information you give the company.
MJC abides by the regulations and principles of the GDPR. MJC is a business-to-business provider of software and the only personal information we process about customers or potential customers is their business contact details. For employees we process the information necessary for compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, while for job applicants we process contact details and information provided on your CV.
If you have any questions about this notice or the way we process personal data, please email the address at the top of this page or write to MJC, 33 WELLINGTON BUSINESS PARK, CROWTHORNE, BERKSHIRE, RG45 6LS, UK. If you are not satisfied with our response to your enquiry you have a right as an individual to raise the matter with the UK Information Commissioner's Office.
Contacts by Email and Telephone
Email Contacts
If you email us your message will be recorded in a secure email archive. We keep email archives for many years because our customers typically work with us for 15 years or more and it is important that we have a record of all communications that relate to each active project.
For the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulations the lawful basis for processing your data is "Contract".
Telephone Contacts
If you telephone us we usually record your name, company and telephone number and details about your call. Notes from the telephone call are stored in a secure repository.
For the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulations the lawful basis for processing your data is "Contract".
Recruitment Enquiries
Emails and notes from telephone calls and meetings, along with CVs and any other details you provide are stored in a secure repository that is only accessed by HR personnel involved in processing your application or administering your employment records should you be offered a role at MJC.
For the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulations the lawful basis for processing your data is "Contract".
Visitors to this Website (www.mjc2.com)
We gather and use certain information about individuals via our website enquiry form in order to provide the products and services we offer. We also collect information to better understand how visitors use this website.
Website Usage Information
We maintain our own in-house "hit counter" which records when a page on our website is viewed. It does not record your name or contact details but does typically record the IP address of the machine from which you are accessing our website. This information is used to understand the broad patterns of interest in the pages on our website, and is stored in a secure database that is not shared with third parties.
For the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulations the lawful basis for processing your data is "Consent". When you first access our website you will be asked if you are happy to accept Cookies (please see below). If you accept Cookies then the information described above will be recorded. If your IP address is directly associated with you in a way that would allow you to be identified (e.g. it is not associated with an organisation or dynamically assigned by your internet services provider) and you wish us to delete the browsing history associated with that IP address from our database please email the address at the top of this page.
We also use Google Analytics to capture statistical information about visitors to our website. Google's corresponding privacy policy is available at the Google Analytics website.
Enquiry Form
When you use the Enquiry Form the following information is captured:
Your Name and your Company's Name
Contact information including email address (mandatory) and telephone number (optional)
Your comment or request
The IP Address of your internet connection
This information is sent to us by email via our Internet Service Provider (www.names.co.uk) and is stored in an email archive which is secured according to approved industry standards, as defined by the ISO27001 standard. Such data is stored for up to 50 years, as typically our customers stay with us for at least 15 years and often much longer.
We use this information as a means to contact you to further discuss your requirements, and to understand your interest in our products. We do not use it for any other purpose and do not share it with third parties.
For the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulations the lawful basis for processing your data is "Contract".
Cookies and how we use them
A cookie is a small file placed on your computer's hard drive. It enables our website to identify your computer as you view different pages on our website. Cookies allow websites and applications to store your preferences in order to present content, options or functions that are specific to you. They also enable us to see information like how many people use the website and what pages they tend to visit. Cookies do not provide us with access to your computer or any information about you, other than that which you choose to share with us.
Our website may contain links to other websites. Please note that we have no control of websites outside the www.mjc2.com or www.mjc2.co.uk domains. If you provide information to a website to which we link, we are not responsible for its protection and privacy.
You can use your web browser's cookie settings to determine how our website uses cookies. If you do not want our website to store cookies on your computer or device, you should set your web browser to refuse cookies. However, please note that doing this may affect how our website functions. Some pages and services may become unavailable to you. Unless you have changed your browser to refuse cookies, our website will issue cookies when you visit it.
News
Synchromodal logistics for sustainable global supply chains.
News
New algorithms for increasing resilience in the Supply Chain.
News
MJC is a finalist for Maritime UK's 2050 innovation award.
Planning Software
Logistics Scheduling
Production Planning
Resource Scheduling
Strategic Logistics
Software Solutions
Distribution & Transport
Real-time Dispatch
Vehicle Routing Software
Strategic Logistics
Production Planning
Inventory Optimization
Demand Forecasting
Supply Chain Planning
Mobile Workforce
Staff Scheduling
Resource Planning
Industry Sectors
Logistics & Transport
Food & Beverages
Retail
Mail, Parcel & Courier
Manufacturing
Construction
Bulk Distribution
Research & Innovation
Synchromodality
Resilient Supply Chains
Quantum Computing
Freight Security
Industry 4.0
Real-time Production
Crowd Avoidance
About MJC
Overview
Our Customers
Applications
News
Recruitment
Custom Software
Contact Us
Copyright  2011-2020 MJC2 | 33 Wellington Business Park, Crowthorne, Berkshire, RG45 6LS, (UK)
Tel: +44 1344 760000 | Site Map | Privacy Policy | Company Number 2531037
PAGE-ID: mjc2n0077