http://www.cktax.com/privacy/
You are here:HomePrivacy Commitment
Our Commitment To Privacy
Personal Information
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy. You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do so at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our web site.
Payment Information
For your safety and protection, your credit card information is not stored on our servers. Our payment gateway provider, Intuit, keeps this information encrypted and secure on your behalf.
Should you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please call us at 417-239-0450 or email us at info@cktax.com.
End Your IRS Problems
Get Started Here
Or Call:
888-894-2005
BBB RATING:
TAX SOLUTIONS:
Back Taxes Relief
Stop Wage Garnishment
IRS Tax Settlement
Payroll Tax Relief
IRS Levy Release
Currently Not Collectible
IRS Offer In Compromise
IRS Audit Defense
Innocent Spouse Relief
State Tax Relief
Business Tax Solutions
Penalty Abatement
Experience You Can Trust
“We got behind on our taxes and ended up owing the IRS over $20,000. We felt the financial pressure of having this debt and didn’t see any way we would be able to pay them in a timely manner. We consulted with CKTax and found we qualified for an Offer In Compromise. They took care of everything. We never had to talk with the IRS once. The IRS settled our debt of over $20,000 for $500!!”
Ben & Crystal FlemingOwner - Fleming Construction
Branson, MO
“I found CKTax online. Cynthia counseled me in what to do, how to do it, and worked with the IRS to put holds on the penalties and interest. She negotiated me time to gather my reporting data so the IRS could not use liens or other measures. I was pleasantly surprised with the level of service and the attentiveness to my needs. My delinquent tax returns were completed quickly and very efficiently.”
Sandra JarnaginReal Estate Agent
Houston, TX
“I am extremely pleased with the service and professionalism from CKTax.  They helped me negotiate a $30,000 tax debt from three years of back taxes to a reasonable amount of $4,000. She dealt with the pushy IRS agents, so I didn’t have to lose my peace of mind knowing she had it under control. She was polite and answered all the questions I had about what was going on.”
Caleb ShallertOwner - Deerstone Development
Santa Rosa, CA
Read More Testimonials:
Get The Tax Help You Need Today!
Fill out the Online Evaluation Form on the right and a tax professional will contact you shortly.
** CKTax values your privacy. The information you provide will never be sold or shared with third parties.
Privacy Commitment
If you require immediate attention, call us now 888-894-2005.
Full Name:
Email Address:
Phone Number:
Type Of Tax Problem?
Select:
I received an IRS levy notice.
I owe back taxes.
I received a wage garnishment.
I have unfiled tax returns.
I owe payroll taxes to the IRS.
I am unable to pay my tax liability.
My bank account has been levied.
I received a notice of Federal Tax Lien.
Other tax problem.
Send To CKTax
Fax: 417-239-0880
CKTax, Inc.
3000 Green Mtn. Rd. Suite 215
Branson
MO, 65616
PAGESTax SolutionsCompanyTestimonialsTax Resolution BlogContact UsBLOG10 Common Tax Filing Errors to Check for, Before Filing Your Tax ReturnIRS Phone ScamsTaxpayer’s Rights With The IRSFind us on:FacebookTwitterYouTubeLinkedinMail
© 2015 CKTax, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
|
Privacy Commitment
|
Make A Payment