http://www.scheldesports.com/privacy-statement-schelde
Schelde Sports uses cookies to provide you with the best possible service. More about cookies Hide
Skip navigation
Login dealers
Wishlist
Quote list
JF-International Schelde
Basketball
3x3 basketball
Portable basketball goals
Basketball shooting stations
Outdoor basketball stands
Backboard, Ring, Net
Basketballs
Volleyball
Volleyball posts
Accessories
Referee stands
Beach volleyball
Volleyballs
Other sports
Badminton
Futsal / Indoor Soccer
Handball
Korfball
Tennis
Football
Skip navigation
About Schelde Sports
North America
Dealer locator
Service Centre
Contact
Schelde Sports
>
Privacy Statement
Skip navigation
About Schelde Sports
North America
Dealer locator
Service Centre
Contact
Schelde Sports Service
Do you need help?+31(0)492530944
Contact
Newsletter
Read our catalogue
Call me back
Visit our showroom
Back
Privacy Statement
Privacy-sensitive or personal data are processed via our online store. Schelde Sports deems the careful and meticulous treatment of personal data one of its top priorities. Hence, we handle such data with great circumspection and the utmost security.
All of our processing methods are governed by the rules and provisions of the privacy legislation. This means, amongst others, that:
we clearly explain via the present privacy statement the purposes for which we handle the personal data;
we limit our collection of personal data to only such data as are needed to serve a legitimate purpose;
we first ask for your explicit permission to process your data whenever such permission is required;
we take all suitable security measures to protect your personal data and likewise demand the same protective measures from parties that we engage to process personal data on our behalf;
we respect your right to inspect, correct, or remove your personal data upon your first request.
Schelde Sports is the controller processing your data. In the present privacy statement, we explain what sort of personal data we collect and use and for what purpose. We advise you to read our statement with due care.
The present privacy statement has been most recently adapted on 01-05-2018 00:00:00.
Use of personal data
On your use of our online store we obtain certain data about you. Such data may include personal facts. We retain and use only the personal data that are directly provided by yourself, and this within the context of the service you have requested, or that upon submission to us are clearly offered for our subsequent processing.
We use the following data for the purposes mentioned in the present privacy statement:
Name and Address data
Telephone number
Billing address
E-mail address
Payment data
Gender
Date of Birth
Registration
To access some sections of our online store, you need to register first. After registration, we retain via your selected user name the personal data you have provided. We retain these data to save you the inconvenience of having to fill them in anew each time you access our site and to enable us to contact you within the context of implementing the agreement.
We will not release data linked to your user name to third parties, unless this is needed within the context of the fulfilment of the agreement you have concluded with us, or unless legally obliged to do so. In the event of suspected fraud or misuse of our online store, we may pass on personal data to the competent authorities.
Access portal
Via our portal you can gain access to a management environment where you yourself are able to start up, enter, and change data.
Processing the order
When you place an order or conclude a contract with us, we use your personal data for processing it. If such is required to ensure its proper processing and completion, we may decide to release your personal data also to third parties. This is clarified further in this privacy statement.
Publicity
We may, in addition to the information on our website, also keep you abreast of our new products and services:
per e-mail
via social media
Contact form and newsletter
Via our online store we are offering you the possibility to make inquiries by means of a contact form, whereby you will be asked to fill in various data to enable us to answer your query(ies). You yourself select the kinds of data you wish to provide to us. Depending on the nature of the form or the content of your e-mail, these data will be retained for as long as it is deemed necessary to fully respond and treat your question(s).
We likewise publish a newsletter in order to inform interested parties about our products and services. Every newsletter contains a link which you can use to unsubscribe. Only with your explicit consent will your e-mail address be added to the list of subscribers.
Location data
If required to render the service, we may collect your location data (GPS). In such a case, your consent for this will be asked at the appropriate time.
Likewise, these (location) data may be saved and processed by the supplier of, for instance, the navigation/map software, such as Google Maps, and they can also be used by, for instance, Google or Apple itself. This is not within our control. We advise you to read the relevant privacy statement of the provider(s) in question.
Publication
We do not publish your customer data.
Advertisements
Our online store displays ads.
Providing data to third parties
We may release your data to our partners. These partners are party to the implementation of the agreement.
Our online store features social media buttons. These are used by the managers of these services to collect your personal data.
** Cookies**
Our online store uses cookies. Also, cookies are placed via third parties that are engaged by us.
When you first visit our online store, you are offered an explanation why we are using cookies. We interpret your continued use of our online store as your consent to their usage.
You are free to disable cookies by means of your browser. In that case, please keep in mind that, as a result, optimal performance of our website may become impaired.
With third parties that have placed cookies, we have made agreements concerning the use of such cookies and applications. However, we do not have full control over the use of cookies by the providers of these applications themselves when they read them out. For further information about these applications and how the cookies are being used, please consult the privacy statements by the parties in question (note: these may be changed at regular intervals).
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics to keep track of the ways visitors use our online store. We have concluded a processing agreement with Google to make provisions concerning their use of our data. Furthermore, we have not allowed Google to use the acquired Analytics information for other Google services; and, finally, we have the IP-addresses depersonalised.
Security
We take all due precautionary security measures to limit misuse of, and unauthorised access to, personal data.
Retention periods
The personal data as described above will be kept for as long as needed to complete your orders, including the warrantee period. We further retain data for maximum one year for statistical purposes as described. Subsequently, the data are deleted, unless in case there exists a statutory obligation to retain them for a longer term (such as the seven-year retention obligation of payment data for tax purposes).
Third party websites
The present privacy statement is not applicable to the websites of third parties that by means of links are connected to our online store. We cannot provide guarantees that these third parties will treat your personal data in a reliable or secure manner. We advise you to carefully read the privacy statement on such websites before making use of them.
Changes to this privacy statement
We reserve the right to introduce changes to the present privacy statement. It is recommended that you to consult this statement at regular intervals in order to keep informed of such possible changes.
Inspection and changing your data
For questions concerning our privacy policy or about access and changes to (or removal of) your personal data, you are free to contact us at any time via the contact data below. Likewise, you may request a data export for the data that we are using with your permission, or send us a reasoned notice of your wish to have our processing of personal data restricted.
In order to prevent misuse, we may in that case ask you for proper identification. When it pertains to inspection of personal data linked to a cookie, you need to also send us a copy of the cookie in question. You can find this in your browser’s settings. In case the data are incorrect, you can request that we change them or have them removed.
Personal Data Authority
It goes without saying that we remain at your disposal in case you have complaints concerning the processing of your personal data. Pursuant to the Privacy Protection Law, you also are entitled to enter a complaint regarding the processing of personal data with the Personal Data Authority, which will provide you with assistance upon your request.
Contact data
Schelde SportsBerkveld 15709 AE Helmondexport@jf-international.com
Share:
Print page:
Share:
Assortment
JF-International Schelde
Basketball
Volleyball
Other sports
Skip navigation
Our company
About us
Find your dealer
Sports Centres
Catalogue
News
North America
Service center
Certificates Schelde Sports
FAQ
Select your country
International
China
Germany
North America
Disclaimer | Privacy Policy | Contact
Berkveld 1 | 5709 AE Helmond | The Netherlands | Tel: +31 (0) 492530944 | export@scheldesports.com