https://www.cashacme.com/terms/
COVID-19: Cash Acme is taking additional measures to serve customers and protect employees. Read more here.
MENU
Products
Water Pressure Regulating Valves
Thermostatic Mixing Valves (TMVs)
Temperature & Pressure Relief Valves
Backflow Preventers
General Plumbing & Heating
SharkBite Plumbing System
Cash Acme Quality
Quality Excellence
Made in the USA
Logistics
Innovation
Resources
Downloads
Training
NAECA Hot Water Heater Regulations 2015
Hot Water Temperature Safety
Industry Affiliation
Videos
CAD / BIM
Contact Us
Home
About
News
Events
Find a Local Rep
Contractor Rewards
USA
Canada
Home
About
News
Events
Find a Local Rep
Contractor Rewards
USA
Canada
WEBSITE TERMS AND CONDITIONS for www.cashacme.com
Please read these terms in full before you use this website. If you do not accept these Terms and Conditions, please do not use this website. Your continued use of this site confirms your acceptance of these terms.
WEB SITE ACCESS
1.1 It is not necessary to register with us in order to use most parts of this website.
USE OF WEBSITE
1.2 This website may be used for your own personal, non-commercial purposes and in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
1.3 You may print and download publicly accessible content from this website provided that you do not modify, reproduce, broadcast, transmit, or distribute any content without our prior written consent. You may not create derivative works of any of the content of this website, reverse engineer any of the content, or frame or otherwise use any of the content in any other website.
SITE UPTIME
1.4 All reasonable measures are taken by us to ensure that this website is operational all day, every day. However, occasionally technical issues may result in some downtime and accordingly, we will not be liable if this website is unavailable at any time.
1.5 Where possible, we always try to give advance warning of maintenance issues that may result in website down time, but we shall not be obliged to provide such notice.
VISITOR-PROVIDED CONTENT
1.6 Any content that a visitor to this website sends or posts to this website shall be considered non-proprietary and non-confidential. We shall be entitled to copy, disclose, distribute or use for such other purpose as we deem appropriate all content provided to us, with the exception of personally identifiable information, the use of which is covered under our Privacy Policy.
1.7 When using this website you shall not post or send to or from this website any content:
(a) for which you have not obtained all necessary consents;
(b) that is discriminatory, obscene, pornographic, defamatory, liable to incite racial hatred, in breach of confidentiality or privacy, which may cause annoyance or inconvenience to others, which encourages or constitutes conduct that would be deemed a criminal offence, give rise to a civil liability, or otherwise is contrary to the law in the United States and, if different, the country from which you are accessing the website;
(c) which is harmful in nature, interferes with, or manipulates the website or any content of the website, including, and without limitation, computer viruses, Trojan horses, corrupted data; or other potentially harmful software or data;
(d) which circumvents or manipulates any security features or bypasses measures we may use to prevent or restrict access to the website or any portion of the website; or
(e) which constitutes a robot, spider, scraper or other automated means to access the website.
1.8 Notwithstanding the Privacy Policy, we will fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requiring us to disclose the identity or other details of any person posting content to this website in breach of Paragraph 1.7.
LINKS TO AND FROM OTHER WEBSITES
1.9 Throughout this website you may find links to third-party websites. The provision of a link to such a website does not mean that we endorse that website. If you visit any website via a link on this website you do so at your own risk.
1.10 Any party wishing to link to this website is entitled to do so provided that the conditions below are observed:
(a) you do not seek to imply that we are endorsing the services or products of another party unless this has been agreed with us in writing;
(b) you do not misrepresent your relationship with this website; and
(c) the website from which you link to this website does not contain offensive or otherwise controversial content or, content that infringes any intellectual property rights or other rights of a third party.
1.11 By linking to this website in breach of Paragraph 1.10, you shall indemnify us for any loss or damage suffered by us and this website as a result of such linking.
DISCLAIMER
1.12 While we do take reasonable steps to make sure that the information on this website is up to date and accurate, we do not guarantee that all content is accurate and/or up to date.
1.13 All content contained on this website is provided without warranty of any kind, express or implied. You use the content on this website at your own risk and discretion.
EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY
1.14 We do not accept liability for any loss or damage that you suffer as a result of using this website.
1.15 Nothing in these Terms and Conditions shall exclude or limit liability for death or personal injury caused by our negligence solely to the extent such liability cannot be excluded under applicable law.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY AND COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT
The content on this website, including, without limitation, the text, graphics, layout, images, icons, logos, illustrations, video, audio and software is protected by intellectual property law and is the property of our licensors or us. We take intellectual property rights seriously, and we want to be sure that the content on this website does not infringe upon the rights of third parties. If you believe your rights have been violated, please notify us.
LAW and JURISDICTION
These Terms and Conditions are governed by the laws of the State of Georgia in the United States, without reference to its conflicts of laws provisions. Any dispute arising in connection with these Terms and Conditions shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts located in Fulton County, Georgia in the United States.
AMENDMENT
We may terminate this website or any of the content offered herein at any time. We may also amend these Terms and Conditions by posting the amended terms on this website. All amended terms shall be effective upon posting on this website.
OUR DETAILS
Our business’ name is: Reliance Worldwide Corporation
Our business address is: 2727 Paces Ferry Rd SE, Building Two Suite 1800, Atlanta GA, 30339
Find a Local Rep
Find a local Cash Acme sales representative near you.
Get Started
Cash Acme is a part of the RWC family of brands.
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Warranty
Sitemap
Contractor Rewards
Copyright © 2020 Cash Acme Plumbing Products. All rights reserved. Cash Acme and its respective trademarks are a part of RWC global network.
Searching...
Products
Pages