https://www.guesttracker.com/legal/#disclaimer
Legal
Terms of Use | Disclaimer | Privacy Policy
Acceptance of Terms
TCS Systems Inc makes available for your use on this web site information, documents, software and products (collectively, the “Materials”) and various services (the “Services”), subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this document (the “Terms of Use”). By accessing this web site, you agree to the Terms of Use. TCS Systems Inc reserves the right to change the Terms of Use from time to time at its sole discretion. Your use of the web site will be subject to the most current version of the Terms of Use posted on the web site at the time of such use. In addition, when using particular Services or Materials on this web site, you shall be subject to any posted guidelines or rules applicable to such Services or Materials that may contain terms and conditions in addition to those in the Terms of Use. All such guidelines or rules are hereby incorporated by reference into the Terms of Use. If you breach any of the Terms of Use, your authorization to use this web site automatically terminates and you must immediately destroy any Materials downloaded or printed from the web site.
Information on this web site may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. Information may be changed or updated without notice. TCS Systems Inc may also make improvements and/or changes in the products and/or the programs described in this information at any time without notice. TCS Systems Inc does not want to receive confidential or proprietary information from you through our web site. Please note that any information or material sent to TCS Systems Inc will be deemed NOT to be confidential. We will not release your name or otherwise publicize the fact that you submitted materials or other information to us unless: (a) we ask your permission to use your name; or (b) we first notify you that the materials or other information you submit to a particular part of this site will be published or otherwise used with your name on it; or (c) we are required to do so by law.
Copyright Notice
Copyright © 2020 TCS Systems Inc. All rights reserved. All trademarks mentioned herein belong to their respective owners. Unless identified with the designation “Copy Freely”, the contents of this web site is copyrighted by TCS Systems Inc. In consideration of this authorization, you agree that any copy of these documents you make shall retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained herein.
You may not otherwise copy or transmit the contents of this web site either electronically or in hard copies. You may not alter the content of this web site in any manner. If you are interested in using the contents of this web site in any manner except as described above, please contact us directly. Individual documents published by TCS Systems Inc may contain other proprietary notices and copyright information specific to that individual document. Nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring by implication, estoppels or otherwise any license or right under any patent, trademark or other property right of getonsitename] or any third party. Except as expressly provided above nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring any license or right under any copyright or other property right of TCS Systems Inc or any third party. Note that any product, process, or technology in this document may be the subject of other intellectual property rights reserved by TCS Systems Inc and may not be licensed here under.
Disclaimer
We provide links to other websites that are not under our control. We do this as a convenience and for reference only. We do not endorse, recommend or accept any responsibility for the content of these websites.
Privacy Policy
This is how we will handle information we learn about you from your visit to our Web site. The information we receive depends upon what you do when visiting our site.
Automatic Information
When you visit our Web site, our Web server automatically recognizes and stores the name of the domain from which you access the Internet (for example, aol.com, if you are connecting from an America Online account), the date and time you access our site, and the Internet Protocol (IP) address of the Web site from where you came. This information enables us to run site usage tools and create statistics about our site. These statistics help us to better understand how our site is being used and what we can do to make it more useful to visitors. This information is not stored in a personally-identifiable format.
Information You Provide Us
We use the information that you provide us for responding to your requests, customizing the material presented to you based on your past visits to our web site, to communicate with you, and to improve the content of our web site. The primary goal in collecting personal information is to provide you customized services, features and content, and give you an efficient personalized experience that best meets your needs.
If you choose to identify yourself by sending us an email or completing an online form, TCS Systems Inc employees and business partners will have access to such information in order to contact you for customer service purposes. We also aggregate information on what pages you access. Information submitted by you, such as survey information and/or comments or feedback, may be stored in a personally-identifiable format and is used only for internal purposes and is not shared with people or organizations outside of TCS Systems Inc, its subsidiaries or successors in interest, and its business partners. If we want to share your name outside this group or otherwise publicize the fact that you submitted materials or other information to us, then we will we ask your permission to use your name with the materials or other information you submitted to a particular part of this site.
Links
This site may contain links to other sites not owned or managed by TCS Systems Inc is not responsible for the privacy practices of such websites.
Use of “Cookies”
“Cookies” are small files that are placed on your hard drive that assist us in providing customized services. We may use cookies to allow you to let enter your password less frequently during a session. No other personal information is stored in this cookie.
From time to time, TCS Systems Inc may send a “cookie” to your computer. A cookie is a small piece of data that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive. A cookie can’t read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites. Cookies do not damage your system. We use cookies to identify which areas of the [siteName] websites you have visited or customized, so the next time you visit; those pages may be readily accessible. This information may be used to personalize our services to you.
You can choose whether to accept cookies by changing the settings of your browser. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies, or allow your browser to show you when a cookie is being sent. If you choose not to accept these cookies, your experience at our site and other Web sites may be diminished and some features may not work as intended.
Opt Out
TCS Systems Inc recognizes that users may not wish to be contacted about new or related products. TCS Systems Inc allows you to opt out of any e-mail marketing that may result from use of the site. When you receive an email, you will be given instructions on how to remove yourself from that list.
Release of Information
TCS Systems Inc will release any information that is required to be released by law or court order.
Security of the Information we use secure socket layer (SSL) encryption to protect the transmission of information you submit to us when you use our secure online forms. All the information you provide us through these forms is stored securely offline. If you send us an email or complete the Contact Us Form, you should know that email is not necessarily secure against interception unless you are using a security-enabled web browser.
The above policies are effective as of February 1st 2012. TCS Systems Inc reserves the right to change this policy at any time. The use of information that we gather now is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at this time. Users wishing to see the changes may do so by visiting our web site privacy policy statement frequently.
Contact Us today!
Get a free Trial
Get a free Quote
Contact Guest Tracker
Name
First
Last
Email
PhoneMailto Field(hidden)*
MessageOpt In
I agree to receive occasional emails containing news, updates or promotions. I can withdraw my consent at any time.
CAPTCHAPhoneThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.