http://www.krelltech.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy explains how we and some of the companies we work with collect, use, share and protect information in relation to our web site, mobile services, and any software provided on or in connection with Krell Technologies Inc. (hereinafter referred to as KrellTech) services (collectively, the "Service"), and your choices about the collection and use of your information.By using our Service you understand and agree that we are providing a platform for you to participate in KrellTech business proposition in disseminating information to industry professionals, post content, including photos, comments and other materials ("User Content"), to the Service and to share User Content publicly. This means that other Users may see, search for, use, or share any of your User Content that you make publicly available through the Service, consistent with the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use.INFORMATION WE COLLECT We collect the following types of information.Information you provide us directly:Your username, password and email address and/or phone number when you register with KrellTech.Profile information that you provide for your user profile (e.g., first and last name, picture, phone number). This information allows you to maintain an account, answer inquiries, provide quotations, and interact with other users.User Content (e.g., photos, comments, and other materials) that you post to the Service.Communications between you and KrellTech. For example, Q&A communications, Quote forms and other order inquiries and documents, resource and user guides, whitepapers, data sheets, images and videos relating to KrellTech products and services. We may send you Service-related emails (e.g., account verification, changes/updates, technical and security notices). Note that you may not opt out of Service-related emails.Log file information: Log file information is automatically reported by your browser each time you make a request to access the website, mobile site or app. It can also be provided when the content of the webpage or app is downloaded to your browser or device.When you use our Service, our servers automatically record certain log file information, including your web request, Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser type, referring / exit pages and URLs, number of clicks and how you interact with links on the Service, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed, and other such information. We may also collect similar information from emails which then help us track which emails are opened and which links are clicked by recipients. The information allows us to personalize and improve the Service and accurately report usage and statistics.Device identifiers: When you use mobile devices, including tablets and phones to access KrellTech, we may collect, monitor, access and store on your device, and/or remotely store one or more small data files or data structures commonly referred to as “device identifiers." These device identifiers uniquely identify your mobile device. A device identifier may be data stored in connection with the device hardware that uniquely identifies your mobile device, data stored in connection with the device's operating system or other software, or data sent to the device by KrellTech.A device identifier may deliver information to us or to a third party partner about how you browse and use the Service and may help us or others provide reports or personalized content. Some features of the Service may not function properly if use or availability of device identifiers is impaired or disabled.Analytics information: We use third-party analytics tools to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the Service. These tools collect information sent by your device or our Service, including the web pages you visit, add-ons, and other information that assists us in improving the Service. The analytics information collected from you and other Users cannot reasonably be used to identify any particular individual User.Cookies and similar technologies: When you visit the Service, we may use cookies and similar technologies to collect information about how you use our site and provide certain features to you. We may also allow our partners to provide services to you that use cookies or similar technologies.Metadata, hashtags and geotags: Metadata is usually technical data that is associated with User Content. For example, Metadata can describe how, when and by whom a piece of User Content was collected and how that content is formatted. Users can add or may have Metadata added to their User Content including a hashtag (e.g., to mark keywords when you post a photo), geotag (e.g., to mark your location to a photo), comments or other data. This makes your User Content more searchable by others and more interactive. If you geotag your photo or tag your photo using other's APIs then, your latitude and longitude will be stored with the photo and searchable (e.g., through a location or map feature) if your photo is made public by you in accordance with your privacy settings on the Service.HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATIONIn addition to some of the specific uses of information we describe in this Privacy Policy, we may use information that we receive to:help you access your profile, settings, content and information after you sign inremember information so you will not have to re-enter it during later visitsimprove, test, and monitor our site and servicesdevelop and test new products, services, and featurescollect site metrics such as total number of visitors, traffic, and demographic patternsdiagnose or fix technology problems. SHARING YOUR INFORMATIONWe will not share, rent or sell your information to third parties without your consent, except as noted in this Policy.Parties with whom we may share your information: We may share User Content and your information (including but not limited to, information from cookies, log files, device identifiers, location data, and usage data) with businesses that provide KrellTech products and services ("Affiliates"). Affiliates may use this information to help provide, understand, and improve the Service (including by providing analytics) and Affiliates' own services (including by providing you with better and more relevant experiences). But these Affiliates will honor the choices you make about who can see your profile information and content.We also may share your information as well as information from tools like cookies, log files, and device identifiers and location data, with third-party organizations that help us provide the Service to you ("Service Providers"). Our Service Providers will be given access to your information as is reasonably necessary to provide the Service under reasonable confidentiality terms.We may remove parts of data that can identify you and share this data with other parties. We may also share information that has been aggregated with your information so that it is no longer associated with you.Parties with whom you may choose to share your User Content: Any information or content that you voluntarily disclose for posting to the Service, such as User Content, becomes available to the public, as controlled by any applicable privacy settings controlled by you. Once you have shared User Content or made it public, that User Content may be re-posted or shared by others.Subject to your profile and privacy settings, any User Content that you make public is searchable by other Users. If you remove information that you posted to the Service, copies may remain viewable in cached and archived pages of the Service, or if other Users or third parties using the API have copied or saved that information.Responding to legal requests and preventing harm: We may access, preserve and share your information in response to a legal request (like a search warrant, court order or subpoena) if we have a good faith belief that the law requires us to do so. This may include responding to legal requests from jurisdictions outside of the United States where we have a good faith belief that the response is required by law in that jurisdiction, affects users in that jurisdiction, and is consistent with internationally recognized standards.We may also access, preserve and share information when we have a good faith belief it is necessary to: detect, prevent and address fraud and other illegal activity; to protect ourselves, you and others, including as part of investigations; and to prevent death or imminent bodily harm. Information we receive about you may be accessed, processed and retained for an extended period of time when it is the subject of a legal request or obligation, governmental investigation, or investigations concerning possible violations of our terms or policies, or otherwise to prevent harm. HOW WE STORE YOUR INFORMATIONStorage and Processing: The information collected about you by KrellTech may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which KrellTech, its Affiliates or Service Providers maintain facilities. KrellTech, its Affiliates, or Service Providers may transfer information that we collect about you, including personal information across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world. If you are located in the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, please note that we may transfer information, including personal information, to a country and jurisdiction that does not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction.By registering for and using the Service you consent to the transfer of information to the U.S. or to any other country in which KrellTech, its Affiliates or Service Providers maintain facilities and the use and disclosure of information about you as described in this Privacy Policy.KrellTech employs all reasonable safeguards to keep the information we collect secure, and technically reasonable steps (such as requesting a unique password) to verify your identity before granting you access to your account. However, KrellTech cannot certify the security of any information you transmit to us or guarantee that information on the Service may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed.You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your unique password and account information, and for controlling access to communications between you and KrellTech. Your privacy settings may also be affected by changes to the social media services you connect to KrellTech through those services. We are not responsible for the functionality, privacy, or security measures of any other organization. CHOICES ABOUT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATIONYour account information and profile/privacy settings:Update your account at any time by logging in and changing your profile settings.Unsubscribe from email communications from us by clicking on the "unsubscribe link" provided in such communications. As noted above, you may not opt out of Service-related communications (e.g., account verification, purchase and billing confirmations and reminders, changes/updates to features of the Service, technical and security notices).How long we keep your User Content: Following termination or deactivation of your account, KrellTech, its Affiliates, or its Service Providers may retain information (including your profile information) and User Content for a commercially reasonable time for backup, archival, and/or audit purposes.CHILDREN'S PRIVACYKrellTech does not knowingly collect or solicit any information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register for the Service. The Service and its content are not directed at children under the age of 13. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us.OTHER WEB SITES AND SERVICESWe are not responsible for the practices employed by any websites or services linked to or from our Service, including the information or content contained within them. Please remember that when you use a link to go from our Service to another website or service, our Privacy Policy does not apply to those third-party websites or services. Your browsing and interaction on any third-party website or service, including those that have a link on our website, are subject to that third party's own rules and policies. In addition, you agree that we are not responsible and do not have control over any third-parties that you authorize to access your User Content. If you are using a third-party website or service and you allow them to access your User Content you do so at your own risk. CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICYKrellTech may modify or update this Privacy Policy from time to time, so please review it periodically. We may provide you additional forms of notice of modifications or updates as deemed appropriate. Your continued use of KrellTech or the Service after any modification to this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of any such modifications.Updated May 2019
Loading...
< Back to details
Contact Info
×
*denotes required fields
Create an Account
Save and reference your Quotes & Questions
REVIEW AND SUBMIT
Close
Loading...
Ask a question
×
General
CleanTouch™
DART Bare Fiber Adapter
FLex Waveguide Polisher
High Capacity UPC Connector Workholders
Industry Standard and Custom Polishing Fixtures
Multi-Fiber Connector Fixtures
NOVA™ Bare Fiber Polishing System
NOVA Optical Polishing System
NOVA™ Profile Inspection Module
NOVA™ Surface Inspection Module
NOVA™ Waveguide & Array Polishing System
Orbit™ Bare Fiber Coning and Chisel System
Plastic Optical Fiber Workholder
Polishing Films
Precision Rubber Pads & Wear Liners
Proton™ Field and FTTX Polisher
Radian™ Bare Fiber Polisher
SatWipe™
Scepter™ Fiber Optic Polisher
Scepter X2 Dual Position Connector Polisher
SpecPro™
Connector Polisher
SpecVision™ Video Inspection Scope
Universal Connector Fixtures
This field is required.
For clarification, you can attach a drawing,
photo,
etc.
SUBMIT QUESTION NOW
ADD QUESTION TO CART
SUBMIT ALL QUESTIONS IN CART
Loading...
Questions Cart
×
Loading...
Quote Cart
×
Loading...