http://www.fortune.co.uk/cookie-policy.php
Important Message
WE ARE OPEN!! DECEMBER SPECIAL OFFER - UP TO £500 OFF SELECTED VEHICLES - GET IN TOUCH TO BUY YOUR NEW CAR TODAY
Menu
Browse
Home
Used Cars
Alfa Romeo
BMW
Fiat
Ford
Mercedes-Benz
MG
MINI
Peugeot
Renault
Smart
Vauxhall
Volvo
View all cars
Finance
Valuation
Part Exchange
Looking to sell?
Warranty
About Us
Reviews
Contact
Cookie Policy
Cookie Policy
Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website.
This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our site.
What are cookies?
A cookie is a small text file that a website saves on your computer or mobile device when you visit the site.
It enables the website to remember your actions and preferences (such as login, language, font size and other display preferences) over a period of time, so you don't have to keep re-entering them whenever you come back to the site or browse from one page to another.
How do we use cookies?
A number of our pages use cookies to:
Protect your privacy. We use cookies to make sure that only authenticated devices are allowed to view your data.
We do this by storing a token that is unique to you on your device. This token will only be present if you have authorised the device, either by following a link in an email / SMS, or by entering your details directly into the site.
Enabling these cookies is required for the use of this service. Without these cookies we are unable to identify you and therefore protect your privacy.
As such, without these cookies we will not allow any personal data to be viewed.
Enhance website performance. We use cookies to ensure our websites run smoothly and perform efficiently.
These cookies do not contain personal information. Enabling these cookies is required for the use of this service.
Without these cookies we are unable to provide full website functionality.
Third-party cookies
In addition to our own cookies, we may also use various cookies from third-parties to report anonymous usage statistics and or provide functionality enhancements.
Some examples of third-party cookies that could be present are detailed below, this may not be a full list and there could be other cookies present that are not listed here.
Automatic Logging of Session Data
We automatically log generic information about your computer and your computer's connection to the Internet which we call "session data".
Session data consists of things such as device information, IP address, operating system and browser software information, and the activities conducted by you while on our Website.
An IP address is a number that lets computers attached to the Internet, such as our web servers, know where to send data back to the user, such as the pages of the Website the user wishes to view.
Session data helps us to analyse such things as what items visitors are likely to click on most, the way visitors are clicking through the Website, how many visitors are surfing to various pages on the Website, how long visitors to the Website are staying and how often they are visiting.
It also helps us diagnose problems with our servers. It is possible to determine from an IP address a visitor's Internet Service provider (ISP) and the approximate geographical location of his or her point of connectivity.
We also use session data to help prevent fraud and unauthorised use of our Website.
How to control cookies
You can control and or delete cookies as you wish - for details, see aboutcookies.org.
You can delete all cookies that are already on your computer and you can set most browsers to prevent them from being placed.
If you do this, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit a site and some services and functionality may not work.
Google Analytics
We use this to better understand how people are using our website. Google also use it to better understand how people are using their own website. The Google Analytics cookie allows us to recognise when you first visit our website and recognise you if you visit again. It also enables us to recognise the pages you visit, when you visit, how long you visit our website for, the IP address and what site you were looking at before visiting our website (this is known as the referral url). See more information Google Analytics Cookies.
Google Maps & YouTube
YouTube uses cookies to collect information that helps to provided statistics of its videos, prevent fraud and improve site experience.
YouTube uses cookies on youtube.com and videos embedded on our website from youtube.com. See more information on Google's Privacy Policy here
Visitor Chat Service
We use a third-party supplier to provide the Visitor Chat Service. The supplier may use cookies, over which we have no control.
The cookies are used to manage your visitor chat session, to track your preferences and to personalise your experience.
You may disable persistent cookies. However, if you disable the session cookie you will not be able to use the Visitor Chat Service.
If you wish to find out more about the supplier\'s use of cookies please refer to their privacy policy at here
List of example cookies used on our site:
Cookie Name
Expiration Time
Cookie Type
Purpose/How we use it
website_telephone
30 day
Session
Stores the telephone number
website_locations
1 day
Session
Stores the amount of locations
content_source
null
Persistent
Content Cache
vehicles_in_stock
1 day
Session
Stores the amount of vehicles in stock
cars_in_stock
1 day
Session
Stores the amount of cars in stock
commercials_in_stock
1 day
Session
Stores the amount of commercials in stock
bikes_in_stock
1 day
Session
Stores the amount of bikes in stock
vehicle_makes
1 day
Session
Stores the amount of unique vehicle makes
p
1 hour
Persistent
Web Tracking
t
1 hour
Persistent
Web Tracking
website_mobile
30 day
Session
Stores the mobile number
website_fax
30 day
Session
Stores the fax number
content_refresh_time
null
Persistent
Content Cache, refresh time
selected favourites
null
null
Checks ID is unique
Call us
Find us
Message us
Live chat
Search for a vehicle
Choose a make:
Any makeAlfa RomeoBMWFiatFordMercedes-BenzMGMINIPeugeotRenaultSmartVauxhallVolvo
Choose a model:
Any model
Search
We use cookies to help our site function correctly and to understand how it is used. By clicking "I
understand", you agree to us doing so. You can find out more about cookies and how to manage them in our
Cookie Policy.
I understand