https://www.baker-richards.com/privacy/
Skip to the content
Close
Home
Insights
COVID-19
Performing Arts
Visitor Attractions and Heritage
What We Do
About Us
Our clients
© 2020 Baker Richards
Twitter
LinkedIn
Introduction
Baker Richards processes personal data to enable us to carry out our business, providing software, consulting and advisory services, research services and analysis services, as well as in our legitimate interests of managing staff, maintaining accounts and records and promoting our services, or where there is a legal obligation to do so.
We are committed to protecting personal data.  This Privacy Notice gives detailed information about what to expect when Baker Richards processes any personal information that we collect about you or that you provide us with, or that is provided to us about you by a third party, including how and why we use your information.
The terms ‘Controller’, ‘Personal Data’ and ‘Processor’ bear the respective meanings given them in the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679.
Who we are
Baker Richards Consulting Ltd (‘Baker Richards’) is a private limited company incorporated and registered in England and Wales with company number 04840675 whose registered office is at 14/15 Orwell House, Cowley Road, Cambridge CB4 0PP, UK and with VAT Registration Number 750 9064 32.
Baker Richards is the Data Controller of your personal information except where otherwise provided.
Contact details for Baker Richards
Baker Richards14/15 Orwell HouseCowley RoadCambridgeCB4 0PPUnited Kingdom
+44 (0)1223 242 100
https://www.baker-richards.com/contact/
If you have questions regarding your personal information or its use, please contact our Data Protection Manager by email or by phone: +44 (0)1223 242 100.
Use of your information
We are committed to protecting personal data and maintaining the trust and confidence of our clients and partners.  The rest of this section explains more about our collection of personal data and the limited circumstances under which we may disclose it to others.
We collect information in a number of ways including:
When you visit our websitesWhen you contact usWhen you apply for a job with usSocial media
Baker Richards also processes personal data as a Data Processor and sub-Processor when providing its software and services meaning that we may obtain and process personal data about you on behalf of third parties – please see the ‘When we act as Data Processors’ section for more information.
Our websites
Baker Richards operates a number of websites:
baker-richards.comartsengines.comsegmentationengine.comRevenueManagementApplication.com
Read our Terms of Use here.
When you visit our websites – Use of cookies
We use cookies to provide essential functionality on our websites and collect anonymous information about the user experience. Read our Cookie Policy here.
When you visit our websites – software applications and user areas
A number of our software applications are jointly developed with Jacobson Consulting Applications, Inc with offices at 575 8th Avenue, Floor 21, New York, NY, 10018 USA (‘JCA’).  This means that any personal information provided via our websites other than www.baker-richards.com may be shared with JCA to follow-up on your enquiry or to provide product support in a business to business capacity. JCA is certified under the EU-US Privacy Shield, which provides an adequate level of protection for personal data accessed by JCA.
Some of our websites relating to our software products allow users to log in to access the application and/or support pages.  User registration and personal data supplied in respect of software applications is governed by the applicable software purchase and/or licence agreements, our Terms of Use and Baker Richards’ Data Management and Information Security policy (available to licensed users).
When you contact us – general enquiries
Any personal data or information you provide, via whatever channel you use to make your enquiry (e.g. via our websites, email, phone or social media), including name and contact details, will be used for the purpose of addressing your enquiry (except where this data is already held or obtained by us for alternative purposes) and/or to fulfil legal or regulatory requirements if necessary. This information will be passed on to members of staff who are in the best position to process your enquiry, and may be stored in a secure database. We may contact you with further information about relevant products and services if there is a legitimate interest in doing so.
When you contact us – job applications
If you apply to work at Baker Richards in response to a vacancy posting, or submit your CV on spec, via whatever channel including email or post, we will use the information you supply to us solely for the purpose of processing your application and/or to hold your CV on file in order to inform you about future opportunities and/or to fulfil legal or regulatory requirements if necessary.  If applying for an advertised vacancy you will be asked to provide equal opportunities information. This is not mandatory information but helps us to monitor, on an anonymised basis, our recruitment practice and equal opportunities statistics.
We will not disclose information to third parties unless we are required to do so by law or we have informed you beforehand, for example to ask for a reference from a previous employer.
Personal information about unsuccessful candidates and/or CVs will be held for up to 12 months after the recruitment exercise has been completed or the CV received, after which it will be deleted or destroyed, unless you have asked us to delete or destroy it earlier or allowed us or asked us to retain it for longer by written request.  Some limited information (e.g. details of interview expense reimbursements) may be retained for seven years for the purpose of maintaining accurate accounts and records – see https://www.gov.uk/running-a-limited-company/company-and-accounting-records
Social Media
You are the Controller of your social media accounts such as LinkedIn or Twitter.  Should you choose to engage with us on social media, your personal data may be processed for the purpose of responding to you, promoting our services or for evaluating our social media presence.
How we handle information
We will never share, sell, rent or trade your personal information to any third parties for marketing purposes. We make sure your personal data is always granted the highest level of protection and we only retain information that is necessary for the time and scope of our processing activities.
Data sharing
From time to time, and always subject to a written contract, we may share information with our staff, partners, associates, customers, clients, suppliers and service providers e.g.  professional advisers and data matching organisations. Some of our third-party service providers may have access to your data in order to perform services on our behalf including third parties who help to maintain the security and performance of our websites and IT infrastructure. We make sure anyone who provides these or similar services enters into an agreement with us and that they will not use your data for anything other than the clearly defined purpose relating to the service that they are providing.
We may also share your data where there is a legal obligation to do so.
Data transfers and security outside of the EEA
We make every effort to ensure that personal data is stored in the European Economic Area (EEA).  Where your information is accessed from a country outside the EEA, e.g. by our development partners JCA (see Software applications and user areas), or should data need to be transferred to a server located outside the EEA, we will take steps to ensure that your privacy rights continue to be protected as outlined in this Privacy Notice for example, by ensuring that only US-based organizations who are part of the EU-US Privacy Shield initiative will handle your personal information.
Necessity and purpose limitation
We will keep your information only for as long as is reasonably necessary and we will not keep more information than we need.  The retention period will vary according to the purpose – for example if making an unsuccessful job application, we will typically keep your data for up to twelve months (or until you request us to destroy or delete it) whereas a more limited sub-set of data required for the purpose of maintaining accurate accounts and records may be retained for seven years.
News from Baker Richards
From time to time we share updates about our work, upcoming events and key industry insights with corporate subscribers, where we believe these are relevant in a professional capacity.  You can also register for these updates by registering your details with Mailchimp. You can opt out of these updates at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link in the body of any email we send you.  If you tell us that you don’t wish to receive news from us anymore, we will retain the minimum amount of information required (this may include name and address/email) to adhere to your request.  Please note that this will not constitute an opt-out of other information we may need to send you for other purposes e.g. service updates in performance of a software contract.
We use a third-party provider, MailChimp, to keep all the information up to date and to gather statistics about email opening and clicks. For more information, please see MailChimp’s privacy notice.
When we act as Data Processors
When we provide our consulting and software services, we act as Data Processors for our clients who are pursuing their legitimate interests of, for example, planning, marketing, research and/or analysis. Our clients are the Data Controllers, where we act as a Data Processor on their behalf, or Processors acting on behalf of Data Controllers, in which case our role is that of sub-Processors. We only process, share, transfer and retain data based on their instructions and in accordance with a written contract(s).
Under these conditions we may share information with partners, associates, customers, suppliers and service providers (e.g. data matching organisations or sub-contractors).  Any processing activity involving our development partner Jacobson Consulting Applications, Inc with offices at 575 8th Avenue, Floor 21, New York, NY, 10018 USA is carried out securely in accordance with the EU-US Privacy Shield which provides an adequate level of protection for personal data.
The data we process is typically derived from our clients’ ticketing and CRM systems.  Some of our processing activities may also involve matching data or appending data obtained from an independent source in accordance with written contract(s).
The information we handle may include:
personal details including name, contact details, age category, gender and identifiers e.g. customer unique reference numberfamily detailslifestyle, business and social circumstancesdetails of goods and/or services provided or to be providedinformation necessary for the development and testing of softwarepersonal information that may be inferred from transactional data, e.g. purchase of a student ticket.
In limited cases, and only with your consent, we may also process information about your attitudes or opinions and/or special categories of personal data which may include racial or ethnic origin. This is usually obtained via non-compulsory primary research.
Your rights
Individuals have a number of rights, including, but not limited to, the right to request a copy of their data, the right to rectification of incorrect data, the right to request erasure of their data, the right to restrict processing of data, the right to object to processing, and the right to complain. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority, if you feel your data is being processed unlawfully by contacting the Information Commissioner’s Office.
We aim to help individuals easily exercise their rights.  If you have an enquiry or wish to exercise your rights in respect of any personal data we hold about you as data Controllers, you can email our Data Protection Manager or contact us via the Contact form.
Subject access requests
You are entitled to know what personal data we process about you, for what purposes, for how long we process it and whom we share it with. You can request a copy of some of or all the information we hold about you, by making a subject access request (SAR). You can use our Subject Access Request form and return it by email or post to:
Data Protection ManagerBaker Richards Consulting Ltd
14/15 Orwell House,Cambridge, CB4 0PPUnited Kingdom
Email
If you are unable to download the form or if you require assistance, please email our Data Protection Manager at the email address above or phone +44 (0)1223 242 100.
Changes to this privacy notice
We keep our privacy notice under regular review. You are advised to visit this page periodically in order to keep up to date with any changes,
This privacy notice was last updated on 7th May 2020.