http://www.tuningbox.com/en/customer-services/privacy.htm
Find your vehicle
Menu
Home
E-shop
About us
Warranties
Contact
Configurator
HomeE-shopAbout us
WarrantiesContact
Find my vehicle
Tuningbox Belgium +32 80 67 83 72
Privacy
Here at Tuning Box, we take your privacy extremely seriously. We’re determined to honour the trust you place in us by visiting our website and using our services. We also want to make sure you can surf our website with complete peace of mind. That’s why we want to be upfront about the precautions we take when handling your personal data.   1. How do we collect your personal data? 1.1. Data you choose to provide From the order form, we collect your first name, last name, address, postcode, town/city, country and a way to contact you (email, phone, mobile phone or fax).  1.2. Data we receive automatically We receive other data about you automatically. We use cookies to collect search-related information such as your location. Cookies are small files that our servers install on your computer’s hard drive. They contain encrypted information that only we can read, and only when you visit our website. These cookies help enhance your browsing experience. If you wish, you can adjust your browser settings to stop cookies installing on your computer. However, if you do this, you may find that some images fail to display correctly or that you are unable to access some sections of the website. Cookies are stored on your computer’s hard drive for a maximum of twelve (12) months. We also automatically collect your TCP/IP address, your browser version and the last web page that you viewed.   2. Why do we collect your personal data? 2.1. General purposes We need your personal data:
to provide you with information and relevant advertising on our website
to send you, via email, information and request the details we need to fulfil your orders
to conduct market research and produce visitor statistics for the various sections of our website
and more generally, to administer our website and improve your browsing experience
etc.
2.2. Direct marketing and third-party communication We treat your personal data as confidential information. We never share your data with third parties or use it for direct marketing purposes unless you have opted in by checking the relevant boxes on our website. If you have opted in, you are free to withdraw your consent at any time. By law, you have the right to object to the processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes. You can exercise this right on request, free of charge. Simply write to us at info@tuningbox.com.   3. How do we keep your personal data confidential? We have security policies in place to protect your personal data, as far as possible, against:
unauthorised access or modification inappropriate use or disclosure unlawful destruction or accidental loss.
Our employees with access to your data are bound by a strict confidentiality obligation.   4. How can you access your personal data? You can contact us, free of charge, to request access to your personal data, or to ask us to delete your data from our database. Simply write to us, including a copy of your ID card, and we will fulfil your request at the earliest opportunity.   5. General Information We pride ourselves on having personal data protection procedures that comply to the letter with applicable Belgian and European Union law:
the Belgian Law of 8 December 1992 on the protection of privacy in relation to the processing of personal data the European Directive of 12 July 2002 concerning the processing of personal data and the protection of privacy in the electronic communications sector.
We have submitted a declaration to the Belgian Privacy Commission in relation to the processing of personal data. Please note that we accept no liability for the privacy policies of other websites that you may access by clicking links on our website, or of third-party or partner websites.
Products TuningBox Classic TuningBox Evolution Tune Pedal TuningBox Fusion TuningBox Agri Quality & Warranties
TuningBox About us Customer Services Terms and conditions Privacy Legal notice
Catalogue Chiptuning unit Cars Chiptuning unit Forest Machines Chiptuning unit Tractors Chiptuning unit Boats Products Catalogue in PDF
Around the world TuningBox Belgium TuningBox France TuningBox USA TuningBox Colombia TuningBox Russia TuninbBox Australia Other countries
Resellers Pro area Become a reseller
My account My cart Sign In
TuningBox is available for a wide range of brands :
AC Acura Alfa Romeo Alpheon Alpina Alpine Aston Martin Audi Bentley Bmw Cadillac Can-Am Caterham Chevrolet Chrysler Citroen Corvette Cupra Dacia Daewoo Daihatsu Datsun Dodge Ferrari Fiat Ford Foton Genesis GMC Gwm Haval Holden Honda Hummer Hyundai Infiniti Isuzu Iveco Jac Jaguar Jeep Kia KTM Lamborghini Lancia Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus LTI Mahindra Man Maserati Maxus Maybach Mazda McLaren Mercedes Mg Mini Mitsubishi Morgan Nissan Opel Perodua Peugeot Polaris Porsche Renault Rolls-Royce Rover Saab Scion Seat Skoda Smart Spyker Ssangyong Subaru Suzuki Tata Tesla Toyota Volkswagen Volvo Westfield Wiesmann
TuningBox is a registered trademark Copyright : TuningBox SRL Ruthier 1 4950 Faymonville BELGIUM
0
This website uses cookies and gives you the control over what you want to activate.
Accept cookies Manage my cookies