http://www.firstmagazine.com/terms.aspx
skip navigation
HomeAbout UsProfileManagementSenior AdvisorsTestimonialsRecruitmentContact UsPublishingAbout PublishingFIRST MagazineSpecial ReportsSpecialist PublishingBooksEventsAbout Events2020 Events2019 Events2018 EventsArchiveAwardsAbout AwardsAward Advisory Panel2019 Award2018 Award2017 Award2016 Award2015 AwardArchiveMake a NominationNewsPartnersReadership/AdvertisingReadership ProfileAdvertisingEditorial Style SheetMechanical DataSubscribe/Purchase
Home
Home
Terms and Conditions
Please read through these Terms carefully. By
accessing the firstmagazine.com website, www.firstmagazine.com ("the Site") or by otherwise accessing any
content found on this web site, you are deemed to have entered into an
agreement with FIRST Magazine Limited ‘FIRST Magazine’ and to have agreed to be
bound by the terms set out below. The Site is owned and operated by FIRST
Magazine.
FIRST, FIRST Magazine are
trading names of:
FIRST Magazine Limited
Registered
in England and Wales. No.2017939
VAT no:
GB 446 1808 45
Registered
office: 6 Vigo Street, Mayfair London W1S 3HF, UK
Intellectual Property Protection
Use of FIRST Magazine Content
Licence Fee Payment and Transactions
Term and Termination
Changes to the Site
Registration, Passwords and
Responsibilities
Privacy Policy
No Warranty, Disclaimer of Liability and
Indemnity
Force Majeure
Miscellaneous
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
Delivery
Cancellation and Refund policy
These terms were last updated on 27 February 2013.
Intellectual Property Protection
The contents and design of the Site and any material
e-mailed to you or otherwise supplied to you in conjunction with the Site (such
contents, design and materials being collectively referred to as the “FIRST
Magazine Content"), are copyright of FIRST Magazine Limited and its
licensors. You may not use or reproduce or allow anyone to use or reproduce any
trade marks (such as “FIRST Magazine” name and logo or other trade names
appearing on the Site) for any reason without written permission from FIRST
Magazine Ltd. The software which operates the Site is proprietary software and
you may not use it except as expressly allowed under these Terms. You may not
copy, reverse engineer, modify or otherwise deal with the software.
Use of FIRST Magazine Content
You may retrieve and display FIRST Magazine Content on
a computer screen or (if expressly authorised) mobile telephone, print
individual pages on paper (but not photocopy them) and store such pages in
electronic form on your mobile telephone for your personal, non-commercial use.
Except as expressly set out above, you may not reproduce, modify or in any way
commercially exploit any of the Content. In particular, but without limiting
the general application of the restrictions contained in the preceding
sentence, you may not do any of the following without prior written permission
from FIRST Magazine:
reproduce or store in or transmit to any other web site,
newsgroup, mailing list, electronic bulletin board, server or other
storage device connected to a network or regularly or systematically store
in electronic or print form, all or any part of FIRST Magazine content, or
modify, publish, transmit, participate in the transfer or sale of,
reproduce, create derivative works from, distribute, perform, display, or
in any way exploit all or any part of FIRST Magazine Content (including
use as part of any library, archive or similar service) without the prior
written consent of FIRST Magazine Ltd.,
remove the copyright or trade mark notice from any copies of FIRST
Magazine Content made under these Terms.
Any use of FIRST Magazine Content not specifically
permitted above is expressly prohibited. Requests for permission for other uses
may be sent to the Publisher, FIRST Magazine Ltd., 56 Haymarket, London SW1Y 4RN,
and may be subject to a fee.
Licence Fee, Payment, and
Transactions
Access to certain FIRST Magazine Content may be
subject to a fee. All payments (including applicable taxes) must be made in
advance in UK Pounds Sterling or other currency specified by FIRST Magazine Ltd.
You are responsible for the payment of all charges associated with the use of
the Site using your ID.
You may use the Site to purchase products or services
from FIRST Magazine’s third party partners. In that event, your contract for
such products will be with the third party partner and not with FIRST Magazine.
Refunds can only be made to the credit/debit/charge
card that was used for the original purchase. All refunds are at the discretion
of FIRST Magazine Ltd.
Term and Termination
FIRST Magazine may, in its discretion, terminate or
suspend your access to all or part of the Site (including any right to access
and use the FIRST Magazine Content) with or without cause by delivering notice
to you.
The rights of termination are in addition to all other
rights or remedies of FIRST Magazine provided in these Terms or by law.
Changes to the Site
FIRST Magazine reserves the right, in its discretion,
to suspend, change, modify, add or remove portions of FIRST Magazine Content
available on the Site at any time and to restrict the use and accessibility of
the Site.
Registration, Passwords and
Responsibilities
Certain areas of the Site are only open to you if you
register. You are solely responsible for the confidentiality and use of and
access to FIRST Magazine Content and the Site using your user name, sign-on password,
and/or I.D. You agree to immediately notify FIRST Magazine if you become aware
of any loss or theft of any sign-on password or I.D. or any unauthorised use of
a sign-on password, I.D., user name, or of FIRST Magazine Content or the Site.
You will provide FIRST Magazine with accurate, complete registration
information (including in particular your e-mail address) and inform FIRST
Magazine of any changes to such information. For the purpose of confirming your
compliance with these Terms, FIRST Magazine reserves the right to monitor and
record activity on the Site, including access to FIRST Magazine Content.
Each registration is for a single user only. You may
not share your user name and password with any other person, nor may you share
or transfer your subscription. FIRST Magazine does not permit access through a
single name and password being made available to multiple users on a network. FIRST
Magazine may cancel or suspend your access to the Site if you do this without
further obligation to you.
Privacy Policy
The information that you provide about yourself to FIRST
Magazine will only be used in accordance with FIRST Magazine’s Privacy Policy Statement.
No Warranty, Disclaimer of Liability
and Indemnity
Whilst every effort has been made to ensure the high
quality and accuracy of the Site, FIRST Magazine makes no warranty, express or
implied concerning FIRST Magazine Content, the Site, software or products or
services available through the Site (the "Site Services"), which are
provided "as is". FIRST Magazine expressly disclaims all warranties,
including but not limited to warranties of fitness for a particular purpose and
warranties of merchantability. In no event will FIRST Magazine, its affiliates
or other suppliers be liable for direct, special, incidental, or consequential
damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of business profits,
business interruption, loss of business information or other pecuniary loss)
arising directly or indirectly from the use of (or failure to use) or reliance
on the Site Services, even if FIRST Magazine has been advised of the
possibility that such damages may arise. FIRST Magazine does not guarantee the
accuracy, content, or timeliness of the Site Services, or that they are free
from viruses or other contaminating or destructive properties.
In no event will any liability of FIRST Magazine, its
affiliates, agents and licensors to you (and/or any third party) arising out of
any kind of legal claim (whether in contract, tort, or otherwise) in any way
connected with the Site Services or breach of these Terms by FIRST Magazine
exceed the amount, if any, paid by you to FIRST Magazine in respect of the
particular Site Service to which the claim relates.
Upon FIRST Magazine’s request, you agree to defend,
indemnify and hold harmless FIRST Magazine from any claims and expenses,
including reasonable legal fees, related to any breach of these Terms by you or
your use of any Site Services.
Force Majeure
FIRST Magazine, its affiliates and its information
providers will not be liable or deemed to be in default for any delay or
failure in performance or interruption of the delivery of FIRST Magazine Content
resulting directly or indirectly from any cause or circumstance beyond its or
their reasonable control, including but not limited to failure of electronic or
mechanical equipment or communication lines, telephone or other interconnect
problems, computer viruses, unauthorised access, theft, operator errors, severe
weather, earthquakes or natural disasters, strikes or other labour problems,
wars, or governmental restrictions.
Miscellaneous
Changes to these Terms. FIRST Magazine may, in its discretion, change these
Terms (including those relating to your use of the Site and/or FIRST Magazine Content).
When Terms are changed, FIRST Magazine will notify you by publishing details of
those changes by including them in these Terms. If you use the Site after FIRST
Magazine has published the changes, you are agreeing now to be bound by those
changes. If you do not agree to be bound by those changes, you should not use
the Site any further after they are published. Access to certain FIRST Magazine
Content may be subject to additional terms and conditions.
Third Party Content and other Web Sites. Parts of the Site may contain third party content. Other
content providers are responsible for ensuring that material submitted for
inclusion on the Site complies with international and national law. The Site
may contain links to other web sites. FIRST Magazine is not responsible for the
availability of these web sites or their contents.
Assignment of Agreement. This agreement is personal to you and your rights and
obligations under these Terms may not be assigned, sub-licensed or otherwise
transferred. This agreement may be assigned to a third party by FIRST Magazine.
Non-Waiver. No delay or omission on the part of either party in requiring performance by
the other party of its obligations will operate as a waiver of any right.
Notices. Notices to FIRST Magazine must be given in writing by letter and sent to FIRST
Magazine’s last known place of business in London (for the attention of the Publisher).
Severability/Survival/Statute of Limitations. If any provision of these Terms is invalid or
unenforceable, such will not render all the Terms unenforceable or invalid but
rather the Terms will be read and construed as if the invalid or unenforceable
provision(s) are not contained therein. Any cause of action of yours with
respect to these Terms must be filed in a court of competent jurisdiction in
London, England, within one year after the cause of action has arisen, or such
cause will be barred, invalid, and void.
Whole Agreement. Save as expressly referred to herein, any representation, warranty,
term or condition not expressly set out in these Terms shall not apply.
Headings. Headings in these Terms are for convenience only and have no legal meaning or
effect.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
These Terms shall be governed by, and construed in
accordance with, English law. The parties irrevocably agree that the courts of
England shall (subject to the paragraph below) have exclusive jurisdiction to
settle any dispute which may arise out of, under, or in connection with these
Terms or the legal relationship established by them, and for those purposes
irrevocably submit all disputes to the jurisdiction of the English courts.
For the exclusive benefit of FIRST Magazine, FIRST
Magazine shall retain the right to bring proceedings as to the substance of the
matter in the courts of the country of your residence or, where these Terms are
entered into in the course of your trade or profession, the country of your
principal place of business.
DeliveryWe aim to deliver all hard copy products via mail within 3 weeks to UK addresses and five weeks for rest of world if the goods are in stock.
If the goods you order are “Out of Stock” we will contact you to inform you.
Cancellation and Refund policy
Once payment is made, orders are not cancellable.
Please check the goods on delivery and ensure that they are supplied correctly.
If any of the goods prove to be damaged or not supplied as ordered, please return them within 7 days in the original packaging and in an unused condition for a full refund less of any postage costs.
If you do not receive the Products you have ordered within 30 days of payment you must notify us immediately. In the absence of such notice from you to us the Products shall be deemed to have been delivered and accepted by you complete and in a satisfactory condition.
Subscriptions
You may cancel your subscription at the end of your chosen period (annual or biennial) by contacting us at: publisher@firstmagazine.com.
Unless you inform us otherwise, we will issue an invoice and charge the credit card used with the initial order at the beginning of each new subscription period.
Last amended: 11 August 2017
Back to top
All content © Copyright 2020 First | Site Design by Trickster
6 Vigo Street, Mayfair, London W1S 3HF, UK
|
Terms & Conditions | Privacy PolicyTel: +44 (0) 20 7440 3500
|
Company No: 02017939