https://www.manaonline.org/privacy-policy/
Member Login
Membership
Find Reps
What’s New
Contact
Manufacturers’ Agents National Association (MANA) values your privacy. Web site visitors may log on and no personal information is collected. MANA does not share e-mail addresses or other personal information provided to MANA except to the extent necessary to complete transactions. Information collected is utilized to improve the MANA Site, products, and services and is not shared with other organizations or individuals. MANA members may be notified about newsletters, special offers or events that MANA sponsors. MANA members may be listed on our online directory so they can locate agents or manufacturers, but they may choose not to be listed. MANA does not sell, rent or market personal information to third parties.
Advertising
MANA advertises online in various contexts including search engine results and third-party websites. In some cases, MANA uses targeted advertising that is displayed to visitors based on their activity on MANA’s websites. MANA uses services provided by third-party vendors, including Google, to deliver advertising. These third-party vendors use cookies to serve ads based on visitors’ past visits to MANA’s websites. While the advertising cookies do not contain personal information, they identify your browser uniquely to third parties, allowing said parties to track you across the Web. Visitors can opt out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting Google’s Ads Settings or by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
Find manufacturers' reps in the largest searchable database of independent sales agents
MANA LineFinder®: Largest searchable database of manufacturers who use reps
Agency Sales Magazine: The only monthly business magazine devoted to reps and principals
Rep Agreement Guidelines: Get principals and reps on same page to thrive together
Steps To Rep Professionalism: Learn to be the best rep you can be!
Steps To Becoming a High-Quality Principal: Best practices help you thrive with reps!
Search for: