http://www.paperdirect.com/customer-support/faq/general-questions/return-policy
Customer SupportFAQGeneral QuestionsReturn Policy
General Questions
2020 Hours
January 2 - April 2, 2020
8am - 5:30pm
April 3 - June 3, 2020
9am - 5:00pm
June 4 - August 31,  2020
9am - 4pm
September 3 - December 14, 2020
8:30am - 4:30pm
December 17 - December 31, 2020
8:30am - 4:30pm
Holiday Closing Schedule
July 4
July 5
July 19
Aug 2
Sept 2 - Labor Day
Nov 28
Nov 29
Dec 25
Where can I get a copy of Paper Direct W9
Download a PDF copy here
Do I have to pay taxes on my order?
1.) Terms of Use
We will add sales tax when the order is processed (if applicable). Your purchase is not exempt from sales or use tax merely because it is made over the Internet or by other remote means. States require that a consumer's sales or "Use Tax" be paid annually on the appropriate tax forms. Please be aware that we are required to provide several states as well as consumers in those states with an annual statement that will include your name, billing and shipping address, and the total dollar amount of your purchase
2.) I have been charged sales tax, but we are tax exempt.
We will add sales tax, if applicable in your state. However, if you already have an exemption certificate on file with our company, your final invoice will reflect that exemption.
3.) How do I submit my exemption forms if I am a new customer, or if I want to ensure my purchase is made exempt from sales and use tax?
You can submit your forms to salestax@paperdirect.com or fax them to 800-210-4423 to the attention of: Tax Department.  Please include your customer number or order number so that we can ensure the exemption is placed on the correct account.
Our credit department can be reached at 800-831-0972, should you have any additional questions regarding exemption.
4.) What forms are accepted to make my account exempt from sales tax?
For Profit Organizations
Multi State Form (MTC)– Uniform Sales & Use Tax Certificate-Multijurisdictional (Accepted by AL, AR, AZ, CO, GA, IA, ID, KS, KY, ME, MI, MN, MO, NC, ND, NE, NJ, NM, NV, OH, OK, PA, RI, SC, SD, TX, UT, VT, WA, WI)
Florida Resale Certificate
Indiana Form ST-105
Louisiana Form R-1042
MA Form ST-4
Mississippi Permit
New York Form ST-120
Virginia Form ST-10
Streamlined Sales Tax Exemption Certificate (Accepted by AR, GA, IA, IN, KS, KY, MI, MN, NC, ND, NE, NJ, NV, OH, OK, RI, SD, TN, UT, VT, WA, WI, WV, WY)
Direct Pay Permit (if applicable) (only valid for State issued)
Note:  If we drop ship product on your behalf to multiple states, we will need the forms that are applicable for each state where product is shipped.
Nonprofit Exempt Organizations/Government Entities/Schools:
Please provide copy of Federal Exempt Letter, Certificate or other proof of Exempt Status.
Please note that W9s, registrations, or sales tax permits/licenses are NOT valid for this purpose.
How do I open a billing account?
Opening A Billing Account
To have your order invoiced, you must place your first billed order by phone.  Please be prepared to provide further information for our credit department if needed.  We would require you to provide your business name, address, phone and fax numbers to run a credit risk analysis.  Should you have any questions regarding opening a billing account, please contact our credit department directly at ar@paperdirect.com.
If you are ordering from an educational institution or government agency, please contact the credit department, as you may already be set up with an account with us.
How do I place an order?
We have four easy ways to order.
Order Online
Shop online for 24-hour convenience. Place your selections in the shopping basket until you are ready to check out. Then, complete the billing information and submit your order.
Order By Mail
Fill out the order form(s), giving all necessary information for each item ordered. A faculty/staff member or other authorized adult must sign the order to authorize shipment and guarantee payment.
Download Order Forms:
General Order Form (pdf)
Order By Fax
Our fax line is open 24 hours a day, seven days a week. Just fax us your order at 800.443.2973. For fax orders, a faculty/staff member or other authorized adult must sign the order to authorize shipment and guarantee payment.
Order By Phone
Your order may be phoned in by authorized personnel. Simply call our toll free order line: 1-800-272-7377.
How do I unsubscribe from emails?
Click here to unsubscribe from our email marketing campaigns.
If you are having difficulties unsubscribing, please feel free to call us at 800-272-7377 or email us at customerservice@paperdirect.com .
How to find saved projects or order history
1) Sign in to your account at the top of the page
2) Add the top of the page go to my account
3) Scroll down to Order History | Saved Projects
4)You should be able to see both History of orders and Saved Projects
Volume orders and discounts
Large-quantity orders may be eligible for special volume discounts! Just call 800-865-8634 or email us at volumesales@paperdirect.com.
What is Design Services?
Send us your text, logos, photos, or signatures and our professional designers will lay out all the elements to create a polished masterpiece. (NOTE: You must call or email us before sending your text and images.) With design services you will receive:
LOGOS—we can create one for you. And we can upgrade your image from Internet-ready low resolution to print-ready high resolution.
AFFORDABLE prices starting at just $29.99/hour. Add signatures to cards for a $15 charge. Proofs are $10 per proof.
FAST shipping—your job prints and is ready to ship about 3 business days after final approval.
ART GUIDELINES—acceptable file formats for original e-mailed artwork: Illustrator CS4 or CS5 or earlier. NOTE: Please convert your art to paths/ outlines and include your font folder in your file. We suggest saving your file to a PDF for any office programs. Keep file size under 10MB. If your file is over 10MB, compress into a ZIP or SIT file. Call us at 866-723-2616 for more help
on sending your artwork to us.
Why does my saved project not show?
If you created a project before 12/6/2017 and it does not show in your "My Account" page please call 1-800-272-7377 and we will help you a long your way.
Please Note: Saved Projects that were tied to discontinued products were not transferred to your account.
What is custom print shop?
Save time by letting us print your communications for you then ship them in 1–2 business days! Our online tool allows you to easily lay out your information, change fonts and font colors, and utilize features like FREE logo and photo uploads. You’ll save money on ink cartridges plus keep your office printer free for everyday use.
PROFESSIONAL time-saving printing.
FREE logo, photo, and text uploads.
FAST shipping—most orders ship in 1–2 business days.
FREE choice of fonts, colors, and paper stocks.
VISIT PaperDirect.com and click “Custom Print” to get started!
What payment methods do you accept?
PaperDirect's® web site accepts major credit cards and direct billing on approved accounts when you enter your corresponding account number. If you would like to place your order by mail, you may pay by check, cashier's check, money order or credit card. Returned checks are subject to a $20 charge. Accounts 30 days and over are subject to a finance charge of 1.5% per month. We do not accept C.O.D.s. Please see "Using My Account" on how to open a billing account with us. Please note if you choose to be direct billed, your order may be slightly delayed while our credit department reviews your account.
What are paper templates?
Now you can get a FREE individual template for any design and format you order! A template is a document you open in MS Word® or Publisher (97 and above) that contains all the margins and text boxes to lay out your particular format! The price was originally $3 each, but now you can download them online or call us to request them FREE!
Shop for a product design & click "Download"
Follow instructions to remove background graphic and watermarks
Add your text & images
Print your product on our designed paper
What is your return policy?
Returns/Exchanges
We stand behind our products 100%. Merchandise may be returned within 30 days of receipt for a refund or exchange. Products must be returned in good, useable condition and in original packaging. Return shipping charges are the responsibility of the customer. There is a 15% restocking fee for most returns and exchanges; please call for details.
If an item is defective or damaged, it does not need to be returned. Please call us; we will gladly issue an exchange or full refund, including shipping costs.
The following items are non-refundable and may be exchanged only:
• Binding machines and portable presentation displays (may be exchanged only if defective; if returned for any other reason, a 15% restocking fee will be charged) • Opened software (only if defective)
The following items may not be returned:
• Food items
• Personalized or custom imprinted items (For problems with personalized or custom imprinted items, like address labels, holiday cards, custom print shop products, or engraved gifts.
• Please call us at 1-800-272-7377. Our phone lines are open M-F, 8 am - 5:30 pm, CST.)
Return Instructions:
1) Complete the return/exchange section on the back of your packing slip. If you have misplaced your packing slip, fill out a Printable Return Form to include in your return package.
2) Place the item in original packaging, if possible.
For large packages (more than 10 items) or if you want to use a shipping provider other than UPS: You may send your package back via any shipping provider you choose; follow the shipping provider’s instructions on how to fill out and print a label. Please use a traceable method for your return.
Shipping
How can I check the status of my order? Has it shipped, yet?
To check your order online, just click on the “Shipping Status” link at the top of our website. All you need is your order number and email address. To verify your order by telephone, please contact our Customer Service Department toll-free at 1-800-272-7377.
How soon can I expect to receive my order once it is placed?
Production times vary. Please check the production time listed above each item.
US Shipping methods and rates
Order Total
Ground
2nd Day*
Next Day*
$
0
$ 30
$ 13.99
$ 19.99
$ 24.99
$
30
$ 60
$ 15.99
$ 23.99
$ 32.99
$
60
$ 100
$ 17.99
$ 26.99
$ 36.99
$
100
$ 150
$ 21.99
$ 28.99
$ 37.99
$
150
$ 200
$ 25.99
$ 32.99
$ 41.99
$
200
$ 250
$ 31.99
$ 35.99
$ 44.99
$
250
$ 300
$ 37.99
$ 38.99
$ 48.99
Over $300
Add'l $15/$100
Add'l $15/$100
Add'l $15/$100
Ground Shipping in the U.S.
Orders ship Monday–Friday only. Orders ship the same day if received by 4 p.m. ET, except for personalized items, Custom
Print orders, volume orders (26+ boxes), and manufacturer- shipped items, which require extra time.
Shipping Method
1. See the chart and map to determine your desired delivery time and corresponding shipping rates. Orders placed by 4 p.m. ET (excluding personalized items, Custom Print orders, volume orders of 26+ boxes, and manufacturer-shipped items) ship the same day, Monday–Friday, pending credit approval or credit card approval.
2. We ship UPS Ground whenever possible, so please provide a street address. See the Ground Shipping
Map at left for the estimated number of business days needed for UPS Ground shipping.
3. If shipping outside the 48 contiguous United States (AK/HI/PR) or to Canada, call for rates.
4. All APO and P.O. Box orders ship via U.S. Priority Mail. Canadian orders ship via UPS Standard or UPS Worldwide Expedited.
5. For shipping to more than one address, add the full shipping amount for the merchandise to be delivered to each address. Call for details.
6. Deliveries to business addresses require a signature.
7. Questions? Call 800-272-7377.
Canadian Shipping
We ship to Canada via UPS Standard or UPS Worldwide Expedited. Rates for UPS Standard (delivery within 7–10 business days) do not include charges for customs clearance. Rates for UPS Worldwide Expedited (delivery within 2 business days) include door-to-door service and in-house customs clearance. Service providers may also collect taxes and duties at time of delivery; payment of such fees is the sole responsibility of the recipient. If you have questions about our UPS rates, please contact a Customer Service
Representative via phone, email, or chat.
Do you ship internationally?
Yes, for more information please call 1-800-272-7377.
What if I need my items in a hurry?
Please call 1-800-272-7377 for rush availability.
What if something is damaged during shipping?
Please call 1-800-272-7377.
Will I be charged for shipping?
PaperDirect charges for shipping. Orders are shipped UPS ground service when possible. Shipping charges will be added to your order.
Products
Are all of your products online?
At PaperDirect, we do our best to keep our site updated with the latest and most current product information.
Can I be sent a sample of a product?
By requesting FREE samples and choosing PaperDirect®, you get:
To experience the quality firsthand
Expert service and live chat
100% satisfaction
Largest variety of products
1. Shop for the product(s) you'd like a sample of.
(Please note: not all products have Free Samples available, see the 'Products Included' section below)
2. Click on the "Order Free Sample" button:
3. 1 item will automatically be added to your cart
Order up to 8 different samples.  If you need more, please call 800.272.7377
Products Included:  A sample is a single piece of a paper product that you may request free with no shipping or handling charge to see and feel our quality. Non-paper products such as trophies and wooden frames are not available as samples. Most of our samples are full size, unless you have requested multiple colors of jacket covers or specialty papers. In these cases, we will send either a partial sheet, or one full size jacket cover.
Some paper products with specialty foil colors and inks may not be available as Free Samples. In these instances, the base product will be shipped. Please call 800.272.7377 as we may be able to accommodate your needs.
No Ground Shipping Cost:  There is no charge for ground shipping in the continental US. You will receive a coupon to be used toward your next order for $30 or more from PaperDirect® placed within 30 days. Free samples ship separately from paid orders and are shipped 1st Class Mail with an average shipping time of 5 business days depending on your location.
Express Delivery Costs: If you would like express delivery of your free samples, such as Next Day Air or 2nd Day Air,
there is a charge. Please call 800.272.7377 so we can determine what the cost will be.
Delivery outside of the continental US: There are shipping charges for Guam, Puerto Rico, the US Virgin Islands, all other US territories and APO/FPO addresses outside of the continental US. Additional charges apply for Canada and other international addresses. Please call 800.272.7377 for specific shipping charge information.
For the fastest possible service please call 800.272.7377 for your Free Sample!
Can I change or cancel Custom Print Shop (CPS) items?
Cancellations or changes on CPS orders cannot be accepted once production has started.
What about merchandise lead time?
Lead (production) time varies by product. If you require your product by a certain date, please call 1-800-272-7377 for confirmation.
What if the item(s) I want are out of stock?
We do our best to keep a generous amount of stock on hand. However, due to the popularity of some items they may not be available. If this occurs, we will contact you and offer you a comparable item.
What verse can I choose for my Greeting Card?
Click Here for Holiday Verses
Website
Is this site secure for credit cards?
Yes. We guarantee the safety and security of your online purchasing through our use of Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption technology to safeguard credit cards and other personal information. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.
What is a Mini Cart?
A Mini Cart keeps you updated on the status of your shopping cart while you continue to shop. Instead of returning to your shopping cart, easily view your Mini Cart from anywhere on our website.  Simply mouse over the black Cart button at the top right of the website, and within a couple seconds your Mini Cart will pop up with a summary of the items you have previously added to your Cart.
What is a wish list?
A Wish List is an easy way to save the products you are interested in so they can be purchased later.  When you find a product you're interested in, simply click the blue "Add to Wish List" button directly under the "Add to Cart" button.  The Wish List is an easy way to keep track of everything you'd like to buy at a later date.  Products will never be removed from your Wish List. When you are ready to order, simply click on the Wish List text link at the top right of our website and move your saved products to the shopping cart.
Why did the website change?
We're improving for You!
Things seem a bit different? Don’t worry. We’re still us. We’ve just changed our name and look, and we’ve reorganized to give you easier, better and more convenient ways to find what you need.