https://www.hillshorter.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
0121 553 7011sales@hillshorter.com54 Roebuck Lane, West Bromwich, West Midlands, B70 6QPFacebookTwitter
Home About Us Print Products ServicesDigital Printing Print Finishing Lithographic Printing Design Service Special Products
News Contact
Privacy PolicyYou are here:HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy & Cookie Policy
Hillshorter.com (“We”, “Our”, “Us”)
INFORMATION ABOUT OUR USE OF COOKIES
Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our website. By continuing to browse the website, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer if you agree. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer’s hard drive. We use the following cookies.
Analytical/performance cookies. They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
Please note that third parties (including, for example, advertising networks and providers of external services like web traffic analysis services) may also use cookies, over which we have no control. These cookies are likely to be analytical/performance cookies or targeting cookies.
You block cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of our website.
Changes to our cookie policy
Any changes we may make to our cookie policy in the future will be posted on this page.
Last Updated: 30th April 2018
Need Help? We are open until 6pm today, call us on
0121 553 7011 or email
sales@hillshorter.com
Go to Top