http://www.scfhp.com/terms-and-conditions/
Skip to main content
Home
Terms and conditions
Terms and conditions
These terms and conditions were last updated in August of 2009.
Introduction
Please read the following terms and conditions carefully before using this website. The following terms and conditions apply to this website, and by using the site, you consent to be bound by these terms and conditions of use. If you do not consent, please do not use this website. These terms and conditions are subject to change from time to time, as deemed necessary by SCFHP.
Liability
The information contained in this website is provided "as is," without any express or implied warranties, including but not limited to, warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. SCFHP does not guarantee that access to this website will be uninterrupted or error free. Information on this website may contain inaccuracies or errors. SCFHP has no obligation to update this site. Therefore any information presented may be out of date. BY ACCESSING THIS SITE, YOU AGREE THAT UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL SCFHP BE HELD LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT OR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES THAT MAY ARISE FROM YOUR USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE, THIS WEBSITE. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages. In such jurisdictions, our liability is limited to the greatest extent permitted by law.
SCFHP does not guarantee or warrant that files accessed on this website, and/or available for downloading from this site, are or will be free of viruses, worms, Trojan horses, or other contaminating or destructive properties. You access and download information from this site at your own risk.
The health information and other information on the SCFHP web--site is general in nature. It is provided as a public service, for information purpose only. This information does not constitute medical advice or legal advice or professional services. In particular, the health information on this site is not intended as a substitute for seeing your doctor or other professional advisor. Always consult your doctor if you have specific healthcare needs. Your doctor can provide necessary medical diagnosis and treatment. Your doctor may also be able to provide more up-to-date information than appears on this website. Do not rely on the information on this site to self-diagnose your illness. You should never disregard medical advice or delay seeking such advice because of anything you read on or through this website. Although we try to verify that the information on the site is correct, the information on this website may be incomplete, inaccurate or outdated. SCFHP will not be responsible, under any theory of liability or indemnity, for your use of, or reliance on, the information on this site.
Minors and Child Online Privacy Protection Act
This website is not intended for persons under the age of 18. SCFHP makes no attempt to collect personal information from children under the age of 18. We believe children should have permission from their parents or legal guardian to use this site or to submit personal information to SCFHP. Therefore, this site is not subject to the Child Online Privacy Protection Act. If you allow your minor child or a child for whom you are a legal guardian to access and/or provide information to this website, you agree that you will be solely responsible for the online conduct of the minor child. You agree that you will be solely responsible for monitoring that child's access to, and use of, this website. And, you agree that you will be responsible for any consequences of that child's use of this site.
Links to third-party websites
SCFHP provides links to certain third-party websites that we believe may be of interest to our visitors. These links to non-SCFHP websites are provided for your convenience and information only. We do not control the content, accuracy or privacy policies of these linked websites. Therefore, we are not responsible for it. You use these non-SCFHP websites at your own risk.
We reserve the right to terminate a link to a third party website at any time. The fact that we provide a link to a third-party website does not necessarily mean that we endorse, authorize or sponsor that website, nor that we are affiliated with the third-party website's owners or sponsors.
Privacy policy
Personal information submitted to us will be treated in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Proprietary rights & restricted use
This website's content is copyrighted and protected by U.S. and worldwide copyright laws and treaty provisions. In addition, this website's content is protected by trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communication regulations and statutes. You are not authorized to post on or transmit to or from this website any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, scandalous, inflammatory, pornographic, or profane material, or any other content that could give rise to any civil or criminal liability under the law. You may print a copy of the information contained herein for your personal use only. But you may not:
use the names Santa Clara Family Health Plan, Santa Clara County Health Authority, SCFHP or our logo, registered or unregistered, in any way, including in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of materials on this website;
hyperlink to this website, reproduce or distribute the text or graphics to others;
substantially copy the information onto your own server;
without the prior written permission of SCFHP, and then only if any and all copyright, service marks and other proprietary notices are kept intact. You may request permission by sending a request to:
Santa Clara Family Health PlanCompliance DepartmentPO Box 18880San Jose, CA  95158
or via email to Compliance@scfhp.com.
Location and Licensure
SCFHP is the County Health Authority for Santa Clara County, California. SCFHP was created by County ordinance and is a public agency. SCFHP's legal name is the Santa Clara County Health Authority, doing business as Santa Clara Family Health Plan. But SCFHP and the County of Santa Clara are separate legal entities. The County and its officials, employees and agents are not responsible for the obligations of SCFHP. SCFHP does not intend to, nor do they have the power to, confer on any person or entity any rights or remedies against the County or any officials, employees or agents of the County.
SCFHP is licensed by the California Department of Managed Health Care and is authorized to do business in Santa Clara County, California only. Information that SCFHP publishes on this website may contain references or cross-references to products, programs or services of SCFHP that are not available in your county, state or country. The products referred to on this website may be offered and sold only to persons residing in Santa Clara County, California.
If you access this site outside of the United States, you are responsible for compliance with U.S. and local law, if local laws are applicable. No software may be downloaded or otherwise exported in violation of U.S. Export Control Laws.
Please see the Contact us section of this website for the address and telephone numbers of SCFHP.
Updates
Please review this notice periodically for changes and updates. SCFHP reserves the right to make changes to any section of this website, including this Legal Notices and Disclaimer section. To notify you of when the Legal Notice and Disclaimer Section was last revised, please see the Last Revision Date section at the beginning of this Statement.
Contact us
SCFHP Main Office6201 San Ignacio AveSan Jose, CA  95119Phone: 1-408-376-2000Hours: 8:30 a.m. to 5 p.m., Monday–FridayMap and driving directions