https://www.redskyit.com/privacy/
Privacy Notice
This privacy notice explains how RedSky IT (Hemel) Ltd use personal information.When we refer to personal information about you this includes details we collect, process and hold on individuals of the companies who engage us for the delivery of services.
What information do we collect about you?
We collect information about you when you engage us for the supply of one of our Operational, Commercial and Finance systems, or its ancillary services.We may collect information such as your name, contact details including telephone and e-mail addresses and job title.We may also collect information when you voluntarily complete client surveys or provide feedback to us.
Why do we need to collect and use your personal data?
The primary legal basis for the processing of your data is for the performance of our contract with your employer. The information that we collect about you is for the purpose of providing you with the services we are engaged to deliver.
How will we use the information about you?
Without collecting your personal data we would be unable to fulfil our contractual duties such as advice on updates to software or changes to regulatory and legal processing.
Who might we share your information with?
In order to deliver our services we will share information internally with employees and sub contractors engaged with us to deliver the contract. Both employees and subcontractors are employed and bound by confidentiality terms within their own contracts. They will respect your privacy at all times.Where it is necessary for personal data to be shared for processing we will require the use of appropriate security measures to protect your personal data in transit. This will include the use of passwords, the encryption or anonymisation of data where this is possible.We may hold data during the data loading stages of an implementation.
How long do we keep hold of your information?
We will hold contract information on our customers for the duration of the contract and thereafter for seven years as an archive record.During the implementation process we may hold your data for the purposes of system migration. This will be stored in a central secure area and information will be deleted once the implementation process has been completed.You have the right to request deletion of your personal data. We’ll comply with this request, subject to the restrictions of any regulatory obligations and legitimate interests as noted above.
How can I access the information you hold about me?
You have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you. If you’d like a copy of some or all of your personal information please email or write to us using the contact details noted below.We have an obligation to ensure that your personal information is accurate and up to date. Please ask us to correct or remove any information that you think is incorrect.
On what legal basis will we process your information?
The primary reason for processing your information would be in the performance of a contract, the other reasons are set out below.Legitimate InterestWe may use your name and email contact details you have given us to tell you about our own products and services and those of the other companies in our group, which we think may be of interest to you. You can ask us to stop doing so at any time.ConsentWe may in future ask your consent for us to use your name, phone number and contact address to tell you about products and services we think may be of interest, you have the right, at any time, to withdraw your consent and stop us from contacting you in this way.Sharing of data with Third partiesWe will not share your information for marketing purposes with any companies outside of the JDM Technology Group.We may disclose your personal data without your permission to the extent that we are required to do so by law or regulation.
Using our Website
Our website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (‘Google’). Google Analytics uses cookies (text files placed on your computer) to help the website operators analyse how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of our website and enable us to compile reports on our website activity. Google may share the information with other website operators or use this to provide other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. By using our website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.We use Hotjar in order to better understand our users’ needs and to optimize our service and experience. Hotjar is a technology service that helps us better understand our users’ experience (eg how much time they spend on which pages, which links they choose to click, what users do and don’t like) and this enables us to build and maintain our service with user feedback. Hotjar uses cookies and other technologies to collect data on our users’ behaviour and their devices. This includes a device’s IP address (processed during your session and stored in a de-identified form), device screen size, device type (unique device identifiers), browser information, geographic location (country only), and the preferred language used to display our website. Hotjar stores this information on our behalf in a pseudonymized user profile. Hotjar is contractually forbidden to sell any of the data collected on our behalf.For further details, please see the ‘about Hotjar‘ section of Hotjar’s support site.For further information visit www.allaboutcookies.orgYou can set your browser not to accept cookies and the above website tells you how to remove cookies from your browser.
How to contact us about the handling of your personal data?
Please contact us if you have any questions about our privacy notice or the information we hold about you.Database ControllerRedSky IT (Hemel) LtdBreakspear ParkBreakspear WayHemel HempsteadHP2 7TETel: 020 3002 8650Email: database.controller@redskyit.comIf after contacting us you are not satisfied then you have the right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority for data protection, which in the UK is the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO). Website: ico.org.uk/
How can you find any updates to our Privacy Notice?
We may update our Privacy Notice at any time, a copy can be found at www.redskyit.com. The notice was last updated on 02 November 2020.
Search
Explore RedSkyProducts About RedSky News Contact CONTACT REDSKYPhone:+44 (0) 203 002 8600Email:hello@redskyit.comContact Me About This Page
Contact Me sidebar
If you are human, leave this field blank.
Name
Email
reCAPTCHA
Contact Me
Latest News
RedSky nominated as finalist in Construction Computing Awards 2019
September 25, 2019/ 0 Comments
Dashboards provide a succinct view of project metrics
August 27, 2019/ 0 Comments
Zendesk has arrived!
August 12, 2019/ 0 Comments
Upcoming Events
No posts found.
CONTACT US
+44 (0) 203 002 8600
hello@redskyit.com
Breakspear Park, Breakspear Way, Hemel Hempstead, Herts, HP2 4TZ
PRIVACY
Privacy Notice
customers
Login to Customer Portal
Knowledge Base
Connect
Linkedin
Facebook
Twitter
EXPLORE
Products
About
Contact
© All rights reserved - RedSky - Part of the JDM Technology Group
Close Menu
Close Panel
Search
Contact RedSkyPhone:+971 (0) 4 365 1200Email:hello@redskyit.comLatest News
RedSky nominated as finalist in Construction Computing Awards 2019
September 25, 2019/ 0 Comments
Dashboards provide a succinct view of project metrics
August 27, 2019/ 0 Comments
“We just look back and laugh… we don’t work that way any more”
August 1, 2019/ 0 Comments
Upcoming Events
No posts found.
By continuing to use this website, you consent to the use of cookies in accordance with our Privacy Policy. Accept