https://www.essexindustries.org/privacy-notice/
My Account
Order Status
Wish Lists
View Cart
Sign In
Create Account
Search
Advanced Search |
Search Tips
Essex Industries
Manufacturer of Fine Canoe Accessories
Mineville, NY 12956      518-942-6671
PRODUCTS
Canoe Accessories
Canoe Backrests
Canoe Seats
Canoe Yokes & Thwarts
Seat Spacers
Adirondack Guide Boat Products
Hardware
Camp Stools
Porch Furniture
Novelties
INFORMATION
Home / About EI
Contact Us
Privacy Notice
Shipping & Returns
Canoe 101
EI History
Privacy Notice
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy, we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
Information We Collect
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Essex Industries website. On some pages, you can order products, make requests, and register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages are: your our name, postal address, email address, phone number, etc.
On some pages, you can submit information about other people. For example, if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient, you will need to submit the recipient's address. In this circumstance, the types of personal information collected are: their name, postal address, email address, phone number, etc.
How We Use Information
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We use the information you provide about someone else when placing an order only to ship the product and to confirm delivery. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We may offer gift cards by which you can personalize a product you order for another person. Information you provide to us to create a gift card is only used for that purpose, and it is only disclosed to the person receiving the gift.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
You can register with our website if you want to receive our catalog as well as updates on our new products and services. Information you submit on our website will not be used for this purpose unless you fill out the registration form.
We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website and to share with advertisers. For example, we may tell an advertiser that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our website, or that Y number of men and Z number of women filled out our registration form, but we would not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have implemented appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Children's Privacy
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
Access Or Correct Your Information
You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by logging in and clicking on My Account. We use this procedure to better safeguard your information.
Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about our privacy policy, please contact us.
© Copyright 2020 Essex Industries. All rights reserved.
Sitemap | All prices are in USD