http://www.ubiqus.com/en-us/terms-of-use/
US FLAG
(212) 346-6666
New York
(800) 979-5009
Los Angeles
Contact Us (US)
CA FLAG
844 399 0888
Contact Us-MTL
613 233 4407
Contact Us-OTT
Montreal
Terms of Use
Updated: March 2020
1. Introduction
(A) General
Your use of the website is governed by the terms, conditions, and notices contained here, along with any additional terms and conditions presented anywhere else on the website. By making the website available to you, we agree to the Terms of Use, and by using the website you agree to the same. The Terms of Use, along with the Ubiqus Privacy Policy, together set forth the terms and conditions that apply to your use of the website.
(B) Changes to Terms of Use
If Ubiqus ever modifies the Terms of Use, we’ll let you know with updates to this page, and any such modifications will be effective immediately upon posting.
(C) Registration
You may be given the opportunity to register to use our client portal and, if you do, you will be directed to a secure website that conforms in all ways with our Privacy Policy. You will also, in such case, be able to create a user account. Ubiqus will treat any information you provide in strict accordance with our Privacy Policy. When registering, you may be required to choose a password. You acknowledge and agree that Ubiqus may rely on this password to identify you. You are responsible for all use of your account, regardless of whether you authorized such use.
2. Community Guidelines & User Content
(A) Interaction
Ubiqus.com contains certain interactive features to which you may be able to upload documents and other types of content. Should you do so, Ubiqus will treat all content that you upload in strict accordance with our Privacy Policy..
(B) Interactive Area Guidelines
If you upload any content, you agree to abide by the following rules of conduct:
You agree not to upload any content that is protected by copyright, trademark, trade secret or other proprietary right without the express permission of the owner of such copyright, trademark, trade secret or other proprietary right, or that infringes in any way upon the rights of others. You shall be solely liable for any damage resulting from any infringement of copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, other proprietary rights or any other rights of others, and you hereby indemnify and hold Ubiqus harmless with respect thereto;
You agree not to upload, post, or otherwise transmit any content that violates any law;
You agree not to impersonate any person or entity or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with any person or entity;
You agree not to upload any content that contains a virus or other harmful or disruptive component.
Ubiqus reserves the right to terminate the account of anyone that violates the Terms of Use.
3. Intellectual Property Ownership
The entire contents of Ubiqus.com are copyrighted under the United States copyright laws. Ubiqus owns all rights to its logos and trademarks used in connection with the website. You are granted a non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable, and limited license to access and use the website and all other material posted or made available by and through the website in accordance with the Terms of Use.
4. Miscellaneous
These Terms of Use constitute the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all previous written or oral agreements between the parties with respect to such subject matter. If any portion of the Terms of Use is held to be invalid or unenforceable, such portion shall be struck, and the remaining portions shall be enforced. These Terms of Use shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without regard to its conflict of laws principles. The section headings used herein are for convenience only and shall not be given any legal import.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience (read our policy) Cookie settingsACCEPTCookies
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.