http://www.niva.com/legal/
Skip to contentBack To HomeLegalGeneral Disclaimer of LiabilityTHE SERVICE AND CONTENT FROM OR THROUGH THIS SITE ARE PROVIDED “AS-IS,” “AS AVAILABLE,” AND ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, ARE DISCLAIMED (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE DISCLAIMER OF ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE). THE INFORMATION HEREIN MAY CONTAIN BUGS, ERRORS, PROBLEMS OR OTHER LIMITATIONS. THE OWNER OF THIS SITE ASSUMES NO LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN THE CONTENT CONTAINED ON THIS SITE.User agrees to indemnify, defend and hold Owner and its affiliates, licensors, content and service providers, participating publishers, authors, dealers, and suppliers harmless from any liability, loss, claim, and expense, including lawyer’s fees and expenses, related to a User’s violation of this Agreement or use of the Web site.All responsibility or liability for any damages caused by viruses contained within the electronic files or at the site is disclaimed. HyperlinksThis site contains links to other Internet sites. Such links are not endorsements of any products or services in such sites, and no information in such site has been endorsed or approved by the COMPANY.SubmissionsAll remarks, suggestions, ideas, graphics, or other information communicated to the COMPANY through this site (collectively, the “Submission”) will forever be the property of the COMPANY. The COMPANY will not be required to treat any Submission as confidential, and will not be liable for any ideas for its business (including without limitation, product or advertising ideas) and will not incur any liability as a result of any similarities that may appear in future products or operations of the COMPANY. Without limitation, the COMPANY will have exclusive ownership of all present and future existing rights to the Submission of every kind and nature everywhere. The COMPANY will be entitled to use the Submission for any commercial or other purpose whatsoever, without compensation to you or any other person sending the Submission. You acknowledge that you are responsible for whatever material you submit, and you, not the COMPANY, have full responsibility for the message, including its legality, reliability, appropriateness, originality, and copyright.Privacy PolicyWe respect the privacy of everyone who visits this website. As a result we would like to inform you regarding the way we would use your personal data.We recommend you to read this privacy policy so that you understand our approach towards the use of your personal data. By submitting your personal data to us, you will be treated as having given your permission – where necessary and appropriate – for disclosures referred to in this policy. Under no circumstances will The Company sell, distribute, or otherwise disclose personal information or contact lists to third parties. However, limited disclosure may be required as part of The Company fulfilling its stated business duties and day-to-day operations. This may include consultants, suppliers, or business partners of the Company, but only with the understanding that these parties obey and abide by this Privacy Policy, to the extent necessary of fulfilling their own business duties and day-to-day operations.Please be assured that we will not use your information for any purposes if you have indicated that you do not wish us to use your information in this way when submitting the information or at a later stage.Collection of non-personal informationWe may automatically collect non-personal information about you such as the type of internet browsers you use or the website from which you linked to our website. We may also aggregate details which you have submitted to the site (for example, your age and the town where you live). You cannot be identified from this information and it is only used to assist us in providing an effective service on this web site. We may from time to time supply third parties with this non-personal or aggregated data for uses in connection with this website.We have implemented technology and policies with the objective of protecting your privacy from unauthorized access and improper use and will update these measures as new technology becomes available, as appropriate.Let’s get connected.NIVA is a leading Canadian communications firm and trusted partner. We will help you overcome challenges, engage your audience, tell your stories, manage change, and get better results than you could have ever imagined. Reach out to us today to find out more. We look forward to hearing from you.Contact Us Contact UsService Requests / Quotes: info@niva.com613-761-0975Career Opportunities: careers@niva.com Mailing Address:2 Goodfellow CourtOttawa On K2R 1C8Canada