https://www.apgfcu.com/privacy-policy.html
Skip to Main Content
Privacy Policy
APGFCU Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs our practices about how we collect information from you when you visit our website.
Information you provide to us directly
We collect information you provide directly to us. Submitting personal information (name, address, telephone number, email address, employment, income, etc.) is voluntary and is not required to access information on our website. However, you may choose to provide us with personal information – for example by completing a form, or sending us an email.
We will use the information that you provide to respond to your message and/or help us get you the information or services you request. We may share this information with third parties, but you can limit this sharing as described in our Privacy Notice.
Cookies
We also collect certain information automatically. APGFCU utilizes cookies to provide a better experience for our users, outlined below. Please note some functionality of the website may be affected if you disable cookies. To opt-out of the use of cookies, you can disable them via your browser settings and by visiting Google Ads Settings. Alternatively, you can opt out of a third-party vendor's use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
Some of our forms, such as a newsletter sign up, may use cookies to remember if you’ve already registered, or to show certain notifications which may only be valid to members. When submitting data through a form, application or member account login, cookies may be set to remember your user information for future correspondence. Member account logins may also use cookies to remember your preferences.
Our website uses Google Analytics which is one of the most widespread and trusted analytics solution on the web for helping us to understand how you use the site and ways that we can improve your experience. These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site and the pages that you visit so we can continue to produce engaging content. Our website has implemented Remarketing with Google Analytics to advertise online.
Third-party vendors, including Google, may show you ads on sites across the internet. Our website and third-party vendors, including Google, use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) together to inform, optimize, and serve ads based on someone's past visits to this website.
We may also use social media buttons and/or plugins on this site that allow you to connect with your social network in various ways. For these to work the following social media sites including; Facebook, will set cookies through our site which may be used to enhance your profile on their site or contribute to the data they hold for various purposes outlined in their respective privacy policies.
Opt-Out from sharing of your information
To learn how you can opt-out of our sharing of information, please see our Privacy Notice. We are required by law to give you this Privacy Notice to explain how we collect, use and safeguard your personal financial information. If you have any questions, please contact a Member Services Representative at 410-272-4000.
APGFCU will never request sensitive account information through unsolicited phone calls or e-mail messages. If you receive an unsolicited phone call or e-mail message claiming to be from APGFCU or any other group requesting that you provide your account numbers, Social Security number, personal identification numbers (PINs), passwords, or other confidential information, do not divulge any information, do not click on any links, and report the suspected fraudulent to our Member Service Center at 410-272-4000.
Email
E-mail transmissions generally are not secure. APGFCU directs that you do not send or ask for sensitive information such as account numbers, passwords, financial information, etc. via any e-mail system. Please contact APGFCU by telephone or in person for these matters. Alternatively, if you are a user of APGFCU Online Banking, you may use the secure mail service Message Center.
Security
The security of your personal information is important to us. We take reasonable measures to help protect information about you from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. Please understand, however, that no security system is impenetrable. Like other organizations, we cannot guarantee 100% the security or confidentiality of the information you provide to us. Consequently, while we endeavor to safeguard your personal information against unauthorized access and disclosure, we do not warrant or guarantee the absolute security of any personal information you transmit to, from or through the website. If you share your computer or mobile device or use a computer that is accessed by the general public, remember to sign off and close your browser window when you have finished your session. Do not share your mobile device with other individuals. This will help to ensure that others cannot access your personally identifiable information. In the event of a breach of the confidentiality or security of any of your personally identifiable information, we will notify you as required by law, if reasonably possible and as reasonably necessary so that you can take appropriate protective steps. We may notify you under such circumstances using the telephone number or e-mail address(es) we have on record for you or through alternative means, or as otherwise required by law. You should also take care with how you handle and disclose your personally identifiable information. Please refer to the Federal Trade Commission’s Web Site for information about how to protect yourself against identity theft.
Governing Law
This Privacy Policy shall be governed by and construed in accordance with federal statutes and the laws of the State of Maryland. This website is not intended for distribution to, or use by, any person or entity in any jurisdiction or country where such distribution or use would be contrary to local law or regulation.
Children
We do not knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of 13. We do not intend that our service or services be used by children. We request that children under the age of 13 not use or access any functionality of the website or submit any personal information through the service. If we are advised in writing that we have inadvertently received or collected personal information from a child under 13 years of age, we will remove such information from our database. In connection with personal information from children please contact us at the information provided here: Contact Us.
Last modified: May 22, 2018