https://www.fdoutsourcing.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Benefits of Outsourcing
How we do more for less
Why we are different
Services
Accountancy Outsourcing
Advice
Financial Management
Accountancy & Book-keeping
VAT, Payroll & Compliance
Who we can help
Software Solutions
Xero
Sage
Types of delivery
Jobs
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Information Collected and Used
We keep details of your name, address, company, email and telephone number.
FD Outsourcing Ltd will not provide your personal information to any third parties unless we have your express permission in writing. We will store your information on file unless you ask us to remove it by emailing accounts@fdoutsourcing.com or writing to FD Outsourcing Ltd, 30, Basepoint Business Centre, Metcalf Way, Crawley, West Sussex RH11 7XX.
Data Protection
To the extent that any data protection, privacy or similar laws (“Data Protection Laws”) apply to this Agreement, FD Outsourcing Ltd agrees to be bound by, and comply with, the provisions of such laws.
Cookies
“Cookies” are small text files that allow websites to store and retrieve information about you from your computer system. The FD Outsourcing Ltd website uses cookies to track individual site usage for later aggregation. For more information on cookies click here.
Communications from Us
From time to time, we may send you information with announcements and updates about FD Outsourcing Ltd. You may elect to opt-out of ongoing email communication from us by using a simple “opt-out” procedure. You can opt-out by replying with the word “unsubscribe” in the subject line.
Correcting / Updating Personal Information
If your personal information changes, you may update your personal information at any time by sending an email to accounts@fdoutsourcing.com.
You may also delete your personal profile data from our database by sending an email to accounts@fdoutsourcing.com or writing to FD Outsourcing Ltd, 30, Basepoint Business Centre, Metcalf Way, Crawley, West Sussex RH11 7XX.
Policy Changes and Acceptance
This privacy policy is effective as of 10 May 2018. By using our website and its services, you signify your acceptance of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree or are not comfortable with any policy described in this Privacy Policy, you may discontinue use of our website. We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. Your continued use of any portion of our website will constitute your acceptance of these changes.
Contact us now
30, Basepoint Business Centre
Metcalf Way
Crawley
West Sussex
RH11 7XX
Tel: +44 (0)1293 817710
Email: advice@fdoutsourcing.com
Copyright FD Outsourcing Ltd. © 2018 All Rights Reserved
Website Design by
Profitable Websites
Reg. office: 30 Basepoint Business Centre Metcalf Way Crawley West Sussex RH11 7XX Reg. in England & Wales no. 2718086
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkPrivacy policy