http://www.cal-controls.com/privacy-policy/
Press and media
English (US)
French
English (UK)
German
Home
Products
Controllers
Single Loop Controllers
Multi-loop Controllers
Programmers
Limit Controllers
Rail Line System
Obsolete
Ancillary Products
Digital Thermostats
Process Indicators
Transmitters
Chart Recorders
Pressure Transmitters
Thermocouples and temperature sensors
Transmitter power supply and isolating converter
NEW!
KS 98-2 Multi-function Controller
MAXVU Rail
MAXVU Temperature Controller
ET2011 Digital Thermostat
Pro-EC44 Dual Loop Controller
Pro-16 PID Temperature Controller
Services
Select a service
Customer Services
Technical Support
RMA Information
Distribution Partners
FAQs
Order Info
How to Buy?
Minimum Order Value?
Lead Time?
Delivery Information?
Product Support
West Instruments
CAL Controls
PMA
Process Control
About PID Controllers
Temperature Control Glossary
About Defrost Thermostats
Resources
Documentation
Brochures
Manuals
Datasheets
Interface Descriptions
Software
Certificates
3D CAD
Obsolete Product Documents
Resource Library
Application Stories
Whitepapers
Videos
Presentations
Software
Software for CAL Products
Software for PMA Products
Software for West Products
Software for Obsolete Products
News
Contact
Support
Office Locations
Contact Customer Service
Request Technical Support
Contact Human Resources
Quotes & Enquiries
Contact Sales
Ask a Question
Distribution Partners
My Account
Search
Choose language
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Who are we?
We are TGA Industries Ltd trading as West Control Solutions of Unit 5, Hyde Business Park, Brighton BN2 4JU,  Tel  +44 (0)1273 606271,  E-mail: privacy@west-cs.com.
We provide temperature controllers and related services.to customers.
We use your information as further explained in this Privacy Notice.
We do so jointly with PMA Prozess und Maschinen-Automation GmbH, Miramstrasse 87-D-34123, Kassel, Germany,  Tel +49 (0)561 505 1612,  E-mail privacy@pma-online.de.
We’ll be the controllers of the information you provide to us.
Our website links to other websites, which will have their own privacy notices and terms.
What does this Privacy Notice cover?
We at West Control Solutions take your personal data seriously. This policy:
sets out the types of personal data that we collect about you;
explains how and why we collect and use your personal data;
explains how long we keep your personal data for;
explains when, why and with who we will share your personal data;
sets out the legal basis we have for using your personal data;
explains the effect of refusing to provide the personal data requested;
explains where we store your personal data and whether we transfer your data outside of the European Economic Area;
explains the different rights and choices you have when it comes to your personal data; and
explains how you can contact us.
What personal data do we collect about you?
We will collect certain personal information about you in the course of your relationship with us.
This information includes your name, address, and contact details. information collected using CCTV cameras.
Where do we collect personal data about you from?
We may collect personal data about you from the following sources:
Directly from you. This is information you provide to us via our website, business cards or personal contact.
Using CCTV cameras. We have cameras on our premises and your image and movements will be recorded while you are on our sites or premises.
From an agent/third party acting on your behalf. e.g. from one of our recruitment agencies
Through publicly available sources. We use the following public sources:
LinkedIn
Kompass
Facebook
How and why do we use your personal data?
We use your personal data for the following purposes:
to contact you to discuss the services or products you receive from us (and any changes to them);
to advise you of products and services that may be relevant to you;
to respond to any questions or concerns you have raised;
to deal with administrative matters such as invoicing and renewal;
to otherwise carry out our obligations arising under our contract with your and to enforce the same;
to carry out anti-money laundering checks; to verify your identity;
CCTV cameras will record your image and movements while you are on our sites or premises;
We will not use your information for any other purposes unless we are required to do so by law.
How long do we keep your personal data?
How long we keep your information will depend on the purpose for which we use it.
We only keep your information for as long as is reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Notice and to fulfil our legal obligations.  We have internal rules that set out how long we retain information.
In most circumstances your data will not be retained for more than 2 years from the last point at which we provided any services or otherwise engaged with you.
Who do we share your personal data with?
Your personal data may be shared with other organisations as follows.
We share your personal information with third parties who perform functions on our behalf and who also provide services to us, such as professional advisors, IT consultants carrying out testing and development work on our business technology systems, research and mailing houses and function co-ordinators.
We share your personal information with our other Fortive Group companies for internal reasons, primarily for business and operational purposes.
Distribution partners appointed to act on our behalf to deal with your business request.
As we continue to develop our business, we may sell or purchase assets. If another entity acquires us or merges with us your personal information will be disclosed to such entity.
If any bankruptcy or reorganization proceeding is brought by or against us, all such information will be considered an asset of ours and as such it is possible they will be sold or transferred to third parties]
Where required we share your personal information with third parties to comply with a legal obligation; when we believe in good faith that an applicable law requires it; at the request of governmental authorities when conducting an investigation; to detect and protect against fraud, or any technical or security vulnerabilities; to respond to an emergency; or otherwise to protect the rights, property, safety, or security of third parties, visitors to our website, our business, or the public.
These third parties comply with similar and equally stringent undertakings of privacy and confidentiality.
No other third parties have access to your information unless we specifically say so in this Privacy Notice, or the law requires this.
What legal basis do we have for using your personal data?
We process your information:
to be able to provide you with products AND/OR services [in line with our Terms & Conditions] via the West Control Solutions website.
to comply with statutory and regulatory obligations relating to business generally, for example tax, bribery and fraud/crime prevention legislation, and co-operating with regulatory authorities such as HMRC.
to protect your vital interests.
as necessary in pursuit of our legitimate interests in supply of temperature controllers and related services.
What happens if you do not provide us with the information we request or ask that we stop processing your information? [
If you do not provide us with the information we request, or ask that we stop processing your information, we may not be able to fulfil orders that you have placed with us, and we will no longer be able to provide you with details of new or existing products that may be of interest to you.
Do we make automated decisions concerning you?
No, we do not carry out automated decision making or automated profiling.
What about marketing?
West Control Solutions would like to contact you from time to time about our new similar products and promotional offers by email/sms/telephone/post.
You can expect to receive no more than one marketing email per week from us.
You can unsubscribe / opt out at any time by clicking the “Unsubscribe” link in any of our communication or by contacting us using the details at the end of this Privacy Notice.
Where do we store your personal data? Do we transfer your personal data outside the EEA?
All information you provide to us is stored on secure servers.
Where possible, we try to only process your information within the UK and European Economic Area (EEA). If we or our service providers transfer personal data outside of the UK or EEA, we always require that appropriate safeguards are in place to protect the information when it is processed. We have put in place safeguards to protect personal data processed in or accessed from outside of the UK and EEA.  You can obtain a copy of the safeguards in place for such transfers by contacting us using the details at the end of this Privacy Notice.
How do we keep your personal data secure?
We ensure the security of your personal data by organisational and technical security measures such as the use of encryption, firewalls, password protection, ISO certifications.
We also take steps to ensure all our subsidiaries, agents, affiliates, and suppliers employ adequate levels of security.
What rights do you have in relation to the personal data we hold on you?
By law, you have a number of rights when it comes to your personal data. Further information and advice about your rights can be obtained from the data protection regulator in your country.
Rights
What does this mean?
The right to be informed
You have the right to be provided with clear, transparent, and easily understandable information about how we use your information and your rights. This is why we’re providing you with the information in this Privacy Notice.
The right of access
You have the right to obtain access to your information (if we’re processing it), and certain other information (similar to that provided in this Privacy Notice).
This is so you’re aware and can check that we’re using your information in accordance with data protection law.
The right to rectification
You are entitled to have your information corrected if it’s inaccurate or incomplete.
The right to erasure
This is also known as ‘the right to be forgotten’ and, in simple terms, enables you to request the deletion or removal of your information where there’s no compelling reason for us to keep using it. This is not a general right to erasure; there are exceptions.
The right to restrict processing
You have rights to ‘block’ or suppress further use of your information. When processing is restricted, we can still store your information, but may not use it further. We keep lists of people who have asked for further use of their information to be ‘blocked’ to make sure the restriction is respected in future.
The right to data portability
You have rights to obtain and reuse your personal data for your own purposes across different services. For example, if you decide to switch to a new provider, this enables you to move, copy or transfer your information easily between our IT systems and theirs safely and securely, without affecting its usability.
The right to object to processing
You have the right to object to certain types of processing, including processing based on our legitimate interests and processing for direct marketing (i.e. if you no longer want to be contacted with potential opportunities).
The right to lodge a complaint
You have the right to lodge a complaint about the way we handle or process your personal data with your national data protection regulator.
The right to withdraw consent
If you have given your consent to anything we do with your personal data, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time (although if you do so, it does not mean that anything we have done with your personal data with your consent up to that point is unlawful). This includes your right to withdraw consent to us using your personal data for marketing purposes.
How can you make a request to exercise your rights?
To exercise any of the rights above, or to ask a question, contact us using the details set out at the end of this Privacy Notice.
How will we handle a request to exercise your rights?
We’ll respond as soon as we can. Generally, this will be within one month from when we receive your request but, if the request is going to take longer to deal with, we’ll come back to you and let you know.
We usually act on requests and provide information free of charge, but may charge a reasonable fee to cover our administrative costs of providing the information for:
baseless or excessive/repeated requests, or
further copies of the same information.
Alternatively, the law may allow us to refuse to act on the request.
How can you contact us?
If you have questions on the processing of your personal data, would like to exercise any of your rights, or are unhappy with how we’ve handled your information, please contact us here:
West Control Solutions,  Unit 5, Hyde Business Park, Brighton BN2 4JU, Tel +44 (0)1273 606271, E-mail: privacy@west-cs.com.
If you’re not satisfied with our response to any complaint or believe our processing of your information does not comply with data protection law, you can make a complaint to the data protection regulator in your country.
Products
Single Loop Controllers
Multi-loop Controllers
Limit Controllers
Process Indicators
Recorders
Transmitters
Company
Company Overview
Associations and affiliations
Brochures
Jobs
Stay in Touch
Sign up for newsletter
Bookmark this page
Get Social
West Control Solutions1675 Delany Road GurneeIL 60031USACompany information
T +1 800 866 6659
F +1 847 782 5223
E NA@West-CS.com
Copyright © 2018 West Control Solutions
Contact UsSite MapTerms and ConditionsPrivacy Policy