http://www.dragginjeans.net/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Shop Men
Toggle Shop Men sublinks
ALL
NEW IN
JEANS
SKINNY FIT
SLIM FIT
STRAIGHT FIT
TOPS
ACCESSORIES
TEES
Shop Women
Toggle Shop Women sublinks
ALL
JEANS
SKINNY FIT
SLIM FIT
STRAIGHT FIT
ACCESSORIES
TOPS
SHOP CE ARMOUR
About Us
Toggle About Us sublinks
ABOUT DRAGGIN
OUR HERITAGE
DRAGGIN DNA
PERFORMANCE
WEARABILITY
Blog
DRAYKO USA
Log in
Create account
Search
Shop
Store Locator
Size Guide
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer
Care Instructions
FAQs
Contact Us
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Draggin Jeans uses the information we collect about you (either specific or in aggregate) to help us: Deliver your order to you, maintain accurate accounts, provide and change services and billing, answer your enquiries, market services and products, and help make our services and website useful to you.
The information we collect about you is sourced directly from information you input when creating a login account in our online store, or ordering products from our online store. The information we require as mandatory information to be able to provide you with a high level of customer service includes first and last name, address, city, state/province, zip/postal code, country, daytime phone and email. This information is stored in our store user database and will be kept indefinitely, unless advised otherwise.
We may also use the information we collect about you to send you information on our products and services.
Please note that you will only be sent this information if, at the checkout point of our store, you have specifically stated that you wish to be on our Mailing List. In all correspondence that is sent, you will be given the opportunity to opt out at the start and at each point of contact. For example, if we send you marketing information via email, you will be given the opportunity to opt out using email.We will:
Take reasonable steps to ensure that the information we collect, use or disclose is accurate, complete and up to date.
Take reasonable steps to protect personal information from loss, unauthorized use, modification or disclosure.
Take reasonable steps to destroy or remove identity personal information no longer required.
Allow access to the personal information we hold about you. If this information is not accurate, complete or up-to-date, we will take reasonable steps to update it.
Our privacy policy (this document) is available to anyone who requests it and is also viewable on our online store, accessible from Checkout and Customer Service pages.We will not disclose, sell, distribute, rent, license, share or pass onto any third parties personal information you have provided to us, unless we have your consent to do so.The only times we would use or disclose information is if: It is required by law, we believe it is necessary to protect our rights or property and we feel it is necessary to our terms of service.
Please feel free to contact us with any queries.
Close Cart
Shopping Cart
Your cart is currently empty.
Enable cookies to use the shopping cart
t:
e
Item Quantity
Remove
Subtotal
$0.00
You're saving
$0.00
Shipping & taxes calculated at checkout
Checkout