http://www.fountainpowerboats.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
From time to time, visitors of www.fountainpowerboats.com may provide us with certain personal information. Our primary purpose for collecting and using personal information is to improve our Web Site and to provide you with an experience on our Web Site that is tailored to your preferences and information requests. The more we know about you, the better equipped we are to provide you with the service, selection and content that is expected of www.fountainpowerboats.com. When you are on www.fountainpowerboats.com and are asked for personal information, you are sharing that information with only Fountain, its agents and representatives. Fountain will not disclose any of your individual personal information except when we have your express permission or under special circumstances, such as when we believe in good faith that the law requires it. Fountain may also disclose account information in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) Fountain rights or property, other users or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities.
In addition, please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information online - for example on message boards, through e-mail, or in threaded discussion areas - that information can be collected and used. In addition to the uses noted above, visitors who supply us with personal information as part of an online survey may receive a phone call from us for confirmation purposes or, when indicated, for an interview by a reporter.
Through www.fountainpowerboats.com you may be introduced to a variety of third party sites. The privacy polices of these third parties are not under our control. The use of any information that you may provide to any third party will be governed by the privacy policy of the operator of the site that you are visiting, which may differ from ours. As well, in some cases these third parties may share the information that they collect about you with Fountain. If you have any doubts about the privacy of the information you are providing, you should look for the privacy policy of the site that you are visiting via a link from that site's home page or elsewhere. If you cannot find that site's privacy policy, or if you are uncertain about the entity to which you are providing your information, you should contact that site directly for more information.
Offline and online contact information is handled differently. As is customary in the publications business, offline contact information is shared with third parties who may send you offers or information about their products or services that we deem may be of interest to you. You must opt-out if you do not wish to receive information from us or third parties by mail. Please send your request to:
Iconic Marine Group
1653 Whichard Beach Rd.
Chocowinity, NC  27817
www.fountainpowerboats.com uses "cookies" to compile information about our customers' use of our Web Site so that we may improve your experience at www.fountainpowerboats.com. Fountain cannot and will not use cookies to retrieve any personal information about you unless you have previously purchased from Fountain. Fountain does not and cannot use cookies to retrieve personal information about you from your computer unless you knowingly and willingly provided such information. Even though most web browsers accept "cookies", most browsers also give you the option to reject "cookies." Please note that although you may set your browser to reject "cookies", you will still be able to visit www.fountainpowerboats.com; however, your browsing experience will be affected.
Alas, no data transmission over the Internet can be 100% secure. While we strive to protect your personal information, Fountain cannot warrant the security of any information you transmit to us and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission, we make our best effort to ensure its security on our systems. Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information online that information can be collected and used by others. Please be careful and responsible whenever you're online.