http://www.assuredinv.com/privacy.html
home
about us
services
buy now
FAQs
forms
contact
us
overview
Your Security While on Our Web Site
Assured Investigations is committed to ensuring that our clients receive the highest levels of security, both through our Web site as well as internally within our company. With our privacy statement, we want to assure our clients that we have gone to great lengths to protect their personal information. We pride ourselves on not only outstanding client service but the measures that we take to ensure that we are consistently recognized as a company that takes its clients' privacy very seriously.
Assuring You That:
reasonable precautions are taken to protect your personal information from loss. misuse, unauthorized access, disclosures, alteration or destruction.reasonable policies and procedures are in place to insure that your personal information is kept only for the purposes for which it was gathered.you have reasonable access to any personal information you provide.
Collecting Data
Internet Data
Some information about your IP address, Web browser, and computer system are automatically transmitted to our Web servers as an integral part of the operation of the Internet. Thus, we reserve the right to automatically collect and/or track:
the home server domain names, e-mail addresses, type of client computer, and type of Web browsers of visitors to our Web site.
information on what pages of our Web site visitors access.
Our Right to Change This Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change this policy at any time. We ask you to periodically review this privacy policy to insure you are familiar with the most current version of this Privacy Policy.
Your Acceptance of This Privacy Policy
By your continuing use of this Web site you signify your assent to this Privacy Policy. If you do not cosent to this Privacy Policy, please do not use this Web site.
By your continuing use of this Web site following posted changes to this Privacy Policy, you signify your continuing cosent to those changes.
Georgia License PDC001644
©2009 Assured Investigations -
All rights reserved.
Terms of
Use | Privacy Statement