http://www.lancashirechemicals.com/terms
About Plater
Plater Chemicals
Plater Production
Daltrade Chemicals
Plater High Purity
Plater Bio
Plater Nitrates
Our Team
Brand Values
History
Community
Standards and Accreditations
Plater Group
Products
Services
Industry Sectors
Media
Media
News
Blog
Case Studies
Contact
Enquiry Form
Chemical Listing
Contact us: on +44 (0)1283 792600 or enquiries@platergroup.co.uk
Terms & Conditions
Chemical Listing
Legal NoticesTerms of UseWelcome to the Plater Group website. By visiting you accept and agree to the following terms and conditions. Jurisdiction This website is managed and operated by Plater Group from the United Kingdom. It is governed and is in compliance with English law. If you access this site from outside of the United Kingdom, you do so on the understanding that we are not responsible for specific compliance and applicable local laws or any liability arising in respect of those laws. English Law and English Courts have exclusive jurisdiction. Copyrights The site and all copyright contained within it is owned by Plater Group and any of its legal entities unless stated otherwise. You can print off or download one copy of such material for your personal use. Plater Group should always be acknowledged as the source and owner of the material. The materials should not be reproduced, copied, published or transmitted, modified or distributed in any way without the prior written consent of Plater Group. The content of the website and materials may not be copied for commercial use. If you have any specific requests regarding copyright please contact the Group Marketing Department of the Plater Group.Trademarks All trademarks on this website, unless otherwise stated are subject to trademark rights for Plater Group and its companies. This applies to brands, logos and emblems. Accuracy and Amendments This is a dynamic website and it is our intention to update the content regularly and with the greatest degree of accuracy. We reserve the right to edit, change or delete any material from the site. Visitors to the site are bound by any such revision and it is recommended you visit this page to review our terms each time you visit the site. Every effort is made to include accurate and current information on the site. However, we cannot make any guarantees or assume any responsibility for any errors, omissions, completeness or accuracy on the site. Viruses and Hacking You must not misuse the Plater Group website by knowingly introducing viruses, Trojans, worms, logic bombs or other materials or actions which are malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to the website or the server on which the website is stored or associated server, computer or databases connected to the website. You must not attack the website via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of-service attack. Any breach of the above provision by visitors to the site is a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990. Any such breach we will report to the relevant law enforcement authorities and we will fully cooperate with those authorities in disclosing your identity. If you breach these provisions your right to use the website will cease immediately. We will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a distributed denial-of-service attack, viruses or any other harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or materials due to using our website or to your downloading of any materials posted on it or on any linked websites.  Linking to Plater Group WebsitesYou can link to our home page, providing you do so in way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it. You must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists.  You may not create a link from a website which is not owned by you. The website can only be linked to the home page.  We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without any notice. Links from Plater Group websitesFrom this site links can be made to other websites of the Plater Group and external sites.  Any external sites are completely independent of this site and Plater Group sites.  We accept no responsibility for and do not endorse the content of these websites. Other Plater Group websites have their own terms of use and disclaimers.Disclaimer All implied warranties are excluded to the fullest extent permitted by English law. In using this site you agree not rely on any information contained in it. Under no circumstances shall we be liable for any direct, incidental, special, consequential, indirect loss or damages that result from using material on this site or any website linked to the site or service offered on the site. Privacy Policy The Plater Group takes the protection of personal data very seriously and this privacy policy outlines the measures we undertake to protect all visitors to our site: You do not need to give any personal information to access the Plater Group website without telling us who you are ensuring you of total anonymity. We only collect data such as the name of your internet service provider (IP address), the web page your visit originated from, the date and time of your visit, the web pages visited and time spent on each page. This information is purely for statistical purposes and helps us measure the success of our website, enabling us to improve and update the site.  Any such information is gathered globally and not individually. This information is not linked to any identifying personal information about you and is totally anonymous. We do not collect any personal information other than that which is submitted to us through online forms or via the email contact details provided. Any information sent via email is only used for the purpose of which it was sent and will never be released to any third parties. If you have any further questions regarding our Privacy Policy click on the extended version link on our website.Cookies The Plater Group website employs Cookies to enhance your visit and use of our website. A Cookie is a small data file which is stored on your computer or devices hard drive the first time you visit our site and enables our systems to recognise your device on return visits. Most browsers are configured to accept cookies automatically. However, you can configure your browser to reject cookies or display them for you to accept on visiting the website for the first time. If you have enabled Cookies in your browser on visiting our website, this indicates that you want the best experience on using our site and you agree to the use of cookies.
Enquiry Form