https://www.printkick.com/terms-policies/
Home
Terms and Conditions
Terms, conditions and policies
General terms
Our general terms and conditions are available to read here.
Samples policy
Samples are non-refundable
Please note that some samples are supplied plain and some with random print to show effect. Due to the volume of items sent, we cannot guarantee the sample you will receive will be plain or have random print.
If you have a specific requirement, including the sample colour, let us know using the comments box.
Delivery is based on a mainland UK address. Please contact us if you would like samples delivered outside the UK.
Samples are only available to bonafide business customers. All samples are non-returnable.
Price match guarantee
We are happy to match the prices of another promotional merchandise company for your quote, given the following stipulations:
The quotation is from a professional UK BPMA registered promotional products distributor
The quotation is like-for-like regarding delivery time, name and specifications of product
The quotation is not part of an extraordinary sale (i.e. closing down)
We reserve the right to withdraw this guarantee at any time without notice
General Data Processing Regulation (GDPR) Compliance – Data Processing Agreement
This is our data processing agreement which outlines our compliance with GDPR regulations which come into force in May 2018.
GDPR aims to give customers additional rights to their private data, including:
Breach notification (We will notify you if we find a breach within our systems which exposes private data)
Right to access (You have the right to access your personal data)
Right to be forgotten (You can ask us to delete your data)
Data portability (You can request your data, and we will provide you with an export from our systems)
Data controller
Our data controller is Aman Brar, and he can be contacted via the form on the Contact Us page.
Your rights
At any point in time, you have the right to:
Access your personal data
Correct your personal data
Object to and restrict the processing of your personal data
Complain to a supervisory authority
Withdraw your consent for us to access your data
You may access and correct your data via your customer account. If you would like to restrict the processing of your data, please contact us using the form on the contact us page.
The data we hold on you:
By submitting the request a quote form on our website you agree to Printkick Limited using this data to send a quote to you and following up via a semi-automated process regarding this quote. This data includes, but is not limited to, your name, email address, telephone number and company address information (to calculate delivery prices).
By submitting your order and opting into marketing communications, you consent to receive non-time limited marketing emails which may include products or services from our related websites (Mug Store, Umbrella Store and Printkick). You may unsubscribe from these at any time.
Other associated data services
We utilise services such as Google Analytics, Full Story (or other session replay services) and Intercom to improve user experience, session replay, bug fixing and customer communication via onsite chat and emails. Your data is not visible during session replay. Intercom has provided a Data Processing Addendum which states their commitment to compliance with the Privacy Shield Framework, which can be requested via the contact us page.
International data transfer
Our website and other systems containing your personal information are hosted using the Google Cloud Platform (GCP) and located in London (UK). GCP has confirmed its compliance with GDPR’s international data transfer requirements under the Data Protection Directive.
Retention period
You agree to our holding of your data for a period of ten years to keep your account active, including your previous orders, artwork and quote history. This data enables you to quickly request a new order using the same artwork as your last order, view communication and other related account management activity. We endeavour to keep your data accurate and up to date.
Our security measures
We have secured our website via Extended Validation SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) encryption which shows our company name in your browser URL / address bar.
We have secured our checkout via Stripe, which is PCI level 1 certified and uses AES-256 encryption. We do not store your card details on our servers.
Physical and password protected barriers to our systems
Access control so that only the people required to use your data have access to it
Data Processing Agreement last updated 05/01/2018
Privacy policy
Printkick Limited ("We") are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This policy (together with our terms of use http://printkick.com/terms-policies and any other documents referred to on it) sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us.  Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. By visiting http://printkick.com, http://mugstore.co.uk or http://umbrellastore.co.uk you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this policy.
For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998 (the Act), the data controller is Printkick Limited of 1 Bishops Court, Lincolns Inn, Lincoln Road, High Wycombe, HP12 3RE.
Information we collect from you
We will collect and process the following data about you:
Information you give us. This is information about you that you give us by filling in forms on our site www.printkick.com, www.mugstore.co.uk or www.umbrellastore.co.uk (our sites) or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise. It includes information you give when you register to use our site, subscribe to our service, search for a product, place an order on our site, sign up to a newsletter or carry out a survey, enter a competition, promotion or survey and when you report a problem with our site. The information you give us may include your name, address, e-mail address, phone number, financial and credit card information.
Information we collect about you. With regard to each of your visits to our site we will automatically collect the following information:
technical information, including , the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your login information, browser type and version, operating system and platform.
information about your visit, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL), clickstream to, through and from our site (including date and time), products you viewed or searched for' page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs) and methods used to browse away from the page
Information we receive from other sources. This is information we receive about you if you use any of the other websites we operate or the other services we provide. In this case we will have told you when we collected that data if we intend to share those data internally and combine it with data collected on this site. We will also have told you for what purpose we will share and combine your data. We are working closely with third parties (including, for example, business partners, sub-contractors in technical, payment and delivery services, advertising networks, analytics providers, search information providers, credit reference agencies). We will tell you when we receive information about you from them and the purposes for which we intend to use that information.
Cookies
Our site also uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. Google Analytics sets cookies in order to evaluate your use of our site and to compile reports for us on visitor activity.
Google stores the information they collect on servers in the United States. They may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on their behalf. By using this site, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
Google’s privacy policy, and information on rejecting or deleting their cookies can be found at www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/.
Use of Intercom Services: We use third-party analytics services to help understand your usage of our services. In particular, we provide a limited amount of your information (such as sign-up date and some personal information like your email address) to Intercom, Inc. (“Intercom”) and utilise Intercom to collect data for analytics purposes when you visit our website or use our product. As a data processor acting on our behalf, Intercom analyzes your use of our website and/or product and tracks our relationship by way of cookies and similar technologies so that we can improve our service to you. For more information on Intercom's use of cookies, please visit https://www.intercom.com/terms-and-policies#cookie-policy. We may also use Intercom as a medium for communications, either through email, or through messages within our product(s). As part of our service agreements, Intercom collects publicly available contact and social information related to you, such as your email address, gender, company, job title, photos, website URLs, social network handles and physical addresses, to enhance your user experience. For more information on the privacy practices of Intercom, please visit https://www.intercom.com/terms-and-policies#privacy. Intercom’s services are governed by Intercom’s terms of use which can be found at https://www.intercom.com/terms-and-policies#terms. If you would like to opt out of having this information collected by or submitted to Intercom, please contact us. (Added 20/04/2018)
Uses made of the information
We use information held about you in the following ways:
Information you give to us. We will use this information:
to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us and to provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us;
to provide you with information about other goods and services we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about;
to ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
Information we collect about you. We will use this information:
to administer our site and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
to improve our site to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;
as part of our efforts to keep our site safe and secure;
to measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you;
Information we receive from other sources. We will combine this information with information you give to us and information we collect about you. We will use this information and the combined information for the purposes set out above (depending on the types of information we receive).
Disclosure of your information
You agree that we have the right to share your personal information with:
Any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, as defined in section 1159 of the UK Companies Act 2006.
Selected third parties including:
business partners, suppliers and sub-contractors for the performance of any contract we enter into with them or you;
analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of our site;
credit reference agencies for the purpose of assessing your credit score where this is a condition of us entering into a contract with you.
We will disclose your personal information to third parties:
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we will disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
If Printkick Ltd or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of use www.printkick.com/terms-policies or terms and conditions of supply and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Printkick Ltd, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Where we store your personal data
The data that we collect from you will be transferred to, and stored in the UK. It will also be processed by staff operating in the UK who work for us or for one of our suppliers. This includes staff engaged in, among other things,  the fulfilment of your order, the processing of your payment details and the provision of support services. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers. Any payment transactions will be encrypted. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
Your rights
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. We will usually inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data.  You can also exercise the right at any time by contacting us at 1 Bishops Court, Lincolns Inn, Lincolns Road, High Wycombe HP12 3RE or sales@printkick.com
Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates.  If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies.  Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
Access to information
The Act gives you the right to access information held about you. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the Act. Any access request will be subject to a fee of £10 to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you.
Changes to our privacy policy
Any changes we make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our privacy policy.
Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to Bishops Court, Lincolns Inn, Lincolns Road, High Wycombe HP12 3RE or sales@printkick.com.
Privacy policy last updated 20th April 2018
This page uses cookies to give you the best experience on the site and to improve our service. By continuing to browse, you accept that cookies are used.
OK
More Information