http://www.bournscu.com/privacy-notice
Privacy Notice
BEFCU is committed to providing you with competitive products and services to meet your financial needs and help you reach your goals. We are equally committed to protecting the privacy of our members. Under federal law, we are required to give you this privacy notice describing our credit union's privacy policy and practices concerning the personal information we collect and disclose about our members. It also includes information about the parties who receive personal and sometimes nonpublic information from us as we conduct the business of the credit union.
If after reading this notice you have questions, please contact us:
If after reading this notice you have questions, please contact us:
Email us - befcu@bourns.com
Toll Free 888-456-3503 Fax: 951-781-5452 Office hours effective Jan 2, 2020:Riverside:
Monday-Wednesday 10 AM - 4 PM Phone calls will be answered			9 AM - 5 PM
Thursday 10 AM - 4 PM Phone calls will be answered			10 AM - 5 PM
Friday 10 AM - 4 PM Phone calls will be answered			9 AM - 5 PM
Colton: (Temporarily Closed due to COVID-19)
Monday-Wednesday 9 AM - 5 PM Phone calls will be answered			9 AM - 5 PM
Thursday
10 AM - 5 PM
Phone calls will be answered			10 AM - 5 PM
Friday 9 AM - 5 PM Phone calls will be answered			9 AM - 5 PM
Victorville: Closed for lunch 1PM-2PM
Monday-Wednesday 10 AM - 4 PM Phone calls will be answered			9 AM - 5 PM
Thursday
10 AM - 4 PM
Phone calls will be answered			10 AM - 5 PM
Friday 10 AM - 4 PM Phone calls will be answered			9 AM - 5 PM
or write to:
BEFCU1200 Columbia AvenueRiverside, California 92507
Information We Collect About You
We collect nonpublic personal information about you from the following sources:
Information we receive from you on applications and other forms
Information about your transactions with us
Information we receive from a consumer reporting agency
Information obtained when verifying the information you provide on an application or other forms; this may be obtained from your current or past employers, or from other institutions where you conduct financial transactions
We may disclose all of the information we collect, as described above, as permitted by law.
Parties Who Receive Information From Us
We may disclose nonpublic personal information about you to the following types of third parties:
Financial service providers, such as mortgage service companies.
Non-financial companies, such as consumer reporting agencies, check/share draft printers, financial statement publishers/printers, plastic card processors, and government agencies.
Disclosure of Information to Parties That Provide Services to Us
In order for us to conduct the business of the credit union, we may disclose all of the information we collect, as described above, to nonaffiliated third parties for the purposes of processing and servicing transactions that you request or authorize.
We may also disclose nonpublic personal information about you under circumstances as permitted or required by law. These disclosures typically include information to process transactions on your behalf, conduct the operations of our credit union, follow your instructions as you authorize, or protect the security of our financial records.
To protect our members' privacy, we only work with companies that agree to maintain strong confidentiality protections and limit the use of information we provide. We do not permit these companies to sell the information we provide to other third parties.
Disclosure of Information About Former Members
If you terminate your membership with BEFCU, we will not share information we have collected about you, except as may be permitted or required by law.
How We Protect Your Information
We restrict access to nonpublic personal information about you to those employees who need to know that information to provide products or services to you. We maintain physical, electronic, or procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to guard your nonpublic personal information. We will never ask for any personal credit card or financial information via e-mail. We do not share our internal e-mail lists with anyone, and have security in place to ensure that our internal databases are not being accessed.
What Members Can Do to Help
BEFCU is committed to protecting the privacy of its members. Members can help by following these simple guidelines:
Protect your account numbers, plastic card numbers, PINs (personal identification numbers) or passwords. Never keep your PIN with your card, which can provide free access to your accounts if your card is lost or stolen.
Use caution when disclosing your account numbers, Social Security numbers, etc. to other persons. If someone calls you explaining the call is on behalf of the credit union and asks for your account number, you should beware. Official credit union staff will have access to your information and will not need to ask for it.
Keep your information with us current. If your address or phone number changes, please let us know. It is important that we have current information on how to reach you. If we detect potentially fraudulent or unauthorized activity or use of an account, we will attempt to contact you immediately.
Go to main navigation
Welcome to BEFCU
SBA-PPP Loan
Current Rates
Real Estate Loan Access
Visa Online Access
ScoreCard Rewards
Branch & ATM Locator
Mobile Access
Forms
Related Links
Membership Application
Contact Us
Rates
NCUA Share Insurance
See All | Contract AllHomeOnline Banking
Online BankingEnroll OnlineLoans & Credit Cards
Vehicle LoansUnsecured LoansStudent LoansFirst Mortgage LoansVISA Credit CardsLoan ApplicationRates
Consumer Loan Rates
Real Estate Loan Rates
Credit Life and Disability InsuranceSavings & Checking
Savings AccountsMoney Market AccountsChecking AccountsCertificates and IRAsYouth ServicesAbout Us
Locations & HoursMembership InquiryFormsAccessing your AccountNewslettersReport a Lost or Stolen CardContact UsMobile AccessResources