https://www.forzamotorsports.com/privacy-policy/
Ferrari, Maserati, Lamborghini, Porsche and Jaguar Automobiles Bought and SoldYou are here: Home / Privacy PolicyEffective date: May 20, 2018
Forza (“we”, “us”, or “our”) operates the www.forzamotorsports.com website.
This page informs you of our privacy policies concerning the use, collection, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Website and the choices you have associated with that data.
We use your data to provide and improve the Website. By using the Website, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
Definitions
Personal Data
Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession.
Usage Data
Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Website or from the Website infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
Cookies
Cookies are small pieces of data stored on a User’s device.
Data Controller
Data Controller means a person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal data are, or are to be, processed.
For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your data.
Data Processor (or Service Providers)
Data Processor (or Service Provider) means any person (other than an employee of the Data Controller) who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller.
We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively.
Data Subject
Data Subject is any living individual who is the subject of Personal Data.
User
The User is the individual using our Website. The User corresponds to the Data Subject, who is the subject of Personal Data.
Information Collection And Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Website to you.
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using our Website, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you (“Personal Data”). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Email address
First name and last name
Phone number
Address, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City
Cookies and Usage Data
We may use your Personal Data to communicate with you. From time to time we may contact you with marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send.
Usage Data
We may also collect information how the Website is accessed and used (“Usage Data”). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Website that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
Tracking & Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Website and hold certain information.
Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Website.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Website.
Examples of Cookies we use:
Session Cookies. We use Session Cookies to operate our Website.
Preference Cookies. We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
Security Cookies. We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
Use of Data
Forza uses the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain our Website
To notify you about changes to our Website
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Website when you choose to do so
To provide customer support
To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Website
To monitor the usage of our Website
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
To provide you with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless you have opted not to receive such information
Retention of Data
Forza will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
Forza will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Website, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
Transfer Of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to United States and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Forza will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Disclosure Of Data
Disclosure for Law Enforcement
Under certain circumstances, Forza may be required to disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).
Legal Requirements
Forza may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of Forza
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Website
To protect the personal safety of users of the Website or the public
To protect against legal liability
Security Of Data
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
“Do Not Track” Signals
We do not support Do Not Track (“DNT”). Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked.
You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of your web browser.
Your Rights
Forza aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Data.
Whenever made possible, you can update your Personal Data directly within your account settings section. If you are unable to change your Personal Data, please contact us to make the required changes.
If you wish to be informed what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us.
In certain circumstances, you have the right:
To access and receive a copy of the Personal Data we hold about you
To rectify any Personal Data held about you that is inaccurate
To request the deletion of Personal Data held about you
You have the right to data portability for the information you provide to Forza. You can request to obtain a copy of your Personal Data in a commonly used electronic format so that you can manage and move it.
Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Website (“Service Providers”), to provide the Website on our behalf, to perform Website-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Website is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Website.
Google Analytics Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Website. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Website available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity.For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Behavioral Remarketing
Forza does not use remarketing
Webhosting and Software
Flywheel Hosting
Monster Insights
WordPress
Links To Other Sites
Our Website may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
Our Website does not address anyone under the age of 13 (“Children”).
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Website, prior to the change becoming effective and update the “effective date” at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By visiting this page on our website: https://www.forzamotorsports.com/contact-us/
By phone number: 1-860-350-1140
By mail: 3 Martha Lane Unit #3 Gaylordsville CT 06755
Home
Current Inventory
Ferrari Automobiles
Lamborghini Automobiles
Jaguar Automobiles
Maserati Automobiles
Porsche Automobiles
American Automobiles
Other Classic and Exotic Automobiles
Exotic Motorcycles For Sale
Exotic Car Locating Services
Exotic Automobiles Purchased
Exotic Car Inspection Services
Exotic Car Consignment
Insurance
Financing
Auto Transport
About Us
Find Us
Contact Us
Research
Exotic Automobile Events
Contact Us
Directions
About Us
Errors and Omission Statement
Our Website Has Been Redesigned
Privacy Policy
Current Inventory
Exotic Motorcycles For Sale
Insuring Your Exotic Automobile
Exotic Car Transport and Hauling Services
Exotic Car Locating Services
Exotic Car Inspection Services
Exotic Automobiles Purchased
Financing Your Exotic Automobile Purchase