https://www.asset-control.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to main content
Privacy policy
Developed as an extension of our commitment to combine the highest-quality products and services with the highest level of integrity in dealing with our clients and partners
Alveo > Privacy Policy
Our Commitment to Privacy
The Purpose of this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy (“Policy”)  was developed by Alveo International B.V. and the Alveo Group companies (“we” , “us” or “Alveo”)  as an extension of our commitment to combine the highest-quality products and services with the highest level of integrity in dealing with our clients and partners.
The Policy is designed to assist you in understanding how we collect, use and safeguard the personal data you provide to us and to assist you in making informed decisions when using our site.
We ask that you read this Policy carefully as it contains important information in:
the personal data we collect about you
what we do with your information, and
who your information might be shared with.
Please click here for the terms and conditions governing the use of this website.
Who we are
Alveo is a “data controller”. This means that we are responsible for deciding how we hold and use personal information about you.
As we are based in various locations including the USA, Singapore and the European Economic Area, we have appointed the following representative within the European Economic Area:
Name of Data Protection Contact: Ian Day
Address: Alveo, 32 Cornhill, London EC3V 3SG, United Kingdom
Number: +44 (0) 20 77430320
Email: dataprotection@alveotech.com
Use of Information
We may collect the following personal data from you: (i) name; (ii) postal or mailing address; (iii) email address; (iv) telephone number; and (v) company name.
How do we Collect Your Personal Data?
The circumstances in which we may collect personal data about you include:
when you contact us send us feedback, post material to our website and compete client surveys or participate in competitions
when you or your company corresponds with us by phone, email or other electronic means, or in writing
when you or your company makes enquiries regarding our products or services
when you or your company browse, complete a form or make an enquiry or otherwise requests information about our events or attends our events
interact on our website or other online platforms
when you or your company registers with Alveo.
Use of Personal Data
If you supply us with your postal or email address online and you opt-in, you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you supply us with your telephone numbers online you may receive telephone contact from us with information regarding new products and services or upcoming events. You can opt out at any time If you do not wish to receive such mailings or telephone calls, please let us know via email, phone, or post.
We may also use your personal data on the following grounds:
because it is necessary for us to do so to perform your instructions or another contract with you or your company;
because of legitimate interests.
We will not use your personal data for taking any automated decisions.
Information About You
By using this website, you consent to the terms of this Privacy Policy and to Alveo’s processing of personal data for the purposes described above as well as the purposes explained on the site. If you are concerned that your personal data is used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected, please contact us by email, phone or post.
User Access to Information Collected
Upon request we may provide visitors with access to their personal data that we maintain about them. If you wish to access your personal data, you should contact us via email, phone or post. Upon request we offer visitors the ability to have inaccuracies corrected in their contact information.
Disclosure
We  may disclosure your personal data to other companies within the Alveo Group Companies.  With exception to above, we do not share your personal data with other organisations without your consent.
Web Analysis
Alveo analyses how its websites are used with the help of third-party analysis tools, such as Google Analytics (hereinafter «Analysis Service Providers»). Alveo assumes no responsibility or liability for any data processed by Analysis Service Providers.
Google Analytics, a web-based analysis service by Google Inc. (hereinafter “Google”), uses cookies, which are saved on the User’s computer. The information generated by the cookie concerning their visit is usually sent to and stored on a Google server in the USA. If Alveo activates IP anonymization for this website, Google shortens the User’s IP address within Member States of the European Union or in other partner states of the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be sent to a Google server in the USA and anonymized there. Google evaluates the information that has been saved on behalf of Google for the purpose of compiling reports on the website’s usage and in order to provide other associated services for Alveo. Google may combine the IP address transmitted from the User’s browser by Google Analytics with other data that has been collected.
Alveo uses the services of HubSpot in the context of sending out electronic newsletters. HubSpot uses cookies. HubSpot analyzes the information that has been stored and anonymized (e.g. click behavior, IP address, geographical location, browser type, time spent, pages viewed) on behalf of Alveo for the purpose of compiling reports on the website’s usage. Alveo may use this to conduct targeted marketing activities. Data processing by HubSpot and storage at third-party companies take place in the United States. All companies involved in the United States are certified under the EU-US Privacy Shield. More information can be found at https://www.hubspot.com/security.
Policy Updates
If our information practices change at some time in the future, we will take reasonable steps to post the policy changes to our website for a reasonable period of time in order to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt-out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check our website periodically.
Unsubscribing
If you have previously subscribed to our newsletter, events marketing or email marketing and you no longer wish to receive emails from us, please either click the unsubscribe link in an email or let us know via email, phone or post.
Security Measures
When your personal data is held with us, we take reasonable and appropriate steps to safeguard your personal, for example, we store your personal data on service servers.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated Privacy Policy, you may contact us at the address or phone number mentioned.
Transfer of your information out of the EEA
When you signed up to be contacted or to download information, as the internet is a global environment, the internet involves the transmission of data on an international basis.   As such, you agreed that we may transfer your personal information outside the EEA such as  Singapore, USA, Brazil and New Zealand.
Where information is transferred outside the EEA, and where this is to a stakeholder or vendor in a country that is not subject to an adequacy decision by the EU Commission, data is adequately protected by EU Commission approved standard contractual clauses, an appropriate Privacy Shield certification or a vendor’s Processor Binding Corporate Rules.
Sharing of Information
We may have to share your data with third parties, including third-party service providers and other entities in the group. We require third parties to respect the security of your data and to treat it in accordance with the law.
We will share your personal data with third parties where required by law, where it is necessary to administer the working relationship with you or where we have another legitimate interest in doing so.
What rights do you have?
You have the right to ask us for a copy of your personal data; to correct, delete or restrict (stop any active) processing of your personal data; and to obtain the personal data you provide to us for a contract or with your consent in a structured, machine readable format, and to ask us to share (port) this data to another controller.
In addition, you can object to the processing of your personal data in some circumstances (in particular, where we don’t have to process the data to meet a contractual or other legal requirement, or where we are using the data for direct marketing).
These rights may be limited, for example if fulfilling your request would reveal personal data about another person, where they would infringe the rights of a third party (including our rights) or if you ask us to delete information which we are required by law to keep or have compelling legitimate interests in keeping. We will inform you of relevant exemptions we rely upon when responding to any request you make.
We have carried out balancing tests for all the data processing we carry out on the basis of our legitimate interests, which we have described above. You can obtain information on any of our balancing tests by contacting us using the details set out later in this notice.
If you have unresolved concerns, you have the right to complain to a data protection authority where you live, work or where you believe a breach may have occurred.
You may, at any time, exercise any of the above rights by contracting us in accordance with the “Who we are” contact details above together with any proof of identity (i.e.: a copy of your ID card, driving licence or passport, or other valid identifying document.)
Your duty to inform us of change
It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your personal information changes during your relationship with us
How long will you use my information for?
We will only retain your personal information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal requirements. To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
Effective date of Policy: May 2002.
Last updated: May 2018.
Alveo International B.V.
Registered Address: Trambaan 1-K, 8441 BH Heerenveen, the Netherlands
Registered in The Netherlands: 58427260.
VAT No: NL008916202B01
Get in touch
Contact us for an introductory call or demonstration to see how we can help you address your data management challenges, call us on
Americas: +1 212 445 1076
EMEA: +44 20 7743 0320
APAC: +65 6291 4856
Contact us