http://www.ceml.org/privacy-legal/
Privacy & Legal
Privacy & Legal
OUR COMMITMENT TO YOUPrivacy is essential. At CEML, your privacy is of great concern to us. We follow all industry standards of privacy and operate with complete confidentiality. PRIVACY/LEGALWe are committed to protecting your privacy. We will not rent, sell or trade your information to other organizations, parties or mailing lists. Any personal information you provide us while on our website or in other communications with CEML will be kept strictly confidential and used only to keep you up to date about our work and to send you other information you have requested. However, we reserve the right to disclose personal information as required by law in the following situations: regulation, law, subpoena, court order, search warrant, during a legal proceeding, in accordance with a request from a law enforcement agency, to enforce our Terms of Service/site rules, or to protect our visitors' and sites' safety and security. From time to time we may make changes to this privacy policy and we encourage you to review this policy periodically for updates. USING THE THEONERA WEBSITEWhile you are on our website we may collect information that will enable us to serve you better and provide a better experience on our website. The information collected is not personal information - it includes the name of the Internet service provider (ISP), the browser used, the type of machine that is accessing our website, the website that referred you to us, the pages you visited on our site and the time of your visit. We use this information only for internal purposes so we can improve the usability of our site and optimize your browsing experience. LIMITATION OF LIABILITYCEML will not be held liable for any damages or injury you experience during your use of our website or as a result of using our website.
XSuffering Angolans are waiting for your help
Hundreds of sick and injured come to CEML everyday for urgently needed medical care. Our hospital is often their only hope within Angola. Support by monthly donors makes our service possible. Please help. Your gift will change a life!
CEML is a supported ministry of SIM.
Donations for CEML will be receipted and processed by SIM. By clicking on the button below you be directed to a SIM donation page.
Once on the page, please ensure the following project is used.
CEML Medical Benevolent Fund # A094380
USA Donations
Canadian Donations
Giving You Can Trust
SIM is a registered charity in Canada and the United States. All donations will be issued receipts for tax-deductible purposes.