http://www.stainlessfabinc.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Stainless Fabricators, Inc Privacy Policy
At Stainless Fab, Inc. we are committed to maintaining the trust and confidence of our customers as well as visitors to our web site. In particular, we want you to know that Stainless Fab, Inc. is not in the business of selling, renting or trading email lists with other companies and businesses for marketing purposes
Right to access, correct and delete data and to object to data processing
Our customers have the right to access, correct and delete personal data relating to them, and to object to the processing of such data, by addressing a written request, at any time. The Company makes every effort to put in place suitable precautions to safeguard the security and privacy of personal data, and to prevent it from being altered, corrupted, destroyed or accessed by unauthorized third parties. However, the Company does not control each and every risk related to the use of the Internet, and therefore warns the Site users of the potential risks involved in the functioning and use of the Internet. The Site may include links to other web sites or other internet sources. As the Company cannot control these web sites and external sources, the Company cannot be held responsible for the provision or display of these web sites and external sources, and may not be held liable for the content, advertising, products, services or any other material available on or from these web sites or external sources.
Management of personal data
At Stainless Fab, Inc. you can browse our web site without giving us any personal information. We use several products to analyze traffic to this web site in order to understand our customer’s and visitor’s needs and to continually improve our site for them. We collect only anonymous, aggregate statistics. For example, we do not tie a specific visit to a specific IP address.
Users may direct questions concerning this Privacy Policy by email to info@stainlessfabinc.com.
Our Projects