http://www.livemore.co.uk/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Livemore is committed to ensuring your privacy is protected. We use information in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulations 2018.
This policy (in conjunction with our Terms and Conditions) explains how we process any personal data we collect from you or that you provide us with.
By visiting www.livemore.co.uk you are accepting and consenting to the methods described in this policy.
This Privacy Notice explains:
What is personal information?
Information we collect about you
Cookies
How do we use your personal data
Sharing your information
How we keep your information secure
Correcting your personal information
Changes to this policy
Transferring your information outside of Europe
How long can we keep your data
Your rights
What is personal information?
Personal information is any information that tells us something about you.
This could include information such as name, contact details, date of birth, bank account details or any information about your needs or circumstances which would allow us to identify you.
Some personal information is classified as “special” data under data protection legislation.
The includes information relating to health, racial or ethnic origin, religious beliefs or political opinions and sexual orientation.
This information is more sensitive and we need to have further justifications for collecting, storing and using this type of personal information.
There are also additional restrictions on the circumstances in which we are permitted to collect and use criminal conviction data.
Any references to personal information in this privacy notice will include personal data, and where relevant, special categories of personal data.
Information we collect about you
You may give us information about you by completing forms on our site or by corresponding with us by phone, email or otherwise.
The information you give us may include (but is not limited to) your name, title, date of birth, address, email address, phone number or other contact information, financial details, and the records and contents of any correspondence and communications you have with us or any feedback which you leave for us.
You acknowledge that the information which you provide to us may amount to sensitive personal data under the General Data Protection Regulations 2018 and you consent to that data being processed as set out in this Privacy Policy.
We may ask for documents in support of Anti Money Laundering such as passports, driving licences and utility bills.
Livemore do not generally use third parties to carry out tasks on their behalf.
If it is necessary for third parties to have access to this information this will be purely for the conducting of tasks on Livemore’s instructions and not for their own use.
We will not disclose your personal information unless obliged to, or allowed to do so by law, or where we need to in order to run our business (e.g. where other people process data for us).
In such circumstances, we ask those people to give us confidentiality or non-disclosure undertakings.
Each time you visit our site, we may automatically collect the following information:
Technical information, including but not limited to the Internet Protocal (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform, identification number, online identifier, location data and other similar identifying information required for your devices to communicate with websites and applications on the internet;
Information about your visit, including but not limited to the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through and from our site (including date and time); products you viewed or searched for; page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clocks and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page and any phone number used to call us.
Information we receive from other sources:
We may receive information about you if you visit any other websites which we operate or use any services which we provide.
We are also working with third parties (including, for example, business partners, sub-contractors in technical, payment and delivery services, advertising networks, analytics providers, search information providers and may receive information about you from them.
Information we collect about you
Our website uses cookies to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns.
This information is only processed for analytical purposes and does not identify any user.
The information gathered assists us to continually improve the material and content of our website and services.
This ensures that the content of the site is presented in the most effective manner and that we comply with the requirements imposed by law.
Sharing your Information
We may share your information with selected third parties including but not limited to;
Business partners, suppliers and sub-contractors, for the performance of any contract we enter into with them or with you;
Analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of our site and services.
We may disclose your information to third parties:
In the event that we buy or sell any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets;
If Livemore or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its clients will be one of its transferred assets
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our Terms of use and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property or safety of Livemore, our clients, or others.
This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection.
Our site may from time to time contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates.
If you follow a link to any of these websites, please be aware that these have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check through these policies before submitting information to these websites.
How we keep your information secure
The security of information is very important to us and we have measures in place which are designed to prevent unauthorised access to your personal information including but not limited to:
Our client files are stored on our secure client management systems.
Access is restricted on our client systems to those within the business who are required to have access to your information for legitimate business purposes.
Hard copy document is stored appropriately.
All data is hosted in datacentres which have systems and protections in place to protect against both unauthorised access, and other external factors that could cause damage to your personal data. There are strict access requirements in place and access is restricted to those absolutely necessary.
We ensure access to personal information is restricted to Livemore employees and workers or other persons working within Livemore on a need to know basis.
Training is provided to those employees and workers who need access to personal information.
Correcting your Personal Information
We will take all reasonable steps in accordance with our legal obligations to update or correct personally identifiable information in our possession. We aim to keep your personal data accurate and up to date. If you become aware of errors or inaccuracies, please contact us.
The Regulations give you the right to access information held about you. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the Regulations. If you wish to see details of any personal information that we hold about you please contact us in writing and we will respond within 30 days.
Changes to this Policy
The Livemore Privacy Policy may change at any time, so you may wish to check it each time you visit our website.
This policy was last updated in May 2018.
Transferring your information outside of Europe
As part of the services offered to you the information you provide to us may be transferred to, and stored at, countries outside of the European Union (“EU”). By way of example this may happen if any of our servers are from time to time located in a country outside of the EU or one of service providers is located in a country outside of the EU.
These countries may not have similar data protection laws to the UK.
By submitting your personal information to us you agree to the transfer, storing or processing of your information outside the EU in the manner described above.
How long do we keep your data?
The period for which we will keep your personal information will depend on the type of service you have requested from us.
The retention period may be longer than the period for which we are providing services to you where we have statutory or regulatory obligations to retain personal information for a longer period, or where we may need to retain the information in case of a legal claim.
Your rights
Access to your information.
You have rights to the following information:
The purpose(s) for which we are processing your information:
The categories of personal information we hold about you;
The recipients or categories of recipient to whom the personal data have been or will be disclosed;
The period for which we will store your information; or the criteria used to determine that period:
You have the following additional rights:
To a copy of the information we hold about you. You can ask us to send this to you or direct to a third party and in commonly used electronic form;
To rectification or restriction of the way in which we are processing your information; or to object to us processing it;
To erasure of your personal information provided it is no longer necessary for the purposes for which it was collected; or where there is no legal basis for Livemore processing it;
Where we have collected information about you from sources other than yourself, information about those sources;
To ask us whether any decisions are being about you by automated means and if this is happening; information about the logic involved and any significant consequences on you;
To ask us about the appropriate safeguards we are taking if we transfer your information to a third party or international organisation.
You can exercise any of these rights at any time by writing to Anthony Watts, The Livemore Partnership LLP, 74/76 Broadway, Leigh-on-sea Essex, SS9 1AE or by emailing hr@livemore.co.uk
If you are not satisfied about the way in which your information is handled you have the right to lodge a complaint to the Information Commissioner’s Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire, SK9 5AF.
Copyright © 2020 The Livemore Partnership, All Rights Reserved
Privacy policy
Website design by Friday