http://www.jmlsg.org.uk/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
The Joint Money Laundering Steering Group, its subsidiaries and affiliates (hereinafter collectively referred to as “JMLSG,” and “we”) respect the privacy of our online visitors and recognise the importance of protecting your personal information. We have therefore adopted a corporate wide Online Privacy Policy that guides how it collects, stores and uses the information you provide us when you visit our web site.
What and how information is collected
JMLSG may request and collect information from our
online visitors on a voluntary basis and only during: Contact Us email. The
requested information may include personal identifying information such as your
name, e-mail address, phone number, fax number, place of work etc.
Information usage and distribution
The information you provide us is collected by JMLSG
and will not be shared with third-party vendors other than to provide you
feedback on technical support or customer service inquiries. In the event of
using a third-party vendor for the specified reasons, any third-party vendors
have agreed to maintain the confidentiality and security of the information we
share with them.
Opt-out
If you do not want JMLSG to send you e-mail or
postal mail about our products and services, you can opt out at any time by
contacting JMLSG by e-mail at info@jmlsg.org.uk or by mailing a request to JMLSG,
5th Floor, 1 Angel Court, London, EC2R 7HJ.
Use of cookies by JMLSG
A cookie is a piece of data stored on your hard
drive containing information about you as the user. Once you close your
browser, the cookie is deactivated. You have the right to refuse our use of
cookies containing information about you on your hard drive. The table below
explains the cookies we use and why.
Cookie
Name
Explanation
Further reading
Google
Analytics
_utma
_utmb
_utmc
_utmz
These cookies are used to build up information for the Analytics service run by Google. They allow us to run reports on how the website is accessed, what pages are
visited, and traffic sources to send visitors to the JMLSG website. The information stored in these cookies is non-personally identifiable.
Google Privacy Policy
Content
Management System
exp_tracker
exp_last_activity
exp_last_visit
These cookies are used to improve the user experience of the website by building up anonymous data profiles that enable us to understand user journeys and
behaviour across the site.
–
Links to other sites
Most web browsers allow some control of most
cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including
how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them,
visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
You should be aware that when you are on JMLSG’s
web site, you could be directed to other sites that are beyond our control. There
are links to other sites from JMLSG’s web site that may take you outside our
service. We cannot guarantee that the privacy policies of these websites meet
our standards. As always, we recommend reading the privacy policy of any new
site you go to online.
Updating your personal information
If for any reason you wish to access, review,
correct or delete the personal information collected about you, you may do so by
providing your name and e-mail address. Once identified, we will be happy to
review, update or remove your information as appropriate.
Questions or complaints
If you have any questions, complaints, or comments
about JMLSG or this privacy policy, please contact JMLSG by sending an e-mail
to info@jmlsg.org.uk, or by writing to: JMLSG, 5th Floor. 1 Angel
Court, London, EC2R 7HJ.
Latest NewsThe Money Laundering and Terrorist Financing (Amendment) (EU Exit) Regulations 202011 November 2020Ministerial approval of JMLSG Guidance18 August 2020JMLSG publishes new Guidance27 July 2020COVID-19 update June 202019 June 2020JMLSG publishes revised Guidance1 June 2020Search
Search for:
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.ACCEPT