https://www.tradingspaces.co.uk/privacy/
Home
About Us
The Team
Gallery
Enquiry
Delivery
Testimonials
Contact
News
Hire FAQs
Hire T&Cs
Sales T&Cs
PRIVACY AGREEMENT
Portable office sales, hire and mobile buildings including marketing suites, executive sales offices storage containers, jackleg cabins and steel containers from Trading Spaces in Colchester, Essex.
This website, www.tradingspaces.co.uk (the “Site”), and all personal information collected from users of this site, is owned solely by Trading Spaces (Portable Accommodation) Ltd. In this Privacy Policy references to “we”, “us”, “our”, are references to Trading Spaces (Portable Accommodation) Ltd. We use the information from our customers and visitors to improve our online service for you. We respect your privacy and we take it very seriously. Please find below further information regarding our privacy policy.
Information collected
In general, you may visit the Site without telling us who you are or revealing any personally identifiable information about you. Our servers collect the domain names, operating system in use (e.g., Macintosh, Windows) and browser (e.g., Netscape, Internet Explorer). This information is aggregated to measure the number of visits, average time spent on the Site, pages viewed, etc. We use this information to measure the use of our Site and to improve the content of our Site. E-mail addresses and other personally identifiable information such as first and last name, telephone number, and other similar information are known only when voluntarily provided by a visitor for registration or other participation of visitors in any available online interactive activities.
Cookies
Certain information about the user, such as IP addresses, navigation through site, software used, time spent and other similar information, may be stored on our servers in small data pieces known as “cookies,” which may also be written to a User’s computer system. These cookies will not specifically identify the User. The information will be used internally only for web site traffic analysis. If the User specifically provides unique identifying information, such as name, address and other information on forms stored on this site, such information will only be used for statistical purposes and will not be published for general access. However, we assume no responsibility for the security of this information. In addition, we also record your IP address, which is the Internet address of your computer, and information such as your browser type and operating system. This information helps us learn about the geographical distribution of our website visitors and the technology they use to access our site. This information is never connected with the personal information you supply to us if you register on our website.
Security of information
We employ a range of technologies to protect the information maintained on our systems from loss, misuse, unauthorised access or disclosure, alteration, or destruction. We do not share the information we collect with any other organisations. We will endeavour to take all reasonable care, in so far as it is possible to do so, to keep all your details secure, but, in the absence of negligence on our part we cannot be held liable for any loss you may suffer if a third party procures unauthorised access to any data you provide when enquiring.
Consent
By using our Website you therefore consent to the collection and use of your personal information by us as detailed in this privacy policy.
Summary
Our Privacy Policy outlines how we treat your personal information, and forms part of the Terms and Conditions of this Site. This Privacy Policy applies only to this Site, and not to the collection and use of personal information by any third party via any website to which there are links on this Site. We are not responsible for the privacy policies of other websites, and encourage you to be aware when you leave our Site, and to read all applicable terms, conditions and privacy policies when using other websites.
Further Details
For any further details about our privacy policy please e-mail us at enquiries@tradingspaces.co.uk. Please note we reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy with any changes being posted onto this page.