http://www.sigulerguff.com/privacy
Skip to main content
Investor Access
About UsFirm History
Investment ServicesInvestment Strategies
Responsible Investing
Our Team
News
Careers
Contact Us
Investor Access
GDPR Privacy Notice
Due to recent changes in privacy regulations in the EEA related to the implementation of the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), we have updated Siguler Guff’s Privacy Notice. For important information about how Siguler Guff uses your data, and about your rights under GDPR, please click here if you are an investor, potential investor, or service provider and click here if you are an employment candidate.
CCPA Privacy Notice
Due to recent changes in privacy regulations in California related to the implementation of the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), we have updated Siguler Guff’s Privacy Notice.
For important information about how Siguler Guff collects, uses, or discloses your data pursuant to the CCPA, and about your rights under the CCPA, please click here.
Website Privacy Policy
Effective: September 4, 2015
We consider privacy to be fundamental to our relationship with you. As such we are committed to maintaining the confidentiality, integrity and security of your personal information. This Privacy Policy applies to information collected through the use of the Siguler Guff & Company, LP (“Siguler Guff,” “we,” or “us”) website located at www.sigulerguff.com (the “Site”), as well as all related websites, networks and any other services provided by us and on which a link to this Privacy Policy is displayed (collectively, together with the Site, our “Service”). Please note, additional privacy terms will apply to investors in any of Siguler Guff’s or its affiliate’s funds.
Information We Collect
Depending on how you choose to interact with the Service, we may collect personal information from you, which may include your name, mailing address, email address, phone number, and other identifiers.
We collect this personal information when you request information from us, register for an account with us, or in other ways. In addition, our IT systems may automatically record information from your web browser, including your IP address, the country in which your IP address is located, and your browsing history. We use this information to analyze our Service’s usage in order to improve the performance of the Service.
In addition to any information that you may provide us through the Service, we may also collect certain non-public information about you or the investor(s) you represent from sources such as subscription agreements and other related forms, interactions with Siguler Guff or its affiliates (such as discussions or other contacts with our staff, via telephone, written correspondence, and electronic media, as well as from transactions that you have conducted with us, our affiliates or third parties.  For example, we may refer to investor questionnaires, subscription agreements, investment management agreements, limited partnership agreements or other forms to get your name, address, Social Security number, assets and income.
How We May Use Your Information
We may use your personal information in one or more of the following ways:
To personalize your experience and better respond to your needs
To improve our Service based on the information and feedback we receive
To continue improving our customer service by responding to your requests and support needs
To assist with the administration and operations of the funds in which you have invested
To process transactions with greater speed and efficiency
To provide you with access to our services, as well as inform you of products, services, and programs that may be of interest to you
To improve our products and services
To investigate or provide notice of fraud, unlawful or criminal activity, or unauthorized access to or use of personal information, our Service, or data systems
To meet legal obligations
To comply with government regulatory investigations
How We May Share Your Information
Our practices with respect to the disclosure of personal information are as follows:
With Your Express or Implied Consent: Under certain circumstances, we may disclose your personal information to third parties with your consent. You may give your consent in several ways, such as through a written agreement that you sign or acknowledge; an online method, such as a “click through” acknowledgement or registration page; or through the terms and conditions under which we provide you particular information. Sometimes your consent may be implicit. For example, if you request information to be mailed overnight to you, you implicitly consent to the disclosure of your name and address to an overnight courier to complete the delivery.
Service Providers: We may disclose your personal information to third parties who complete transactions or perform services on our behalf or for your benefit (collectively, “Service Providers”). Examples of Service Providers include attorneys, accountants, auditors, administrators, or companies that assist us with mailing statements or processing your transactions. We may also use the services of Service Providers to verify customer data, such as mailing addresses, financial assets, or to supplement other information we have.
Legal Process/Government Investigations: We may disclose your personal information to respond to a subpoena or court order, judicial process or regulatory inquiry.
Certain Business Transactions: Your personal information may be disclosed as part of a corporate business transaction, such as a merger, acquisition, joint venture, or financing or sale of company assets, and could be transferred to a third party as one of the business assets in such a transaction. It may also be disclosed or transferred to a third party in the event of insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership.
Affiliated Companies: We may share your personal information with our affiliated companies.
Security
We use certain physical, managerial, and technical safeguards that are designed to improve the integrity and security of your personally identifiable information. We cannot, however, ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or store on the Service, and you do so at your own risk.   Siguler Guff is not responsible for any third party’s actions or its security controls with respect to information that third parties may collect or process via the Service or otherwise.
Choices
If you receive e-mail correspondence from us, you may unsubscribe at any time by following the instructions contained within the email. You may also opt-out from receiving commercial email from us, and any other promotional communications that we may send to you from time to time, by sending your request to us by email IR@sigulerguff.com with your email address in the subject line.
Access
If you wish to access or amend any other personal information we hold about you, or to request that we delete any information about you that we have obtained from another source, you may contact us using one of the methods listed under the caption Contact Us.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We will modify this Privacy Policy if our practices change. We will notify you of such changes by posting the modified version on this Service and indicating the date on which it was last modified. We encourage you to visit the Service periodically to view the latest version of this Privacy Policy.
Contact Us
If you have questions, comments or concerns, feel free to contact us using one of the methods listed under the caption Contact Us.
User Agreement
Restrictions on Use.  Any person using this website is permitted to copy and print individual website pages for non-commercial purposes.  Users may also copy or print minimal copies of any research or reports posted on the site solely for informational, non-commercial use. These copies must not alter the original website content, including all legal notices and legends. Our prior permission is required for (i) any commercial use of materials on this website; (ii) making more than minimal copies of website materials; and (iii) copying large portions of our website, such as by bots, robots or spyders that "harvest" the website.  If you seek permission for such use of our website, please contact us.
Linking and Framing.  We do not permit others to link to or frame this website or any portion thereof.
Please note that this Privacy Policy and User Agreement applies only to this website and not to other websites that may be accessible from this website via hyperlink. We are responsible only for the content of our own website. We encourage you to review the privacy policies and user agreements of all other websites that you visit.
Ownership.  All content included on this website, such as graphics, logos, articles and other materials, is the property of our organization or others and is protected by copyright and other laws.  All trademarks and logos displayed on this website are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with our organization.
Submissions.  We welcome your questions about us and our financial products and services.  Please be advised that any comments, suggestions, ideas or other information that you send to us through our website will not be treated as confidential, and that we will own and have the right to use them as we choose, without payment to you.
International Use.  Due to the global nature of the Internet, this website may be accessed by users in countries other than the United States.  We make no warranties that materials on this website are appropriate or available for use in such locations.  If it is illegal or prohibited in your country of origin to access or use this website, then you should not do so.  Those who choose to access this site outside the United States do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with all local laws and regulations.
Limitations of Liability.  We are not responsible for any damages or injury, including but not limited to special or consequential damages, that result from your use of (or inability to use) this website, including any damages or injury caused by any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, defect, delay in operation, computer virus, line failure, or other computer malfunction.  You acknowledge that we provide the contents of this website on an "as is" basis with no warranties of any kind.  Your use of this website and use or reliance upon any of the materials on it is solely at your own risk.
Governing Law.  You agree that your use of this website, this Privacy Policy and User Agreement and any disputes relating to any of them shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the State of New York. Any dispute relating to the above shall be resolved solely in the state or federal courts located in Manhattan, New York.
Contact Us.  Thank you for visiting our website.  Please contact us if you have any questions about our website or our Website Privacy Policy and User Agreement.