http://www.hockley.co.uk/about-hockley/privacy-policy/
Hockley International
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Website Privacy Policy
This privacy policy is for this website; [www.hockley.co.uk] and served by Hockley International Limited [Hockley House 3 Longstone Road, Ashbrook Office Park, Manchester M22 5LB] and governs the privacy of those who choose to use it.
This policy sets out how we use and protect any information given by you on this website. We are committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. We may update this policy from time to time on the website. You should check this page to ensure that you are happy with the changes.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Website Visitor Tracking
This website uses tracking software to monitor its visitors to better understand how they use it. The software will save a cookie to your computer’s hard drive in order to track and monitor your engagement and usage of the website, but will not store, save or collect personal information.
Contact & Communication With us
Users contacting us through this website do so at their own discretion and provide any such personal details requested at their own risk. Your personal information is kept private and stored securely until a time it is no longer required or has no use.
Where we have clearly stated and made you aware of the fact, and where you have given your express permission, we may use your details to send you products/services information through a mailing list system.
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
Whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at mail@hockley.co.uk
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information as requested.
If you would like to have your personal information removed from our records, please email us at the above address and advise us of this.  We will then remove your personal details without delay.
If you believe that your personal information has been wrongly used at any time please send your complaints to our Data Controller, Catherine Howard at catherine.howard@hockley.co.uk.
Resources & Further Information
Overview of the GDPR - General Data Protection Regulation
Data Protection Act 1998
Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations 2003
v.1.01 May 2018 Edited & customised by: Hockley International Ltd.
Home
Financial
Hockley Profile
Sales Terms
Purchase Terms
Anti-Corruption and Bribery Policy Statement
Image Credits
Privacy Policy
Website Terms