http://www.cbtks.com/security/privacy-policy
Site Search
Search
Privacy Policy
CoreFirst Bank & Trust has a long history of safeguarding our customers’ private financial information. We are committed to upholding that tradition. We want you to understand what information we collect and how we use it. Our guidelines do protect the privacy of our customers and help to protect against fraud while serving customer needs for new, better and less costly financial products and services. The following serves as standard for all CoreFirst Bank & Trust employees for collection, use, retention and security of nonpublic personal information.Information We Collect The types of personal data we collect and share depends on the product or service you have with CoreFirst. This information can include:Social Security number and incomeAccount balances and payment history Credit history and credit scores“Nonpublic personal information” is nonpublic information about you that we obtain in connection with providing a financial product or service to you. For example, nonpublic personal information includes information regarding your account balance, payment history and overdraft history.Information We DiscloseWe are permitted under law to share information about our experiences or transactions with you or your account (such as your account balance and your payment history with us) with companies related to us by common control or ownership (“affiliates”). We do not share non-experience or non-transactional information about you or your account (such as information we receive from you in applications and information from credit reporting agencies) with our affiliates. We are permitted under the law to disclose nonpublic personal information about you to “nonaffiliated third parties” in certain circumstances. For example, we may disclose nonpublic personal information about you to such third parties to assist us in servicing your loan or account with us, to government entities in response to subpoenas and to credit bureaus. We do not disclose any nonpublic personal information about you to any other third parties, except as permitted by law. If you decide to close your account(s) or become an inactive customer, we will continue to adhere to the privacy policy and practices as described in this notice. Reasons We Share Your Personal InformationWe are permitted under law to share information about our experiences or transactions with you or your account (such as your account balance and your payment history with us) with companies related to us by common control or ownership (“affiliates”). We do not share non-experience or non-transactional information about you or your account (such as information we receive from you in applications and information from credit reporting agencies) with our affiliates.We are permitted under the law to disclose nonpublic personal information about you to “nonaffiliated third parties” in certain circumstances. For example, we may disclose nonpublic personal information about you to such third parties to assist us in servicing your loan or account with us, to government entities in response to subpoenas and to credit bureaus. We do not disclose any nonpublic personal information about you to any other third parties, except as permitted by law. If you decide to close your account(s) or become an inactive customer, we will continue to adhere to the privacy policy and practices as described in this notice.Marketing Services and Joint Marketing ArrangementsWe may disclose all of the information we collect, as described above, to companies that perform marketing services on our behalf or to other financial institutions with which we have joint marketing agreements. Our joint marketing partners include financial services companies. Security Procedures We take steps to
safeguard customer information. We restrict access to your personal and
account information to those of our employees who need to know that information
to provide products or services to you. We maintain physical, electronic
and procedural safeguards that comply with federal standards to guard your
nonpublic personal information.If you have questions or concerns about CoreFirst Bank & Trust’s Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us at: COREFIRST BANK & TRUST  • 3035 SW TOPEKA BLVD. • TOPEKA, KS 66611 • 1.800.280.0123
CoreFirst Bank & Trust is committed to protecting your financial privacy. We understand that you may have some questions about how and why CoreFirst Bank & Trust collects, uses and protects information. Some frequently asked questions are listed below:
Expand all
Collapse all
Privacy Questions and Answers
Does CoreFirst Bank & Trust sell or trade my information to telemarketers?
No. CoreFirst Bank & Trust has not and will not sell information to outside companies.
Are there any outside companies with whom you share information?
Yes, but just for business purposes. We use outside vendors to help us maintain your account by doing such things as printing checks, processing account transactions, providing technological assistance and helping us offer products and services tailored to fit your financial needs. By using outside vendors, we can keep our costs down and operate more efficiently.
Who has access to my financial information?
We have strict internal policies against unauthorized used or disclosure of customer information. Customer information is accessed only by employees who need it to conduct your financial affairs.
Privacy Policy
Website Security
Online Security Essentials
Mobile Device Security
Online Security Essentials
Guard Your Data
Ransomware
Card Cracking
Guard Your Data
Phishing & Your Business
Common Scams
Patriot Act
Learning Center
House Purchase
Auto Purchase
Financial Wisdom
Calculators
View all articles
“Mission Possible” Campaign Exceeds Goal!
Topeka community rallies and really makes a difference to the Topeka Rescue Mission.
“Mission Possible” Campaign Launches to Benefit TRM
You can be the difference and make the MISSION POSSIBLE for those in need today and for years to come!
First Home? Renting or Buying Ask Yourself These Questions First.
Before your start looking for a home of your own, make sure you are ready financially.
View all articles
First Home? Renting or Buying Ask Yourself These Questions First.
Before your start looking for a home of your own, make sure you are ready financially.
Boost Your Credit Score
Applying for credit? Make sure you know the basics on building your credit score.
Saving For A Down Payment
Saving for a down payment to purchase a home can be tough. By following a couple simple strategies you can have the money you need and move in to the home of your dreams in no time.
View all articles
Should I Lease or Buy My Next Vehicle?
Lease or Buy? Check out this checklist before deciding how to finance your next vehicle.
Buying a Car? Read This!
Looking for a new set of wheels? Make sure you are making the right choice with a couple easy steps.
View all articles
First Home? Renting or Buying Ask Yourself These Questions First.
Before your start looking for a home of your own, make sure you are ready financially.
Make The Most Of Your Tax Refund
Forget the latest and greatest, do the RIGHT thing with your tax refund.
How To Be A Savvy Charitable Giver
Holiday spirit for some is giving to a favorite charity. make sure to follow these tips this holiday season.
Background Image: Business_Loans
Retirement
Background Image: Personal_Savings_Accounts
Investment
Background Image: Couple looking at tablet
Personal Financing