http://www.wesleyallen.com/privacy
PRODUCTS
customization
become a dealer
about
catalog
login
contact
Home > Privacy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how Wesleyallen.com uses and protects any information that you give Wesleyallen.com when you use this website.
Wesleyallen.com is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. Wesleyallen.com may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from April 1, 2009.
WHAT WE COLLECT We may collect the following information:
Name and job title.
Contact information including email address.
Demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests.
Other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers.
WHAT WE DO WITH THE INFORMATION WE GATHER We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons: Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new services, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customize the website according to your interests.
SECURITY We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
HOW WE USE COOKIES A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences. We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyze data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system. Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
Wesley Allen Inc.
1001 East 60th Street
Los Angeles, CA 90001
Tel: 323.231.4275
Email: info@wesleyallen.com
X
X
X
X
X
X
Find A Wholesale Representative
X
THANK YOU FOR JOINING!
CLOSE
X
Thank You
X
Step-by-step guide to generating a custom quote.
Follow the steps below to receive a custom quote with your choice of finishes, fabrics, bonded leathers, and iron bed configurations.
1
Register
or Login Creating an account gives you the ability to save, customize, and submit your favorite Wesley Allen pieces.
2
Browse and find the products you want to customize
Choose from a variety of finishes, fabrics, bonded leathers, and iron bed configurations.
3
Save your product Once saved, you can access and edit your designs anytime you log in.
4
Submit to a local retailer Click "Get Quote" and choose a local retailer to send your customized designs to. Your retailer will respond with a customized quote based on your selected options.
Start now
CLOSE