http://www.projectsuk.com/privacy.html
Privacy
Privacy
Privacy
Projects Marketing Ltd. Ltd commit to respecting and protecting your online privacy.Telephone calls recieved by the office may be recorded and used for training and development purposes. This includes your need and your right to know what we do with the personal information you share with us. It also guides our company’s policies regarding the management of this data, including how the information is collected, processed, and for what purposes."Projects Marketing Ltd.": refers to the web pages. By accessing this website you are consenting to the way information is collected and used, as described within this Privacy Policy.In return, Projects Marketing Ltd. gives the commitment that we will use the personal data you provide only in ways that are compatible with the following Privacy Policy.With a clear picture of your ideal customer your bespoke database starts to take shape. All prospects are contacted to confirm relevance, obtain accurate contact details and confirm that we have permission to send information. Each is then added to your database ready for your most successful marketing campaign yet!The collection of informationEvery time you log on to our website your IP (Internet Protocol) address registers on our servers. Your IP address reveals no information other than the number assigned to you. We do not use this technology to get any personal data against your knowledge or free will (i.e., automatically recording e-mail addresses of visitors). Nor do we use it for any purpose other than to help us monitor traffic on our website, or (in case of criminal activity or misuse of our information) to cooperate with law enforcement.CookiesProjects Marketing Ltd. may send "cookies" to your computer. Cookies are fragments of data sent through the web server and stored in your hard drive. Cookies can’t read the files stored in your computer, nor can they gather information. The purpose of cookies are just to monitor the traffic on the site, so we know which pages you have visited or customized, making it easier for you to download the information the next time you look at our pages.Projects Marketing Ltd. does not sell the information to advertisers, not does it change your computer settings. You can also reset your browser to refuse cookies or to notify you when a cookie is sent, although doing this may interfere with the quality and speed of your browsing experience since some features won’t work as they were meant to.
Recent News
We're Moving...
We're Hiring - Telemarketing in Kings Norton, Birmingham
GDPR Compliance for UK Companies
Claim your £1400 Grant for Marketing to Support Growth
Get in touch
Name
Company
Telephone
Email
Message
send
Projects Marketing may wish to retain your details in order to send you further information about their services.
For further information read our privacy policy. If you wish to receive this information please tick here.