http://www.fundmoremerchantbank.com/privacy.htm
Home
/ Privacy
OUR
MISSION
THE
INTERNET
OUR
SERVICES
OUR
MARKETS
ALLIANCES
OUR
TEAM
CLIENT
RELATIONS
CAREERS
Privacy
Statement
This privacy statement applies
to http://www.FundmoreMerchantBank.com
and Fundmore International Capital
Corporation (FICC). FundmoreMerchantBank
does not carry out investment business; accept deposits or conduct
retail-banking activities. FICC work and services are confined to
'preparation and processing' of components of IPOs, GDRs, M&As,
project developments, structured financing solutions and dealings
essential to the economies of the Emerging Markets. Upon contemplating
the financial engineering work, and in compliance with the laws
of each of its market country, will assign underwriting, placement
and public offering, including the provision of legal, tax and accounting
advice, advice on the suitability or profitability of deal, project
or transaction etc. to authorized market makers, book runners, investment
bankers, underwriters legal and accounting firms.
FICC
will operate an Internet Portal and does not collect personal information
about individual users of the Service except where users specifically
provide such information on a voluntary basis.
Information is gathered from application
process for access to the Service. Information on individual users
is never sold or traded to third parties without the approval of
users at the time of registration. On FICC's
application form, users are given the opportunity to indicate whether
they would like to opt out of receiving information about news,
products and services from FICC's and/or any third parties.
Where an indication has been made
by the user that contact by third parties is permissible, FICC
is not responsible for the actions of these third parties.
FICC
and FundmoreMerchantBank reserves the right to contact users regarding
alterations to the substance of the site, modifications to the subscriber
agreement and other issues relevant to the Service and/or information
collected by it.
FICC
and FundmoreMerchantbank's
reserves the right to perform analysis of aggregate user activity
and characteristics in order to improve the Service, as well as
informing advertisers of this information. FICC
may only provide aggregated data from this analysis to third parties.
Certain pages/areas on the FundmoreMerchantBank
web site may use cookies. For more information on what they are
and why we use them, FICC
will provide detail information and data at the appropriate time.
This statement and the policies
outlined in this document are for information only, and are not
intended to and do not create any contractual or other legal rights
in or on behalf of any party.
This site contains links to other
sites. FICC
and FundmoreMerchantBank
is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such
Web sites.
If you have any questions about
this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings
with this Web site, you can contact
Fundmore International Capital
Corporation
e-mail: fred.farha@fundmoremerchantbank.com
Design by Diosphere
HOME
| PRESS
| REGULATIONS
| CONTACT
US | SITE
MAP | PRIVACY
© 2001 FundmoreMerchantBank