https://www.kuka.com/en-us/privacy
You are using an outdated browser version of the Internet Explorers.Please update your browser for ideal presentation of the website.
Data Protection Policy
KUKA Aktiengesellschaft
The protection of your personal information is very important to us.
You will find details below about the collection of personal data when using the kuka.com website. Personal data are all data that may relate to you personally, e.g. name, address, e-mail addresses, user behavior.
The “controller” as defined in Art. 4(7) of the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) is:
KUKA Aktiengesellschaft
Zugspitzstrasse 140
86165 Augsburg, Germany
Executive Board
Peter Mohnen
Chief Executive Officer
Andreas Pabst
Chief Financial Officer
Phone: +49 821 797-50
Fax: +49 821 797-5252
E-mail: kontakt@kuka.com
Further information can be found in our Imprint.
Our Data Protection Officer can be reached at data-privacy@kuka.com.
Security
The KUKA AG website is protected by technical and organizational security measures in order to prevent the loss, manipulation or destruction of your personal data and to avoid access to these data by unauthorized persons. Despite using industry standard Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology for encrypting the data transferred between you and our website, complete protection against all eventualities is not possible.
Disclosure of personal data
No personal data will be disclosed to third parties without your express permission. Data shall only be passed on to public bodies, law enforcement authorities and courts where there is a legal requirement to do so. Our employees are also obliged to secrecy and to treat the personal data you provide confidentially.
The third-party designation shall not apply to companies in the KUKA Group affiliated with KUKA AG, nor shall it apply to service providers contractually bound to us for contracted data processing.
Collection, processing and use of personal data
If you are using our website for purely informative purposes, i.e. if you are not registered or sending information to us in any other way, we collect only those personal data that your browser sends to our server. We require these data for technical purposes in order to display our website for you and to ensure the stability and security thereof. These data also enable us to purposefully improve our range of services. The legal basis for this is contained in Art. 6, para. 1, sentence 1(f) GDPR (legitimate interest).
This includes:
Date and URL relating to the visitor’s use of the website
URL immediately prior to the visitor’s access to the website
IP address and domain from which the site was accessed
The browser used
The operating system used
Technical information about the visit (http method, http version, http status code, length of the data transferred)
Use of cookies
KUKA AG uses cookies in order to make its website more attractive and user-friendly. The legal basis for this is contained in Art. 6, para. 1, sentence 1(f) GDPR. Cookies are small text files which are stored on your device but do not contain a virus of any kind or cause any damage. Our website uses “session cookies”. These cookies track your movements between the various pages of our website during a session so that you are not asked for the same information that you have already provided on our website. Closing and reopening the browser starts a new user session with a new cookie ID. “Global cookies” are also used. These measure the traffic of the website and identify the visitors and the session. These cookies are not deleted at the end of the session, but are replaced after a year.
You can prevent the saving of cookies using the appropriate browser settings. However, if you want to be able to use all the functions of our website, we do not recommend this.
KUKA’s involvement in social media
Besides our website, KUKA AG is present on various social media. We are currently represented on YouTube, LinkedIn, Facebook, Twitter, XING and Instagram.
Please refer to the data privacy provisions of the relevant operator for the purpose and extent of the related data collection as well as the provisions for use of your data by the relevant platform.
YouTube (Google): https://policies.google.com/privacy
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy?trk=organization-guest_footer-privacy-policy
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
Twitter: https://twitter.com/de/privacy
XING: https://www.xing.com/privacy
Instagram: https://help.instagram.com/155833707900388
Embedded content
On our website, we use videos from YouTube, LLC, 901 Cherry Ave., San Bruno, CA 94066, USA, a subsidiary of Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. On our Internet pages, we have embedded YouTube videos that are stored on http://www.youtube.com and can be played directly from our website. These are all embedded in the “expanded data mode”. In other words, no data are transmitted to YouTube from you as a user if you do not play the videos. The data named in following paragraph is only transmitted once you play the videos. We have no influence on this transmission of data. Embedding YouTube videos enhances the appeal of our website. The legal basis for this is contained in Art. 6 (1)(1)(f) GDPR.
When you visit our website, YouTube will receive the information that you have accessed the corresponding subpage of our website. The data specified in the “Collection, processing and use of personal data” section will also be transferred. This happens regardless of whether YouTube provides a user account which you are logged into or whether there is no user account. If you are logged into Google, your data will be allocated directly to your account. If you do not want data to be allocated to your YouTube profile, you must log out before activating the button. YouTube stores your data in user profiles and uses them for the purposes of advertising, market research and/or the tailored design of its website. This analysis is mainly carried out (even for users that are not logged in) to provide advertising tailored to the user’s requirements and to inform other users of the social network of your activities on our website. You have the right to object to the creation of these user profiles and you must contact YouTube to exercise this right.
More information on the purpose and scope of data collection and the processing of said data by YouTube can be found in the Privacy Policy. This policy will also provide you with more information about your rights and setting options to protect your privacy: https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy. When using YouTube, personal data may also be transmitted to the servers of Google LLC in the USA.
Content from the social network Facebook may be embedded in our online offering. This content is managed by Facebook Ireland Limited, 4 Grand Canal Quare, Dublin 2, Ireland (“Facebook”). This may include content such as images, videos or texts. Embedding this content enhances the appeal of our website. The legal basis for this is contained in Art. 6 (1)(1)(f) GDPR.
Since this content is called directly by the Facebook servers, Facebook will receive the information that you have accessed the corresponding subpage of our website. The data specified in the “Collection, processing and use of personal data” section will also be transferred. This happens regardless of whether Facebook provides a user account which you are logged into or whether there is no user account. If you are logged into Facebook, your data will presumably be allocated directly to your account. If you do not want data to be allocated to your Facebook profile, you must log out before visiting our website.
Obtain further information about data processing from Facebook at https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy. When using Facebook, personal data may also be transmitted to Facebook's servers in the USA.
Internet advertising
We advertise on both our own website and non-affiliated websites. We do so using the information made available to us when you visit our website and make use of our content or services. This information is collected by means of cookies. After visiting the KUKA website, you may therefore see advertisements for KUKA on other websites in the form of banners.
The display of advertisements as a result of your activities on non-affiliated websites is not associated with your identity. We do not share any personal data with advertisers or other third parties that display our advertisements. Advertisers or other third parties (including advertising networks, ad serving companies and any other service providers contracted by such) may nevertheless assume that users who click on or interact with advertisements or content belong to the target group for the advertisements or content in question.
We currently use the following tools for Internet advertising. They function by using either cookies or pixels. The legal basis for this is contained in Art. 6, para. 1, sentence 1(f) GDPR.
For more detailed information on how the various tools work, please refer to the websites of the individual third-party providers:
Google Tag Manager
Google Double Click
Facebook Pixel
Twitter Universal Tag
LinkedIn Insight Tag
Website analysis
We use Sitecore Analytics for website analysis. This software only evaluates server data. These data correspond to the data specified in the “Collection, processing and use of personal data” section.
The statistics obtained enable us to improve our website and make it more interesting for you the user. The legal basis for the use of Sitecore Analytics is contained in Art. 6, para. 1, sentence 1(f) GDPR.
Only server data are used for this analysis. This includes data specified in the “Collection, processing and use of personal data” section. We store the information collected in this way exclusively on a server in Germany.
Newsletter/press distribution list
On our website, you can register to receive our newsletter or, as a media representative, to be entered on the press distribution list. In this case, you must provide your e-mail address, a title and your first and last name. Your e-mail address will only be used for sending the newsletter or press releases. You give us your express consent for sending the newsletter or press releases and the related processing of your personal data. The legal basis is contained in Art. 6, para. 1, sentence 1(a) GDPR.
You can withdraw this consent and unsubscribe from the newsletter or press distribution list at any time. Further information may be voluntarily provided: During registration for the press distribution list, you can optionally specify the media outlet, publisher, country and telephone number. During registration for the newsletter, you can optionally specify your title and company as well as your branch of industry and interests. This information helps us to adapt our offerings to your specialist requirements and interests.
Insofar as a form allows the entry of optional information (e.g. company, media outlet, job title, location or other contact details), such entries are entirely voluntary. Not providing optional information entails no disadvantages other than possible contact restrictions.
We use what is known as the double opt-in process to register for our newsletter. This means that we will send you an e-mail to the specified e-mail address after you have registered, in which we ask for confirmation that you wish to be sent the newsletter. If you do not confirm your registration within 48 hours, your personal data will be blocked and automatically erased after one month. We additionally save the IP addresses you have used and the registration and confirmation times. The purpose of this process is to be able to provide proof of your registration and to clarify any possible misuse of your personal data. The legal basis for this is contained in Art. 6, para. 1, sentence 1(f) GDPR.
In the case of distribution of the newsletter, we evaluate your user behavior. For this evaluation, the e-mails that are sent contain so-called web beacons or tracking pixels, i.e. single-pixel image files that are saved on our website. For the purpose of evaluation, we link the data specified under “Collection, processing and use of personal data” and the web beacons with your e-mail address and an individual ID. We use the data thus acquired to create a user profile in order to tailor the newsletter to your specific interests. We receive information about when you read or forward our newsletter, which links you click on in it, and use this information to draw conclusions about your personal interests. We link these data with your actions on our website. We use these functions due to our justified interest in targeted advertising. The legal basis for this is contained in Art. 6 (1)(1)(f) GDPR.
You can withdraw your consent to this tracking at any time by unsubscribing from the newsletter.
Initiating contact
E-mail and forms
Upon filling out a form on our website or contacting us by e-mail, the data you have provided will only be used to process your request and will be treated confidentially at all times. If you contact us using our contact form, you must always specify your first and last name, your e-mail address and the country from which you are writing to us. You give us your express consent for processing these personal data for the purpose of handling your request. The legal basis is contained in Art. 6, para. 1, sentence 1(a) GDPR. You can withdraw this consent at any time.
We erase the data used for the purpose of establishing contact once storage is no longer required or restrict processing if there are statutory retention obligations.
Links to third-party websites
Our website may contain links to external websites. At the time of setting the link, KUKA AG satisfied itself that the linked pages do not contain illegal content of any kind. However, KUKA AG cannot ensure continuous monitoring and has no influence whatsoever on the content of the linked websites. No liability will therefore be accepted for the content after the link has been set.
Your rights
You have the following rights from us in respect of your personal data:
Right of access,
Right to rectification or erasure,
Right to object to processing,
Right to restriction of processing,
Right to data portability.
You can contact our Data Protection Officer free of charge at data-privacy@kuka.com to assert these rights.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with a data protection authority regarding our processing of your personal data.
Time limits for erasure
We erase all personal data as soon as they are no longer required for the purpose that they have been collected for or you have exercised your right to erasure. Provided there are no statutory retention periods and none of the other exemptions specified in Art. 17, para. 3 GDPR applies, we will erase the data concerned as quickly as possible.
Contact person
If you have any questions regarding the design or functions of the website, please contact:
webmaster@kuka.com
Reservation of the right of modification
The KUKA AG Privacy Policy can be saved or printed at any time. KUKA AG, however, reserves the right to adapt the Privacy Policy at any time, subject to data protection regulations, in order to cater for the ongoing further development of the website.
Cookie settings
OK and discover KUKA
This website uses cookies (find out more) in order to offer you the best service online as well. If you simply continue to use our website, we will only use cookies required for technical purposes. If you click on “OK and discover KUKA”, you are also agreeing to the additional use of marketing cookies. You can select which cookies we use by clicking on “Cookie settings”.
Cookie settings