http://www.redbaron.com/terms-of-use/default.htm
Skip to content
Where to Buy
Where to Buy
Terms of Use
Last Revised: July 1, 2020
Acceptance of the Terms of Use
These terms of use are entered into by and between You and Schwan's Shared Services, LLC ("Company," "we," or "us").
The following terms and conditions, together with any documents they expressly incorporate herein (collectively, "Terms of Use") govern your access to and use of this website, including any content, functionality, and offerings offered on or through this website ("Website").
Please read the Terms of Use carefully before you start to use the Website. By using the Website or by clicking to accept or agree to the Terms of Use if and when such option is made available to you, you accept and agree to be bound and abide by these Terms of Use, our Privacy Notice (found at www.RedBaron.com/privacy-notice) and incorporated herein by reference), and applicable laws and regulations.
If you do not want to agree to these Terms of Use, the Privacy Notice, and applicable laws and regulations, you must not access or use the Website.
This Website is offered and available to users who are 16 years of age or older. By using this Website, you represent and warrant that you are 16 years of age or older.
Changes to the Terms of Use
We may revise and update these Terms of Use from time to time in our sole discretion. All changes will become effective immediately when we post them, and your continued use of the Website following the posting of revised Terms of Use means that you accept and agree to the changes. Please check this page from time to time so you are aware of any changes, as they are binding on you.
Accessing the Website
We reserve the right to withdraw or amend this Website (including by removing content) in our sole discretion without notice. Additionally, from time to time, we may restrict access to some parts of the Website, or the entire Website, to users.
We will not be liable if for any reason all or any part of the Website is unavailable at any time or for any period.
Visitor Online Conduct
You may use this Website only for lawful purposes and in accordance with these Terms of Use. You agree to not use the Website:
In any way that violates any applicable federal, state, local, or international law or regulation (including, without limitation, any laws regarding the export of data or software to and from the US or other countries).
To transmit, or procure the sending of, any advertising or promotional material, including any "junk mail," "chain letter," "spam," or any other similar solicitation.
To impersonate or attempt to impersonate the Company, an affiliate, an employee of Company or a Company affiliate, another user, or any other person or entity (including, without limitation, by using email addresses associated with any of the foregoing).
To engage in any other conduct that restricts, inhibits, or disrupts anyone's use or enjoyment of the Website, or which, as determined by us, may harm the Company or users of the Website, or expose them to liability.
To attempt to obtain access to any portion of this Website, any computer, server, account, network, software and/or hardware with the Website, from which you are restricted.
You agree you are solely responsible for any actions you undertake while visiting this Website, and you warrant that all information you provide through this Website is accurate and truthful.
Intellectual Property Rights
The Website and its entire contents, features, and functionality (including but not limited to all information, software, text, displays, images, video, and audio, and the design, selection, and arrangement thereof) are owned by the Company, its licensors, or other providers of such material and are protected by United States and international copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, and other intellectual property or proprietary rights laws.
No right, title, or interest in or to the Website or any content on the Website is transferred to you, and the Company, its licensors, or other providers of such material (as applicable) expressly reserve all rights in and to all content on the Website. No license is granted to you in connection with any such content, and any unauthorized use or misuse of such content is prohibited as provided by these Terms of Use. You cannot reproduce, modify, create derivative works of, distribute, download, display, republish, store, transmit, or sell, in any form in part or in whole, any of the content on the Website without express permission of the copyright owner prior to the action. Your personal and non-commercial use to display, copy, distribute, print and/or download the content will be granted but, you must not: (a) modify the content; or (b) delete or alter any copyright, trademark, or other proprietary rights notices from copies of materials from the Website. If you do modify the content, you must have prior written permission to do so.
You may print copies of the information for your personal use, store the files for your personal use, or reference this Website for your own use/information. In its sole discretion, the Company or its licensors may seek to enforce their intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law, including through criminal prosecution.
Additionally, the Company name, trademarks, trade names, logos, and all related product names, design marks and slogans which appear on the Website are the trademarks (registered or unregistered) of the Company or its licensors. You must not use such marks without the prior written permission of the Company. All other names, logos, product and service names, designs, and slogans on this Website are the trademarks of their respective owners.
Reporting Claims of Copyright Infringement
We take claims of copyright infringement seriously. We will respond to notices of alleged copyright infringement that comply with applicable law. If you believe any materials accessible on or from the Website infringe your copyright, you may request removal of those materials (or access to them) from the Website by submitting written notification to our copyright agent designated below. In accordance with the Online Copyright Infringement Liability Limitation Act of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (17 U.S.C. § 512) ("DMCA"), the written notice (the "DMCA Notice") must include substantially the following:
Your physical or electronic signature.
Identification of the copyrighted work you believe to have been infringed or, if the claim involves multiple works on the Website, a representative list of such works.
Identification of the material you believe to be infringing in a sufficiently precise manner to allow us to locate that material.
Adequate information by which we can contact you (including your name, postal address, telephone number, and, if available, email address).
A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted material is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
A statement that the information in the written notice is accurate.
A statement, under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner.
Our designated copyright agent to receive DMCA Notices is the Law Department, which can be reached at sipllc@schwans.com.
If you fail to comply with all of the requirements of Section 512(c)(3) of the DMCA, your DMCA Notice may not be effective.
Please be aware that if you knowingly materially misrepresent that material or activity on the Website is infringing your copyright, you may be held liable for damages (including costs and attorneys' fees) under Section 512(f) of the DMCA.
Information About You and Your Visits to the Website
All information we collect on this Website is subject to our Privacy Notice. By using the Website, you consent to all actions taken by us with respect to your information in compliance with the Privacy Notice.
Links to Third Party Sites
The Website may contain links to other sites and resources not owned or controlled by us. This includes links contained in advertisements, including banner advertisements and sponsored links. We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources, and accept no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them. If you decide to access any of the third-party websites linked to this Website, you do so entirely at your own risk and subject to the terms and conditions of use for such websites.
Geographic Restrictions
The Company is based in the United States. We provide this Website for use only by persons located in the United States. We make no claims that the Website or any of its content is accessible or appropriate outside of the United States. Access to the Website may not be legal by certain persons or in certain countries. If you access the Website from outside the United States, you do so on your own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws.
Disclaimer; Limitation of Liabilities
You understand that we cannot and do not guarantee or warrant that files available for downloading from the internet or the Website will be free of viruses or other destructive code. You are responsible for implementing sufficient procedures and checkpoints to satisfy your particular requirements for anti-virus protection and accuracy of data input and output, and for maintaining a means external to our site for any reconstruction of any lost data.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PROVIDED BY LAW, THE COMPANY HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, STATUTORY, OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PROVIDED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL THE COMPANY, ITS AFFILIATES, OR THEIR LICENSORS, SERVICE PROVIDERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, OFFICERS, OR DIRECTORS BE LIABLE FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, UNDER ANY LEGAL THEORY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE, OR INABILITY TO USE, THE WEBSITE, ANY WEBSITES LINKED TO IT, ANY CONTENT ON THE WEBSITE OR SUCH OTHER WEBSITES, INCLUDING ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PERSONAL INJURY, PAIN AND SUFFERING, EMOTIONAL DISTRESS, LOSS OF REVENUE, LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF BUSINESS OR ANTICIPATED SAVINGS, LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF GOODWILL, LOSS OF DATA, AND WHETHER CAUSED BY TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), BREACH OF CONTRACT, OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF FORESEEABLE.
THE FOREGOING DOES NOT AFFECT ANY LIABILITY THAT CANNOT BE EXCLUDED OR LIMITED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.
Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless the Company, its affiliates, licensors, and service providers, and its and their respective officers, directors, employees, contractors, agents, licensors, suppliers, successors, and assigns from and against any claims, liabilities, damages, judgments, awards, losses, costs, expenses, or fees (including reasonable attorneys' fees) arising out of or relating to your violation of these Terms of Use or your use of the Website, including, but not limited to, any contribution you make to the Website, any use of the Website's content, services, and products other than as expressly authorized in these Terms of Use, or your use of any information obtained from the Website.
Governing Law and Venue
All matters relating to the Website and these Terms of Use, and any dispute or claim arising therefrom or related thereto (in each case, including non-contractual disputes or claims), shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Minnesota without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule.
Any legal suit, action, or proceeding arising out of, or related to, these Terms of Use or the Website shall be instituted exclusively in the federal courts of the United States for the District of Minnesota or the courts of the State of Minnesota. You waive any and all objections to the exercise of jurisdiction over you by such courts and to venue in such courts.
Waiver and Severability
No waiver by the Company of any term or condition set out in these Terms of Use shall be effective unless expressly consented to by the Company in writing, nor will any such waiver be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or condition or a waiver of any other term or condition. Any failure of the Company to assert a right or provision under these Terms of Use shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
If any provision of these Terms of Use is held by a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall be eliminated or limited to the minimum extent such that the remaining provisions of the Terms of Use will continue in full force and effect.
Entire Agreement
The Terms of Use and our Privacy Notice constitute the sole and entire agreement between you and the Company regarding the Website and supersede all prior and contemporaneous understandings, agreements, representations, and warranties, both written and oral, regarding the Website.
Your Comments and Concerns
This Website is operated by Schwan's Shared Services, LLC, 8500 Normandale Lake Boulevard, Suite 2000, Bloomington, MN 55437.
All notices of copyright infringement claims should be sent to the copyright agent designated in the section above entitled "Reporting Claims of Copyright Infringement."
All feedback, comments, requests for technical support, and other communications relating to the Website should be directed to comments@redbaron.com or you can call 800-769-7980.