http://www.transilwrap.com/privacy
Skip to main content
Privacy
August 15, 2018
TRANSCENDIA Privacy Policy
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us and keeping your data secure and maintaining your trust is our priority.  Transcendia’s website does not require you to provide personal information unless as part of your request for product data, technical services or general information.  This data is used for the fulfillment and complete satisfaction of your request.
A key component of digital security at Transcendia is to provide you with the understanding of our data policy and security measures so that you can take a proactive role in making decisions that are right for you.  If you don’t agree with or are uncomfortable with any aspect of our Privacy Statement you can send us your concerns for us to review, and or discontinue the use of our site.
Digital security is dynamic and Transcendia will continue to work hard and evolve in order to main your trust, guided by five (5) core global privacy principals:
Control: We will put you in control of your privacy with clear choices.
Transparency: We will be transparent about data collection and its use so that you can make informed decisions.
Security: We will protect the data that you entrust to us via strong security practices and encryption.
Strong legal protections: We will respect and honor privacy law.
Benefits to you: When we do collect data, we will use it to benefit you and to make your experience better.
The following Privacy Statement will explain in further detail our online information practices as well as the decisions you may make regarding how your information is collected and used.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
Transcendia reserves the right to modify this Privacy Statement at any time. This is a live document, under regular review and you are encouraged to review it often since the posted policy will be binding.  Revisions will be indicated by updating the Privacy Policy modification date at the top of the page.
What Data Does Transcendia Collect?
Our website is designed to maximize our visitor’s experience, in part by enabling you to easily and quickly send us information.  This is done through the "contact us", and “request for quote” pages or any other area where you may send emails or provide feedback.  By participating you may be providing personal information in order for us to effectively and rapidly fulfill your needs.
The information you provide might include your name, address, email, telephone number, and will be accompanied with your IP address, referring web site, what pages you visited and the duration of your website visit. This information allows us to contact you regarding the question(s) you sent us, or provide you with additional information that may be relevant to you or your business in the form of direct emails or press releases.
This information will only be used by Transcendia for:
The purpose for which it was provided by you and any reasonably incidental purposes.
Verification purposes and statistical analysis to improve the site.
Transcendia marketing and administration purposes.
People Who Email US
Any email sent to us, including any attachments, may be monitored and used by us for reasons of security and for monitoring compliance with our data protection policy. Email monitoring or blocking software may also be used. Please be aware that you have a responsibility to ensure that any email you send to us is within legal guidelines.  Unsolicited material of a criminal nature will be reported to the relevant authorities and blocked.
We may use and analyze your information to:
Process the goods and services you've bought from us, and keep you updated with your order progress.
Keep you informed generally about new products and services (unless you choose not to receive our marketing messages).
Provide the relevant service or product to you.
Contact you with offers or promotions based on how you use our products and services.
Respond to any questions or concerns you may have about using our products or services.
Protect our systems and manage the volume of digital traffic using our networks.
Understand how you use our products and services so we can continuously improve our product, services, and informational materials.
Conduct research and statistical analysis based on our website traffic, network and customer requests thru anonymous methods.
Prevent and detect fraud or other crimes, recovery of debt(s).
Provide aggregated reports to third parties (such reports do not contain any information which may identify you as an individual).
We will maintain your information for as long as we have to by law. If there's no legal requirement, we'll only store it for as long as we need it in order to provide exceptional products or services at a future date.
Children’s Privacy Protection
We understand the importance of protecting children's privacy in the interactive online world. Our website is not designed for or intentionally targets, children 13 years of age or younger, nor is it our policy to gather or collect such data from children.
Removal, Alteration, and Transparency of Personal Data:
To our European visitors you have the right to be given a copy of information held by us about you.  We will provide the requested information to you within 30 calendar days of the receipt of a valid request in writing. You have the right to review your data and to have any inaccuracies corrected. Further, you can request to have information erased, with the understanding doing so may hinder our ability to assist with future needs or ask you to provide it again.  We will agree to any such valid requests within 30 calendar days of receipt of a valid request in writing.
All Privacy requests must be in writing, sent via:
Mail Address:  Data Protection, Transcendia, 9201 W. Belmont Ave., Franklin Park, IL 60131.
Email: dataprotection@transcendia.com
Questions Phone: 847-678-1800
We reserve the right to request additional information in order to enable us to identify your personal data and or to verify your identity.
Consent
By using our site, or by completing a submission form you consent to our online privacy policy as set out in this statement.  When updates are made we will always post our current Privacy Policy statement and update the policy date, thus ensuring you are always informed of how your information is used and why.
Security
We take our security responsibilities seriously and have a trusted agency employing the most appropriate physical and technical measures.
Links to Other Websites
This privacy notice does not cover redirecting links to other websites. You are encouraged to read the privacy statements for each websites you visit.
Links to other websites include:
http://www.metprogroup.com/
https://www.clearfocus.com/
http://www.brushfoil.com/
http://www.marshallplastic.com
https://facebook.com/transcendia/
https://twitter.com/transcendia_inc
https://www.linkedin.com/company/transcendiainc/
Network Hosting Information:
Transcendia.com is hosted by Pantheon's whose primary infrastructure provider is Google and is hosted on the Google Cloud Platform in the US-Central1 region. Google's security and compliance certifications are available at the following link: https://cloud.google.com/security/compliance/. Please refer to Google's SOC3 report for specifics as to how Google provides a secure and resilient hosting infrastructure for our clients. https://cloud.google.com/files/GCP_SOC3_Fall_2017.pdf
Cookies
Similar to most websites we place a bit of code called a “Cookie” on your computer or mobile device. The cookie allows our website to "remember" your actions or preferences over time, making your experience even better.  Cookies also provide analytical data on the website, enabling us to understand which areas of the website are of most relevance to you.  Lastly, Cookies are used for maintenance, so we can ensure our website functions efficiently as possible.
How we use your information
We only use your information, with your permission, to send you content that you have agreed to receive such as newsletters and other Emails.
Your information and Third Parties
Only we see your information; no one else. When you give us your name and email, the information is passed through to our internal Sale Force and Customer Resource Management (CRM) tool, Pardot.  We do not provide this data to third parties.
Accessing and Managing Your Information
In order to communicate with you, we use a Customer Resource Management (CRM) program called Pardot.  This allows us to better manage our communication, while keeping your information safe. We only send you content that is useful to you; communicating new products, services, promotions and or marketing announcements.   Each email gives you the option to unsubscribe by clicking "unsubscribe" within the email.  NOTE: selecting this option will stop ALL future communications to you, regardless of the content, potential savings or benefit to you or your organization.
Calculator Tool
Let Us Do The Math
It's easy to choose the right amount of film for your project. Use our calculator for conversion formulas, metric equivalents and more. Or leave the math to us and contact one of our expert sales representatives.
» Start Calculating
Datasheets
Get The Specs
Download our datasheets and get the details on tensile strength, tear resistance, opacity and more.
Take a Look
Product Finder
Discover Your Solution
We have hundreds of products, and more than 8,500 product SKUs. Which is the perfect choice for you? Let us help you explore the possibilities.
» Find Your Product
Send Us Your Questions
Ask us for a custom solution, film recommendations and more.
» Contact
Request a Quote
Just tell us your specs and we’ll respond promptly.
» Request a Quote