http://www.flexiblepipelines.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Navigation
Home
mainHome
About Us
Global Structure
Quality
History
Why Layflat Hose ?
Applications
Military
Ship to Shore Solutions
Mining
Petroleum, Oil and Gas
Drinking Water Applications
Irrigation and Agriculture
Fracking
Emergency Response
Others
Products
Wellmaster
Wellmaster Range
WellCalc Software
Installation Support
Super Aquaduct
Armourline
Dragmaster
Flowmaster
Chemicoil
Offshore 850
Duraline Fire Hose
Handling Equipment
News
Contact
Distributors
Return to Content
At Angus Flexible Pipelines we are dedicated to safeguarding and preserving your privacy when visiting our site or communicating electronically with us.
This Privacy Policy, together with our terms of use, provides an explanation as to what happens to any personal data that you provide to us, or that we collect from you.
We do update this Policy from time to time so please do review this Policy regularly.
Use of Cookies
‘Cookies’ are used to provide aggregated statistics on visitors to our websites and their browsing behaviour. This enables us to order the site to make customers’ journeys easier, and if necessary make improvements. The data is aggregated and anonymised, which means we cannot identify you as an individual.
We use Google Analytics to carry out analytical functions on our site. You can view their privacy policy here.
By using the website, you agree that we can place these types of cookies on your device.
Information We Collect
We may collect and process the following data about you:
Details of your visits to our website and the resources that you access, including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data.
Information about you that you give us by filling in forms on our website or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise. It includes information you provide when you register to use our site, subscribe to any of our services, search for a product, place an order for a product, participate in discussion boards or other social media functions on our website or LinkedIn site, enter a competition, promotion or survey, and when you report a problem with our site. The information you give us may include your name, address, e-mail address and phone number, financial and credit card information, personal description and photograph.
Information provided to us when you communicate with us for any reason.
Information we receive from other sources. This is information we receive about you if you use any of the other websites we operate or the other services we provide. In this case we will have informed you when we collected that data if we intend to share those data internally and combine it with data collected on this site. We will also have told you for what purpose we will share and combine your data. We are working closely with third parties (including, for example, business partners, sub-contractors in technical, payment and delivery services, advertising networks, analytics providers, search information providers, credit reference agencies). We will notify you when we receive information about you from them and the purposes for which we intend to use that information.
Use of Your Information
The information that we collect and store relating to you is primarily used to enable us to provide our services to you. In addition, we may use the information for the following purposes:
To provide you with information requested from us, relating to our products or services. To provide information on other products which we feel may be of interest to you, where you have consented to receive such information.
To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us and to provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us.
If you are an existing customer, we may contact you with information about goods and services similar to those which were the subject of a previous sale to you.
Information we collect about you
We will use this information:
to administer our site and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
to improve our site to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;
to allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so;
as part of our efforts to keep our site safe and secure;
to measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you;
to make suggestions and recommendations to you and other users of our site about goods or services that may interest you or them.
Information we receive from other sources
We will combine this information with information you give to us and information we collect about you. We will use this information and the combined information for the purposes set out above (depending on the types of information we receive).
Storing Your Personal Data
We may transfer data that we collect from you to locations outside of the European Economic Area for processing and storing. Also, it may be processed by staff operating outside the European Economic Area who work for us or for one of our suppliers. For example, such staff maybe engaged in the processing and concluding of your order, the processing of your payment details and the provision of support services. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all reasonable steps to make sure that your data is treated securely and in agreement with this Privacy Policy.
Data that is provided to us is stored on our secure servers. Details relating to any transactions entered into on our site will be encrypted to ensure its safety.
The transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure and therefore we cannot guarantee the security of data sent to us electronically and transmission of such data is therefore entirely at your own risk.  Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password so that you can access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential.
Disclosing Your Information
You agree that we have the right to share your personal information with:
Any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, as defined in section 1159 of the UK Companies Act 2006.
Selected third parties including:
business partners, suppliers and sub-contractors for the performance of any contract we enter into with them or you;
We will disclose your personal information to third parties:
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we will disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
If Angus Fire or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Third Party Links
You mind find links to third party websites on our website. These websites should have their own privacy policies which you should check. We do not accept any responsibility or liability for their policies whatsoever as we have no control over them.
Access To Information
The GDPR and Data Protection Act give you the right to access the information that we hold about you. Should you wish to receive details that we hold about you please contact us using the contact details below. Personal data information will be provided within 30 days of the request.
Contacting Us
We welcome any queries, comments or requests you may have regarding this Privacy Policy. Please do not hesitate to contact us.
COVID-19
We are open for business, receiving orders, manufacturing products, and shipping to customers worldwide. However, in light of the circumstances ...Minexpo 2020 September – 28-30, 2020
We are exhibiting at the Minexpo 2020 in Las Vegas this year.
Watch this space for more information soon.
ABMEC Membership
ABMEC provides its members a means to accomplish things collectively, that they could not do as effectively or efficiently working ...
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok