http://www.flightsafety.com/cookie-policy
Skip to content
Cookie Policy
Revision: 1.5
Date: August 20, 2020
Home
FlightSafety International Cookie Policy
Scope:
As described in our Privacy Policy, we use cookies to help personalize your online experience with us. This Cookie Policy sets out some further detail on how and why we use these technologies. This cookie policy applies to any FlightSafety International product or service that links to this policy or incorporates it by reference.
What Is A Cookie?
A cookie is a small data file placed on your hard drive by a website server when you visit. This allows us to recognize your preference information, remember your Client ID number and facilitate effective site administration. We also may use third party tools (like Google Analytics) to collect and track information regarding your use of our site. This would include the use of cookies by this third party tool. Most internet browsers allow you to erase cookies from your hard drive, block cookies or receive a warning before a cookie is placed on your hard drive.
Cookie Types:
We may use any of the following types of cookies as detailed below. Each cookie falls within one of these two types:
First Party
These cookies set by the website owner or service provider (in this case, FlightSafety International).
Third Party
These cookies are set by parties other than the website owner or service provider. These cookies enable third party features or functionality to be provided on or through the website or service you are using.
PS
We didn’t forget about the Second Party. Second Party cookies are not used in the online cookie context as there is no technical distinction between the first party (owner) or second party (contractor) web software.
Cookie Categories:
We may use any of the following categories of cookies as detailed below. Each cookie falls within one of these four categories:
Strictly Necessary
These cookies are sometimes called “Essential” or “First Party” cookies, as without them we cannot provide many services that you need.
Performance
These cookies are sometimes called “Analytics” cookies as they track information about visits to our websites so that we can make improvements and report our performance.
Functionality
These cookies are sometimes called “Preference” cookies as these cookies are used to remember information you have entered or choices you make (such as your username, language or your region) on our websites. These choices are remembered, through the use of the persistent cookies, so that the next time you visit our websites you will not have to set them again.
Targeting
These cookies are sometimes called “Advertising” cookies as they are placed by third party advertising platforms or networks in order to deliver ads and track ad performance. They enable advertising networks to deliver ads that may be relevant to you based upon your activities on our websites.
How Can You Control Cookies?
Website Cookie Preferences
You can exercise preferences about what cookies are served on our websites by visiting our cookie settings preference center. Access to the Cookie Settings Preference Center is located in our Cookie Banner.
Browser Controls
You can set or amend your web browser controls to accept or refuse cookies. You should visit your browser’s help menu for more information.
Disable Internet Advertising
Most advertising networks offer you a way to opt out of Interest Based Advertising. If you would like to find out more information, please visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ or http://www.youronlinechoices.com.
Disable Mobile Advertising
You can opt out of having your mobile advertising identifiers used for certain types of Interest Based Advertising by accessing the settings in your Apple or Android mobile device. Please follow the most recent published instructions for your respective device.
Do Not Track Disclosure
FlightSafety does not track its website visitors over time and across third party websites to provide targeted advertising and therefore does not respond to Do Not Track (DNT) signals.
Some sites keep track of your browsing activities to enable them to tailor what they present to you. Internet browsers – like Internet Explorer, Firefox, and Safari – include the ability to transmit “Do Not Track” or “DNT” signals. However, not all websites can process these yet. You can learn more at https://allaboutdnt.com/.
Cookie Policy Updates
We reserve the right to update this privacy policy at any time without prior notice.
Upon a change in policy, we will alert you with a conspicuous website banner notice.
Use the “Last Updated” date in this policy and the Revision Log to determine when and what changed.
How To Contact Us:
If you have any questions about our use of cookies or other technologies, please contact Tracey Clough, Data Protection Officer at DataProtection@FlightSafety.com.
Contact Our Corporate Headquarters:
FlightSafety International
290 Broadhollow Road, Suite 402E
Melville, New York 11747-4818
United States of America
(718) 565-4100
Cookie Policy Revision Log
Company History
FlightSafety International
Corporate Headquarters
290 Broadhollow Road, Suite 402 E
Melville , NY 11747-4818  USA
+1 718.565.4100 • 1.800.877.5343
Name*
Email*
Phone
Company
Where did you hear about us
Question*
By checking this box I consent to FlightSafety collecting, storing and processing the information I provide on this form solely for the purpose of responding to my request. I understand that it may be necessary for FlightSafety to disclose the information that I provide to others within its organization in order to properly respond to my request and I hereby consent to such disclosure and any associated transfers. I have reviewed the Privacy Notice and Privacy Policy and understand my rights with respect to the processing of this data. I understand that I can withdraw my consent regarding this request at any time by contacting our Data Protection Officer at dataprotection@FlightSafety.com.*
A Berkshire Hathaway company