https://www.structure-flex.co.uk/privacy-policy
Air Lift Bags
Find Out More!
Toggle navigation
01263 863 100
Contact Us
Home
Product Areas
Commercial Transport
Digital Print
Bulk Packaging
Proof Test
Air Lift Bags
Mobildeich
About Us
Contact Us
Latest News
Special Projects
Testimonials
Job Opportunities
Structure-flex Privacy Policy
Introduction
The purpose of this document is to communicate our position and the application of
controls in respect of lawful processing and retention of personal data held by Structureflex.
Structure-flex are committed to safeguarding the privacy the personal data we hold. This
policy applies where we are acting as a data controller with respect to the personal data of
our internal staff and its processing by authorised 3rd party service providers.
Why this Policy exists
This data privacy policy ensures Structure-flex.:
- Complies with the obligations and responsibilities of the GDPR and follows good practice
- Protects the rights of staff
- Is open about how we store and process individual’s data
- Protects ourselves from the risk of data breach or unauthorised access to the data we hold
General Data Protection Regulations 2018 (GDPR)
The GDPR describes how organisations – including Structure-flex. – must collect, handle
and store personal information. These rules apply regardless of whether data is stored
electronically, on paper or on other materials.
To comply with the law, personal information must be collected freely and used fairly,
stored safely and not disclosed unlawfully.
What we collect – Internal HR related personal data
Through the purposes and nature of our employment of staff and engagement with directly
employed contractors we may collect the following information:
- Name, address and personal contact details including phone and email address
- Date of birth
- Valid information to verify your identity including copies of photographic ID such as
copies of your passport or driving license
- Valid information to verify your right to work in the UK and wider European
Economic Union until such time as this no longer applies
- Details relating to your driving license and driving history – specific consent is
obtained for this to enable the DVLA to provide up to date license details
- Vocational qualifications and competence evidence that supports your ability to
undertake assigned tasks
- Health data relating to your occupational health
- In Case of Emergency (ICE) contact details
- References – prior to the commencement of employment
- Tax and National Insurance details
- Bank details for remuneration purposes
- Performance appraisal information for the completion of your duties whilst in the
employment of Structure-flex.
Sensitive Data
Structure-flex do not actively seek to obtain or process sensitive data about our staff other
than those sources listed above and that which relates to remuneration. Sensitive data
communicated to Structure-flex by yourself regarding health matters will be maintained
under the strictness confidentiality and prevented from unauthorised access.
Any such sensitive data outside of these sources will only be obtained as a result of your
performance reviews, disclosures to the business or due to issues arising with your
employment.
Such information, if collected will only be retained by the business if it relates to ongoing
disciplinary or litigation obligations and shall be deleted upon end of employment in order
to protect your right to a private life as defined under Section 8 of the Human Rights Act.
Third Party Processing
Structure-flex have 3rd party relationships with authorised permissions to process and store
internal personal data. These are with organisations that assist and support Structure-flex in
the management of our services, financial affairs, pensions, HR guidance and the provision
of company vehicles.
Structure-flex have undertaken formal risk assessment of our supply chain and have entered
into GDPR compliant supplier relationships with all such parties to protect our personal data
holdings. We hold on file suitable due diligence information to verify and validate the
provision of data protection by our 3rd party processors and subject certain suppliers to our
internal controls to assist in maintaining a compliant supply chain.
Structure-flex do undertake or permit the international transfer of data outside of the UK or
European Economic Union.
Security
Structure-flex are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to
prevent unauthorised access or disclosure your information is stored electronically within
our internal IT network and protected by industry best practice encryption and firewall
technology.
We periodically review the security provisions and controls provided by our supply chain
and have Incident Management and Breach Procedures to use in the event of issues.
Personal Data Inventory
Our HR Process contains a Personal Data Inventory mechanism that enables us to:
- Map the data we hold for internal HR purposes
- Ensure its suitability and accuracy
- State our retention obligations
- Identify the sources from which the data will be obtained
- State the storage mechanisms used to retain such data and protect it from
unauthorised access or disclosure
Your Rights
Structure-flex takes very seriously the rights of individuals in relation to their personal data.
As such Structure-flex uses a standalone consent form to ensure that we do not rely on the
imbalance of an employment contract to obtain your personal data.
This form allows you to freely consent to the collection of data that relates to your
employment with Structure-flex and states clearly and specifically what:
- Personal data we need to collect
- How it will be processed
- How it will be managed
- What will be retained post-employment and for how long and;
- The mechanisms for its secure disposal to prevent retention
We're Proud To Supply
Twitter Feed
Tweets by @Structure_flex
Latest News
Cost-Effective Lorry Curtains for Clean Lines and Bold Designs
Structure-flex Help Broads’ Police Prevent Engine Thefts
Structure-flex Introduce Anglo-German Flood Defence
Structure-flex & Clarendon Offer Vehicle Operators ‘Wow-Factor’
Structure-flex & Clarendon Offer Vehicle Operators [...]
Special Projects
British Antarctic Survey Team Know Their Onions
At the beginning of the year a British Antarctic S [...]
Wananchi - Water Pure Enough to Drink
Water is such an essential element for life but it [...]
Revolutionary Goose Guards Help Broads Conservation
We've produced some PVC silt curtains thatar [...]
Spheres!
Making the Zorbs for Sphere Mania is an intric [...]
Contact Us
Please let us know how you found us
Google/Internet search engine
Recommendation
Product Label
Social Media
Trade Magazine / Editorial
Other
Send
Find Us
Structure-flex ltd
33 Holt Road
Cromer
Norfolk, NR27 9EB
Phone: 01263 863 100
Mail: enquiries@structure-flex.co.uk
Office Hours
Monday-Friday: 9am to 5pm
Saturday: Closed
Sunday: Closed
BSI Accreditations and Policies
QMS ISO 9001:2015
OHSAS ISO 45001:2018
Integrated Management System
Links
Commercial Transport
Tension Curtains
Smoothside
SlidaFlex
Rollover Sheets
Step Deck/Double Deck
Vehicle Wraps
Insulation
Security
Reflex
Poultry
Cab and Rear Door Graphics
Load Restraint Nets
Digital Print
Signage & Advertising
Banners
Internal Wall Wraps
Exhibitions & Events
Vehicle Graphics & Wraps
Building/Scaffold Wrap
Proof Test
Proof Load Testing
Lifeboat Testing
Gangway Testing
Open Top Tank
Moon Pool Test Bag
Bulk Packaging
Original Big Bag
Strap Bag
Ring Bag
Baffle Bag
System Eclipse
Pillow Tank
Open Top Tank
Downloads
Exhibition Catalogue
Lifeboat Test Bags
Original Big Bag
Proof Test Bags
Smoothside Curtains
System Eclipse
Tension Curtains
Policies
Privacy Policy
Data Privacy Policy
Job Applicant Data Protection
Cookie Policy