http://www.windshieldrepair.com/terms-and-conditions
$ Currency
€ Euro
£ Pound Sterling
$ US Dollar
(888) 799-3111
My Account
Register
Login
Wish List (0)
Shopping Cart
Checkout
Categories
Resin
Tools
Curing Lamps
Resupply Items
Accessories
Complete Repair Kits
Scratch Removal
Repair Service Info
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
Conditions of UseThis shopping cart is provided by US Windshield Repair to its valued customers so they may shop at their convenience with confidence on a secure site. Our full product line is shown with status and pricing. As much information possible is provided to help with purchase decisions.  Items are in-stock unless shown otherwise. We reserve the right to makes changes as necessary and without prior notice.ShippingPlease be sure to fully and correctly fill out your address information when registering, errors may cause delays in receiving your order and could result in additional shipping charges. Be sure to update your information in the event your address or contact information changes.We ship using UPS (United Parcel Service) and USPS (United States Postal Service) and FedEx.  They offer a wide range of service levels from regular ground to expedited service. Once an order is placed it is verified, processed and then shipped. This process is done within 24 hours unless there is a problem that requires resolution such as address verification or credit card issue.  INTERNATIONAL SHIPMENTS:  It is the customers responsibility to know the laws and regulations of their respective country regarding the importation of items and to obtain any licenses that may be required to import goods into their country.  Furthermore, any delays in shipments caused by the either the exporting or importing customs departments or carrier are beyond our control and not our responsibility.Every effort is made to assure that each order is complete and correct before is it shipped. Each shipment is packaged to assure it will arrive safely and intact. Should you receive an order that has been damaged or is missing items you must immediately notify the shipping carrier (UPS, USPS, FedEx).Return InfoNo returns are accepted without  RMA (return merchandise authorization), there is a link under the customer service section at the bottom of each page to request an RMA.  Products manufactured by Penrod and Sons come with a limited lifetime guarantee. Returned items will be repaired or replaced at our discretion.  Non damaged or non defective returned items will be subject to a re-stocking fee. Refunds or credit towards future purchases will be issued at our discretion. Privacy PolicyWe respect our customers privacy at all times and will not compromise it.   Any information gathered as a result of your shopping experience is never shared or sold.   Purchases made through our online store use secure encrypted servers so personal information and credit card details are protected.  Registering on our web site will enable you to receive periodic emails from us whenever new items are introduced, a sale or special event is planned or in the event of important industry news.  Those emails will only come from us and be clearly identified as such.