https://www.mkmplastics.com/privacy
The store will not work correctly in the case when cookies are disabled.
We use cookies to make your experience better. To comply with the new e-Privacy directive, we need to ask for your consent to set the cookies. Learn more.Allow Cookies
Home
Shop
Custom Production
About Us
FAQs
Blog
Contact Us
SearchSearch
Advanced Search Search You are here:
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
We are committed to protecting your privacy. We will only use the information that we collect in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998. We collect information about you for two reasons: firstly, to process your order and second, to provide you with the best possible service. We will not contact you after your order is concluded, apart from emailing a request to evaluate our services, or unless you have requested our newsletter in your account settings. You can revoke newsletter consents in your account settings or e-mail us at info@mkmplastics.com .
The type of information we will collect about you includes:
Your Name
Address
Delivery Address
Phone Number
E-mail Address
For the exhaustive list of cookies we collect see the List of cookies we collect section.
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services by seeking your opinion.
We may periodically send newsletters but only if this has been requested by online account holders.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
You can revoke newsletter consents in your account settings or e-mail us at info@mkmplastics.com
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties, unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so, apart from giving necessary information to our delivery and customer evaluation companies.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A maximum fee of £5 will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to info@mkmplastics.com
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
List of cookies we collect
The table below lists the cookies we collect and what information they store.
CookieNameDescription
Shopping Cart
FRONTEND, frontend_cid, _ga, _gat, wcsid, hblid, _oklv, _okdetect
Allows a visitor to utilise the shopping cart.
Allowance
SD_ALLOW_COOKIE
Indicates whether a visitor allows the use of cookies.
Google Analytics
_utma, _utmb, _utmc, _utmz, _utmx, _utmxx
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. Also cookies may be used to remarket products which may appear on 3rd party sites as advertisements. Cookies may also collect customer demographics when available. All the cookies collect information in an anonymous form only.
Other 3rd Party
PREF, YSC, VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE, test_cookie, session-id, session-id-time, ubid-acbuk
Third party cookies are set by third parties which can be tracking or marketing companies (e.g. advertising networks). These cookies get re-read during a visit on other sites if they do business with these companies as well. Retargeting is good example of an application.
Integration of the Trusted Shops Trustbadge
Following an order, the Trusted Shops Trustbadge is incorporated into this web page in order to display our Trusted Shops trustmark for buyers and the eventually collected reviews, as well as the Trusted Shops product offer.
In balancing the various interests, this serves to safeguard our legitimate prevailing interests in an optimised marketing of our offer. The trustbadge and the services advertised are an offer of Trusted Shops GmbH, Subbelrather Str. 15C, 50823 Köln.
Whenever a trustbadge is called up, the web server automatically stores a so-called server log file which contains, for example, your IP address, the date and time of retrieval, the data volume transferred and the requesting provider (access data), and documents the retrieval. This access data will not be evaluated and will be automatically overwritten seven days after your visit to the page.
Other personal information will only be transferred to Trusted Shops if you decide, after completing an order, to use Trusted Shops products or have already registered for their use. In this case, the contractual agreement between you and Trusted Shops applies.
We will never collect sensitive information about you without your explicit consent. The personal information which we hold will be held securely in accordance with our internal security policy. We may use technology to remarket products and to collect demographic behaviour. We also track the patterns of behaviour of visitors to our site. This technology collects information in an anonymous form only. We do not disclose any of your information to third parties. If you have any questions/comments/feedback/suggestions about privacy, you should e-mail us at info@mkmplastics.com.