https://www.osgtax.com/privacy-policy/
OSG Privacy Policy
We may occasionally send useful information to you by e-mail, including new services or promotions when they become available. Your name and address are used only for OSG offers and promotions; we do not release your name to any other parties. You may decline to receive any additional e-mails concerning new products and services by emailing webmaster@osgtax.com. OSG will promptly remove your name from the mailing list.
Security
osgtax.com utilizes Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology, which encrypts your personal and login information as it is transmitted over the Internet. OSG is committed to securing your personal information, and this technology is designed for use with secure Web servers. We operate under a strict set of privacy principles.
Personal Information
The only information this site obtains about individual visitors is information that is supplied voluntarily by visitors. In cases when the site may need personal information to provide visitors with services tailored especially for them, or to inform them about new features or services, visitors are asked explicitly for that information. All identifiable information provided by members (name, email or address) will not be disclosed to anyone unless members specifically request the site to do so. Only statistical information of our members as a group (usage habits, demographics) may be shared with any partner; no identifiable information will be shared at any time. We employ strict security measures to safeguard personal information.
The site allows its users to enter an email address so that a page of our site can be sent to that email address. We do not reuse it in any way. Other than the above, we do not send email to users unless a user specifically requests to receive email related to a specific message, topic, or the site in general. Our servers store the unique IP Address of all computers that interact with our servers. If requested, this number can be used to identify a computer that made a specific request.
How to Reach Us
If you ever feel uncertain about whether this site is following the privacy policy we have described here, please notify us by e-mail to webmaster@osgtax.com. We will make every reasonable effort to find and correct the problem promptly.
About Us OSG is the leading national provider of proven state and local tax solutions. We specialize in delivering integrated multi-state property tax and sales & use tax solutions.
Location 630 North Central Expressway
Suite A
Plano, Texas 75074
Phone: (214) 221-4200
Fax: (214) 221-4255
Scroll to top