http://www.acainternational.org/about/privacy-policy
Prev
Next
Privacy PolicyInformation regarding ACA's use of private information and site security.
ACA International (“ACA”) understands that your privacy is important.  ACA has established this “Privacy Policy” for any person using the website located at www.acainternational.org (“Website”), whether using the public portion of the Website that does not require you to provide any password information (“Publicly Accessible Portion”) or the private portion of the Website designated for ACA Members through a password protected login (“Member Protected Portion”) (collectively and interchangeably referred to as you or the “User”). By using the Website, you agree to be bound by the terms of this Privacy Policy.  This policy may be amended from time to time by ACA, which will be accessible on the Website.  You acknowledge and agree to any amendments made to this Privacy Policy by your continued use of the Website after such amendment has been made.Classification of Information – What We Collect ACA recognizes two types of information on our Website.    The first type of information includes information about the services that you use on the internet and how you use them, such as device-specific information, mobile network information, server log information, location information, unique applications numbers regarding your use of certain material; general information about your technology interface or preferences; information about the types of hardware used by Users; information about the websites you visit; your internet protocol (“IP”) address to measure website traffic and to help provide more personalized services; information regarding your browser and other technical specifications required to use both the Publicly Accessible Portion and Member Protected Portion; “Cookies,” which include small text files created by internet websites, that are stored in your computer either temporarily for that session only, or permanently on the hard disk, log files, web beacons or other identifiers created when you use the internet; and other website use information collected on an aggregate basis resulting from your use, but is specifically limited to the information gathered on the Website (“User Information”).  ACA treats User Information as non-personal because it does not contain personally identifiable information, such as name, address, phone number and email address, unless otherwise distinguished by local and/or federal law or ACA provides you the written option of sharing certain Personal Information.The second type of information includes personal information knowingly disclosed to ACA by you to help identify you, such as your name, telephone number, physical address, email address and where applicable, member login information, such as a username and password created by you (“Login Information”), and credit card numbers or billing information that is collected on an individual basis pursuant to your voluntary disclosure (“Personal Information”).  You can log into your user profile with your Login Information at any time to correct, amend or delete any Personal Information about yourself at any timeDisclosureIt is important to note that any information shared with others or publicly posted without security or privacy terms is no longer considered “confidential” through no fault of ACA (“Public Information”).  ACA is not responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of any Public Information.  You take sole responsibility for your disclosure and resulting Public Information.  This policy does not apply to Public Information.Third-Party ApplicationsOur Website may contain links to other websites, icons to various forms of social media or other third-party widgets (“Third-Party Applications”) and any interaction you have with the Third-Party Applications is governed by each third-party. ACA has no affiliation or control over the information shared on any Third-Party Application, including, but not limited to, their use of Cookies.    Use The Website collects certain User Information automatically and stores it in log files.  Our Website does not restrict the use of Cookies. You may have choices with regards to the management of cookies and web beacons on your computer.  All major browsers allow you to block or delete Cookies from your system.  You may choose to block or restrict Cookie use. However, Cookies allow you to take full advantage of some of the Website’s features. If you have any difficulty using the Website, please contact ACA through the contact information contained below. To learn more about your ability to manage Cookies and web beacons, please consult the privacy features in your browser. ACA, whether individually or through third-party analytic providers, uses Cookies obtained from User Information. As a result, our Website functionality may be impacted in response to do-not-track (“DNT”) signals. ACA generally, but not exclusively, uses Personal Information we receive to provide you with services and products requested by you, including, but not limited to: (1) contacting you in connection with your communication with ACA; (2) using your Personal Information to provide the services you request; (3) tracking information about your visits to our Website; (4) tracking your use of the Website to allow us to provide better service; (5) using certain online preferences in the aggregate across all users to evaluate the Website and develop additional products and services to offer; (6) sending or initiating direct marketing programs, such as newsletters or information about new products or services we are offering; (7) providing information about your usage or preferences to our third-party vendors and providers; and (8) other purposes necessary to carry out our obligations under this Privacy Policy. Similar to the User Information, the disabling of Cookies may impact the functionality of the Website.Ordering InformationWe take appropriate steps to protect the information you share with ACA from being seen or accessed by unauthorized users. When you order products or services from the Website, and you transmit your credit card number, your name, business location and credit card number are transmitted to us by way of a secure server. Only necessary ACA staff will have access to this form of Personal Information.In most ordering situations, you may also have ACA bill you by providing your member number. This way it will not be necessary for you to enter a credit card number if you do not wish to. A secure server is only used when the option of sending a credit card number is given.Limitations California Civil Code § 1798.83 permits users of our Website that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of Personal Information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.  To make such a request, please contact us via the contact information below.  We may share aggregated, User Information publicly and with our partners, like publishers, advertisers or connected websites, such as trends about the general use of our Website.We may share Personal Information with our subsidiaries, licensees, suppliers, distributors, affiliates, assigns, successors, servicers or other related entities (“Affiliates”) as necessary to complete any requests from you as the User; in connection with any products or services requested by you; or through the belief that access, use preservation or disclosure of the Personal and User Information is reasonably necessary to: meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request; enforce this Privacy Policy; investigate any potential violations; detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues; and protect against harm to ACA, users or the public as required or permitted by law.Security ACA follows generally accepted industry standards to protect User and Personal Information, including maintaining administrative, physical and technical safeguards, both during transmission and after receipt.  No method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure and ACA does not guarantee absolute security.  ACA works hard to protect your User and Personal Information from unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of Information, specifically, but not limited to: (1) ACA encrypts many of its services using SSL; (2) ACA reviews its information collection, storage and processing practices, including physical security measures, to guard against unauthorized access to systems; (3) ACA restricts access to Personal Information by its employees, contractors and agents who need to know that Personal Information in order to process it for us; and (4) when you provide Personal information, such information is transmitted by way of a secure server. However, email information is generally sent unsecured.Maintenance and Storage It is ACA’s policy to limit the storage of any User and Personal Information received via the Website.  Nothing in this Privacy Policy requires you to use the Website or provide Personal Information, but if you provide Personal Information in connection to services offered by ACA, ACA may store your Personal Information in connection with providing those services.   Contact Information If you have any questions or concerns pertaining to this Privacy Policy, please contact the ACA General Counsel, Issa Moe, at moe@acainternational.org.Updated 3/1/2019Loading...Loading...WHO WE AREMission StatementCollectors PledgeLeadershipWHAT WE DOMember BenefitsEducationAdvocacyLEARN MOREContact UsReportersAdvertiseMember Services(800) 269-1607Terms ofUsePrivacyPolicyLegalDisclaimerCode ofConductAccessibility &Usability© 2020 ACA International
This site uses cookies. By continuing to use our site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
Review our Privacy Policy for more information.
You may change your preferences on how cookies are stored by reviewing the settings on your browser.
Scroll to Top