http://www.cenlyt.com/legal-notices/index.asp
CENLYT Productions
Home
Website Design Services
Website Design
Website Graphics
Clients & Screen Shots
Shopping Cart Software - ASP/PHP
Website SEO
Website Forms
Website Hosting
Custom Logos & Graphics
Business Cards, Flyers & Brochures
Jewel Case Covers & Disk Labels
Display Ads
More...
Password Generator
Support & Downloads
FAQ
About Us
Legal Notices
Payment Center
Contact Us
Legal NoticesCENLYT Productions-ms designsProfessional Website Design Services Since 1999
LEGAL NOTICES
Copyright Notice
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Terms of Use
Copyright Notice
CENLYT Productions-ms designs, hereinafter "CENLYT", retains full and exclusive Copyrights on
all original work created by CENLYT. This includes,
but is not limited to graphics, text formatting, page layout and overall
design, HTML scripting, JavaScripts, and Style Sheet Formatting.
All Copyrighted work is protected by Federal Copyright Law and
International Treaties.
NO ORIGINAL WORK MAY BE USED, COPIED, SAVED, REPRODUCED OR
INFRINGED UPON UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES.
Additionally, in the case of a contracted design of any nature, CENLYT shall retain full and exclusive Copyrights on
all original work created by CENLYT until such time
the work has been paid for in full. This does not apply to designs which
are "templates" created by CENLYT. In
that event, the Copyright shall remain the exclusive property of CENLYT and appropriate Copyright notice MUST be provided on the
HOME/INDEX page of the site using the template design.
CENLYT reserves the right to display and link to your completed project as part of our portfolio and to write about the project, including
screenshots and sample imagery from the design, on websites, in magazine articles and in books.
Privacy Policy
Information obtained from purchases
Credit Card Information
Server Logs
Use Of Cookies
Use Of Web Beacons a.k.a Web Bugs
Posted Information
Protecting your Email Address
Links To Other Sites
Submissions by Email - Solicited and Unsolicited
Information from Social Networking (Facebook, Google+, Twitter, etc.)
Protecting Children's Privacy
Correct/Update Your Information
Contact Information
If you have any questions or complaints regarding our Privacy Policies,
please Contact Us.
CENLYT
PRIVACY POLICY
Information obtained from purchases
Your Name, Billing Address, Shipping Address, Items Ordered, and Billing
Total are kept by us, off-line, on file to process your order and as
required by law. Except for necessary transmission of information to process
your payment through PayPal, or create a shipping label with
the United States Postal Service (USPS), United Parcel Post (UPS) FedEX, or other shipper, at no time is any of this information
shared with anyone outside of CENLYT.
Credit Card Information
CENLYT processes all credit
cards through third party vendors, specifically PayPal. The use and storage of credit card information
is subject to the terms and conditions of the respective
processors. CENLYT does not process, store or record
credit card information. Payments processed through PayPal are subject to
PayPal's privacy policy .
Information obtained from Server Logs
Our Server Logs automatically collect specific information every time you
visit our site. This includes: Date and Time of visit, IP Address, Browser Type,
Operating Platform, duration of visit and Pages Viewed. The information is
logged both per-session and aggregate total. The per-session log includes all
the aforementioned information. It is kept in a password protected directory and
only accessible by CENLYT. It is not shared or made available to
the public. The aggregate information EXCEPT Date, Time and IP Address is kept indefinitely. The information about your
Browser type and Operating Platform is used so that we may keep the site compatible with
as many formats as possible. The Duration and Pages Viewed information is made
available to our advertisers for the purposes of establishing effectiveness and
costs for ads. NO PERSONAL, IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION IS MADE AVAILABLE FROM
THESE LOGS, INCLUDING YOUR IP ADDRESS.
Information obtained from "Cookies"
Cookies are text files used to obtain various amounts of information
depending on their programming. CENLYT
does not use cookies
to obtain personal, identifiable information. You do not have to have Cookies Enabled on your computer
to use CENLYT Site in itself. However, any services which requires
that you "Log On" and use a "password" do require that you
accept Cookies which provide identity confirmation. We do not have control over
or access to these Cookies or the information they obtain. (Please see the
Privacy Polices of the service providers.) Should you not accept these Cookies,
you may not be able to utilize any of these services. Additionally, sites which
link to or from class="namme Site may utilize Cookies. Again, we do not
have control over or access to these Cookies or the information they obtain.
Web Beacons
a.k.a Web Bugs
Web Beacons, also known as Web Bugs, are invisible images (usually 1 pixel by
1 pixel) placed on a web page to collect information similar to that gathered by banner advertisements, but users
cannot detect the presence of bugs without looking at the source code.
Information you request be posted with
CENLYT
Any information posted with CENLYT becomes public information and access to and use thereof is beyond our
control. This includes, but is not limited to, any Email address posted.
Protecting
Your Email Address
We do not give out Email addresses to anyone without your
consent. However, as there are programs which employ the use of "spiders" to search Web
Sites for Email addresses, for your security, when you post your Email address
to any Web site, we recommend that you use either
use an alternate Email address rather than your personal address, or enter the address in such a manner that it cannot be
automatically used by others, ie. username@yourdomain.REMOVE(net. com, etc.)
with a note telling users to delete the "REMOVE" from the
address. While this disables the option to Click On the address to send an
Email, it also drastically reduces your chances of having your Email address
added to a mailing list via the use of spiders. And since the majority of these
spiders are building mailing lists for Spamming purposes, losing the ability to
"click on" your Email address is a small price to pay to avoid Spam.
Links to Other Sites
Users should be aware that when you are visiting CENLYT, you could be directed to other sites that are beyond our control. There
are links to other sites from CENLYT that take you outside our
service. This
includes links from listings, advertisers, sponsors, partners and affiliates that may use
CENLYT logo or name as part of a co-branding agreement. While we
attempt to
inspect sites that are directly linked to CENLYT, CENLYT
cannot and will not be liable for the content of any site not
directly under the control of CENLYT nor will CENLYT
be
liable for for the use of any information obtained by these sites whether
through the use of Cookies or information which you voluntarily submit.
Emails - Solicited and Unsolicited
Due to the increase in Email related viruses and worms, CENLYT does not accept any unsolicited Emails with attachments nor Emails with
attachments with file extensions including, but not limited to: ".exe",  ".vbs",
".vbe", "js", "doc", "cfm", "htm or
html" or any other extension which can automatically engage or run a
plug-in, program or script or which is unfamiliar or known to contain or
potentially contain a virus or worm - They will automatically be returned. If
you would like to post information, the information must be contained in the
body of the Email. Thank
You.
Information from Social Networking (Facebook, Google+, Twitter, etc.)
With the increase in social network plug-ins, there is an increase in privacy concerns.
CENLYT does not utilize social network plug-ins and therefore does not gather any information about you through social network plug-ins
(These plug-ins provide you the opportunity to log on to a website via your
social network log on information). The "share" buttons on our site do not track
your web activities, but merely shares information about CENLYT on the
respective social network.
Protecting Children's Privacy
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For
that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website
from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is
structured to attract anyone under 13.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the
loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. All data is
protected using the most advanced methods available. We do not store financial
information like credit card numbers or personal information like social
security numbers on this site.
Correct/Update Your Info
This site gives users the following options for changing and
modifying information previously provided. You can also send an email to us by visiting Contact Us Page.
To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
Terms & Conditions
WEB HOSTING
All fees are in US Dollars
The annual fee for BASIC HOSTING PLAN* is $149.50 (*This applies to existing ReadyHosting accounts only). There is a one time, non-refundable
set up fee of $50.00. The annual Domain Name Registration fee is $25.00. Existing domains will have to continue to pay their current
registrar as per their Terms & Conditions. (Fees subject to change without
notice.)
NEW ACCOUNTS -
Upon receipt of the Sign Up form, an invoice will be sent via Email for the
for the first year hosting. Payments are due
immediately. For customers outside of the United States, payment MUST be in US
funds in a certifiable form - American Express Travelers Checks preferred. Once payment
is received, your Sign Up form will be processed.
RENEWALS -
Thirty days prior to your renewal, an invoice will be sent via Email. Payment
is due within 15 days of receipt on the invoice in the appropriate manner as
outlined above. If payment is not received by the renewal date, or returned for
any reason, the account will be suspended. In the event an account is suspended,
a reactivation fee of $50.00 will be charged and payable prior to reactivation.
CANCELLATION -
YOU MUST notify us 30 days in advance of cancelling a web hosting account. If the
account has been active longer than 30 days, there is no refund. Any account
which does not notify us 30 days in advance shall be liable for the follow
year's hosting fee. Send cancellation notices to
THIRD PARTY SERVICE ISSUES -
When acting on your behalf to resolve website issues not related to work done by CENLYT, e.g. dealing with a hosting company because your website
does not load, the standard hourly rate shall apply.
Added February 22, 2015
WEBSITE MAINTENANCE CONTRACTS -
Website maintenance contracts are available and are customized and priced to a customer's individual needs. The minimum contractual hours is 12.
The contract runs 12 months OR until the minimum contract hours are used, whichever occurs first. Hours beyond the maintenance contract
will be billed at the regular hourly rate in effect at the time. Payments for maintenance contracts are non-refundable.
In general, maintenance contracts cover/include:
maintenance and updates to website pages and operating scripts, and
maintenance and updates to website operating software such as Ecommerce Templates
all incidental work related to above, e.g. send/receive communications (email, phone, postal mail, etc.)
Maintenance contracts DO NOT cover:
maintenance or updates to servers, whether website, email or database hosting
maintenance or updates to databases
third party service issues
work outside the scope of the phrase "website maintenance contract" including, but not limited to: graphics work,
research, travel, related and unrelated expenses, e.g. software purchases.
Items NOT covered by the maintenace contract will be billed at the regular hourly rate in effect at the time.
WEB DESIGN
All fees are in US Dollars
DESIGN FEES -
As the demands of a website vary with the content, design, etc., fees are provided upon review of your project.
WHAT CENLYT WILL PROVIDE - IN
GENERAL -
Except for plain, straight text only pages using a visitor's default browser
setting, no web page can be compatible with every browser version or operating
system without extensive, and expensive, scripting. At CENLYT, we strive to be
compatible with as many browsers and platforms as possible. As such, each page
is formatted using HTML 5, English, and Cascading Style Sheet
format Version CSS3, the standards of which being set by the World Wide Web Consortium
(www.w3c.org
). Each page will
be tested in Internet Explorer, FireFox, Opera, Chrome and Safri, versions 8.X and above using
screen resolutions up to 1,280 pixels wide. Each page shall
dynamically adjust to these various screen resolutions except for browser
specific coding which is necessary for cross-compatibility. Customers are
reminded that, while every effort is made to provide uniform look and function,
not every design/page will display or operate the same in every browser and are
ultimately subject to the default browser settings of the visitor.
AND A FEW OTHERS THINGS WE PROVIDE - IN
GENERAL -
Each design includes on the standard META tags in the HEAD element including
Character Coding, Language, and Title. We also include those tags which help
facilitate your placement in search engines: Description, Robots and Revisit. We also include
Keywords tag, but this
currently is not recognized by most search engines.
When applicable, Content Rating tags, Web Accessibility Initiative and
Platform for Privacy Project (P3P) will also be included.
With each design, we include a break-out-of-frames script. This script
prevents your pages from being "trapped" inside a frames page. On
smaller designs, it is embedded: larger designs it's externally fed. Of course,
the script is not applied to pages that are to appear within a frame-set.
Upon completion of the design/web, we will do a one-time submission of your
site to major search engines. (This is only included with full designs, however,
submissions to search engines is available for an additional fee.)
For thirty calendar days after a design is completed, we will correct any
errors that are our fault at no charge. For seven calendar days after
maintenance is performed by us, we will correct any errors which are our fault
and which are directed related to the maintenance performed.
WHAT CENLYT WILL PROVIDE -
SPECIFICALLY... -
Important Note: Due to numerous factors/variables involved in designing a web
site, the following fees are a guideline only.
SINGLE PAGE DESIGN -
This cost provides for the design of one page  and
includes basic graphics (header, navigation and background),
embedded style sheet,
and
content - text or graphics. A single page design may not be duplicated or
used for multiple pages.
DESIGN ONLY - TEMPLATE PAGE - USER LICENSE -
This cost provides for a template design, without any
content, which you as the customer can use to make additional pages. The design
shall include basic graphics (header, navigation and background), and embedded style
sheet. Content shall be the
responsibility of the customer.
NOTE: Template designs do not include transfer of Copyright ownership of
original graphics, HTML, CSS or other elements created by CENLYT nor transfer of the Copyright of the template design. The Copyright
ownership of these elements shall remain the property of CENLYT.
DESIGN ONLY - PURCHASE LICENSE -
A design only where the customer is responsible to create all pages and content
with Copyright ownership of all original work created by CENLYT. The cost provides for a design which becomes the
property of the customer and is the sole responsibility of the customer once the
design is approved.
COMPLETE DESIGN AND BUILD -
An estimate will be provided.
CUSTOM AND COMPLICATED GRAPHICS -
Custom graphics work is charged on a per-hour or part-thereof basis.
The current rate is $90.00 per hour, with a minimum two hour charge. The minimum charge is due upon commencement
of work, with the balance due upon completion. Until such time that the
account is paid in full, CENLYT shall retain full
and exclusive Copyrights on all original work created by CENLYT.
SITE MAINTENANCE -
Site maintenance is charged per occurrence, including phone consultations. The
current fee is $90.00 per hour or part thereof. If there's no maintenance, or
consultation,
there's no charge.
SHOPPING CARTS
If you are operating an e-commerce site and want CENLYT to add products to your
shopping cart, the fee is $5.00-$15.00 per product depending on the complexity of the product information, i.e. number of images, product options,
cross linking. An additional fee of no less than $5.00/product shall apply for product SEO work.
GOOGLE PRODUCTS (formerly FROOGLE)
For those customers with e-commerce, it is beneficial to submit your
products to GOOGLE PRODUCTS, the on-line store offered by GOOGLE. For the creation of
the necessary XML file, CENLYT charges $5.00 per product plus $10.00 for the
upload. The upload fee will be waived when the XML files is created at the same
time as the shopping cart.
CONTENT RATING, WEB ACCESSIBILITY INITIATIVE AND PLATFORM
FOR PRIVACY PROJECT (P3P) TAGS -
If you want your site rated by either the Internet Content Rating Association (ICRA)
or SafeSurf.org, Bobby.org for the Web Accessibility Initiative, or made
compliant with the Platform for Privacy Project, a $30.00 for each rating is
charged. This includes having your site rated/tested, the appropriate tags
inserted, and requests submitted to the appropriate organization to have your
site placed on the "approved" list.
IMAGE SCANNING and DIGITAL PHOTOGRAPHY -
Additional images, whether scanned by us or provided by
you, are $10.00 each. Digital photography, including computer
time, is $60.00 per hour or part thereof. When travel is involved, it is
charged portal to portal plus mileage. A meal charge will be applied when
the travel involves over four hours.
CUSTOM SCRIPTS / ACTIVE SCRIPTING / SERVER SIDE SCRIPTING -
CENLYT can provide Customs Scripts, Active Scripting and
Server Side Scripting. This includes, but is not limited to Cold Fusion Markup (CFM),
PERL, Active Server Pages (ASP), and JavaScript. Fees for any of these scripts
is $90.00 per hour or part thereof, with a minimum two hour charge, and are fees
over and above the design fee. The minimum charge is due upon commencement
of work, with the balance due upon completion.
TUTORIALS -
For those customers who plan on doing their own maintenance, tutorials can be
provided upon request. Tutorials cover basic HTML and CSS rules as well as how
your specific site works and are plain text, type pages added to your web site
for your use. They are not considered part of the design. Tutorials are $250.00.
MISCELLANEOUS WORK -
For those items/services not specifically covered, the rate of $90.00 per hour
or part thereof will apply.
PAYMENTS -
A deposit of 50% of the estimate, or bid, whichever is greater, is due prior to the commencement of work. An invoice for the services rendered, less the initial payment, will be submitted to the client upon final approval by the client. If
approval or additional feedback has not been given within 5 days of receipt of deliverables, an invoice will be issued for any work
completed to date. Payment in full will be due within 14 days from the invoice date, unless prior arrangements have been made.
Unless otherwise noted, this estimate is not a fixed bid, and you will be billed according to the hours of work performed on your
behalf. If you wish to make changes outside of the scope of your estimate, you will be charged at the hourly rate specified on your
estimate. You will be required to put requests in writing so we can keep track of changes.
ALL PAYMENTS ARE TO BE MADE IN US DOLLARS WITHOUT EXCEPTION. Payments from
outside the United States must be made through our
Payment Center.
LATE PAYMENTS - Any account which is either 30 days or
more past the due date or 45 days or more past the billing date,
shall be deemed in default and, at CENLYT's discretion, be
either a) suspended until such time payment in full is received
including a $50.00 reactivation fee or b) have the site deleted
from the server until payment is made in full including a $50.00
re-installation fee. In the event it becomes necessary for
CENLYT to suspend or delete a website in default, CENLYT, its
agents and assigns, cannot be held liable for any damages either
to the customer or any third party. (See Liability below)
Additionally, any account which is past due shall forfeit any
and all discounts applied and subject to pay the entire amount
due. Further, any account which is past due shall not be
eligible for future discounts and will be required to pay for all future work, in full, in advance.
Confidentiality -
CENLYT, its agents and assigns, agrees to maintain the confidentiality of all documents and information that the client considers to be
confidential, secret, and/or proprietary, including but not limited to ideas, trade secrets, company information, employee data and
customer data, received or arising during the term this agreement. Confidential information of the client shall be used by CENLYT
only in connection with services rendered under this agreement.
Confidential Information does not include information that (1) is in or becomes in the public domain without violation of this
agreement, (2) is already rightfully in the possession of CENLYT, as evidenced by written documents, prior to the
disclosure to the client, or (3) is rightfully received from a third entity having no obligation to the client and without violation of this
agreement by CENLYT.
Upon termination of this agreement for any reason, CENLYT shall make no further use of such confidential information.
Liability -
CENLYT, its agents and assigns, cannot be liable to you or any third-party for damages, including lost profits or other incidental, consequential or
special damages arising out of the operation of or inability to operate any deliverables we have provided, even if you have advised
us of the possibilities of such damages.
If any provision of this agreement shall be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed
severable from this agreement and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.
You cannot transfer this contract to anyone else without our permission. This contract stays in place and need not be renewed. If for
some reason one part of this contract becomes invalid or unenforceable, the remaining parts of it remain in place.
Acceptance of this Estimate -
By accepting this estimate, the client authorizes CENLYT to render services at rate outlined in the estimate. Acceptance
of any agreement can be transmitted via e-mail, postal mail or fax.
Expiration -
Unless otherwise noted, your estimate expires 30 days after the date at the top of the document.
- DEFINITIONS -
as used here...
PAGE DEFINED -
As used here, a page is defined as one web page
that prints to nothing larger than two sheets of 8-1/2" x 11"
paper, a screen height of approximately 1,800 pixels.
BASIC GRAPHICS DEFINED -
As used here, "basic graphics" is limited to those graphics
used/created for a site's design, specifically: header, footer, on-site
navigation and background only. Basic graphics does not include any custom
graphics, graphics for external links or "link to us" graphics, or
logos created new. Images provided by the customer which have to be scanned,
modified or otherwise adjusted (excludes simple re-sizing) will be subject to
charge per image.
CONTENT DEFINED -
As used here, "content" includes text and/or graphics which are
specific to a page and not part of the over-all design or elements which are
used repeatedly which are not part of the design.
REGULAR PAGE -
As seen here - a HTML page containing design and content elements.
ACCESSIBLE PAGE / TEXT ONLY -
A HTML page of plain text, generally without any graphics, able to be read using
accessibility software/hardware such as a Braille Reader or Speech Synthesizer,
and which fully complies with the Web Accessibility Initiative as defined by the
World Wide Web Consortium.  These pages contain complete, independent
navigation and, are in essence, self contained from the regular pages.
Additionally, the "regular" page shall contain coding which alerts a
user's browser to the fact that a "text only" page is available.
PRINTER FRIENDLY VERSION PAGE -
A HTML page which contains ONLY the content of the regular page, with images
resized to accommodate printing. Printer Friendly pages ARE NOT independently navigable
and are designed to open in a New Window. This type of page is ideal if you have
directions, schedules, or other similar information a visitor may want to retain
in print form.
HTML -
Hyper-text markup language.
CSS -
Cascading Style Sheet.
- SUBMITTING CHANGES TO A SITE -
A minimum of one week notice is requested for making modifications to your
web site. For security reasons, our Email program does not accept attachments of
any sort. If you are submitting information, whether text or images, to be
added/edited to your site, this information MUST be contained in the body of the
Email.
- LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY -
Because of the numerous variables involved in the transmission and
presentation of information over the Internet, under no circumstances including, but not limited to,
negligence, shall CENLYT be liable for any special or consequential
damages that result from the use of, in inability to use, the content and
services of any web site, even if CENLYT has been has been advised of
the possibility of such damages. Applicable law may not allow the limitation or
exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above
limitation or exclusion may not apply to you. IN NO EVENT SHALL CENLYT TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ALL
DAMAGES, LOSSES, AND CAUSES OF ACTION (WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT [INCLUDING, BUT
NOT LIMITED TO, NEGLIGENCE], OR OTHERWISE) EXCEED THE AMOUNT PAID BY YOU, IF
ANY, FOR ACCESSING A WEB SITE.
- APPLICABLE JURISDICTION-
These terms shall be governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania. You agree that any action at law or in
equity arising out of or relating to these terms shall be filed only in the
state or federal courts located in Indiana and/or Allegheny County's,
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, United States, and you hereby consent and
submit to the personal jurisdiction of such courts for the purposes of
litigating any such action. If any provision of these terms shall be unlawful,
void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed void and shall not affect the validity and enforceability
of any remaining provisions. This is the entire agreement between us relating to
the subject matter herein and shall not be modified except in writing, signed by
both parties.
You cannot transfer this contract to anyone else without our permission. This contract stays in place and need not be renewed. If for
some reason one part of this contract becomes invalid or unenforceable, the remaining parts of it remain in place.
- ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS -
Your payment for services shall signify that you have read and accept these
Terms and Conditions as well as the Terms Of Service for Web Hosting,
incorporated herein by reference.
More Questions?
Contact Us.
Revised July 12, 2018
Terms of Use
Welcome to this Web site, which is owned and operated by CENLYT.
CENLYT maintains the Site as a service to its visitors, subject to the following terms and conditions concerning the use of the Site ("Terms of Use"). When you use the Site, you accept the Terms of Use; if you do not agree to the Terms of Use you may not use the Site.
CENLYT reserves the right to modify content on the Site and these Terms of Use periodically without prior notice.
Use of Content on the Site
You may view, download and print contents from the Site subject to the following conditions: (a) the content may be used solely for information purposes; and (b) the content may not be modified or altered in any way. You may not republish, distribute, prepare derivative works, or otherwise use the content other than as explicitly permitted herein.
You may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) of
CENLYT without the express written consent of
CENLYT. You may not use any meta tags or any other "hidden text" utilizing
CENLYT name or trademarks without the express written consent of
CENLYT. You may not use any CENLYT
logo or other proprietary graphic or trademark as part of the link without express written permission.
You do not acquire any ownership rights to any content in the Site. Any unauthorized use terminates the permission or license granted by
CENLYT.
Use of Site Contact Information
All Contact Information contained on this Site and any Site
controlled, operated and/or owned by us is provided for
the convenience of our visitors for the sole purpose of making
legitimate inquiries. No inquires shall contain software viruses, mass mailings, chain letters, or any form of
"spam." You may not use a false e-mail address, impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise mislead as to the origin of the information.
NO CONTACT INFORMATION, WHETHER POSTAL,
TELEPHONE, FAX OR EMAIL, MAY BE USED FOR ANY SOLICITATION PURPOSES,
PLACED ON ANY MAILING LIST OR USED FOR THE PURPOSE OF UNSOLICITED
EMAIL, a.k.a. SPAM. EMAIL HARVESTING ROBOTS/SPIDERS ARE PROHIBITED
FROM BEING USED ON THIS SITE. ALL VIOLATORS WILL BE PROSECUTED TO
THE FULLEST EXTENT AS PROVIDED FOR BY LAW. WE CHARGE $500.00 PER OCCURRENCE
FOR UNAUTHORIZED POSSESSION AND/OR USE OF OUR CONTACT INFORMATION.
Reviews, Comments, Communications, And Other Content
You may submit comments and provide other content so long as the content is not obscene, illegal, threatening, or defamatory and so long as the content does not invade the privacy or infringe the intellectual property of a third party. Further, such content may not contain software viruses, mass mailings, chain letters, or any form of "spam." You may not use a false e-mail address, impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise mislead as to the origin of the information.
By submitting information, you grant CENLYT
a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable and fully
sub-licensable right to reproduce, use, modify, publish, adapt, translate, create derivative works from, distribute and display such content throughout the world in any media. By submitting information you also represent and warrant that that the content is accurate; you own or have permission to use the content that you submit; and that use of the content will not cause injury to any person or entity.
Copyright Information
The Site and the content within the Site are the property of CENLYT
or its contributors and are protected by United States copyright laws and international treaty provisions. The compilation, organization and display of the content as well as all software and inventions used on and in connection with this Site are the exclusive property of
CENLYT. CENLYT reserves all rights in the Site and its content not specifically granted in any agreements with
CENLYT or in the Terms of Use.
Copyright Complaints
CENLYT respects the intellectual property of others. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please follow our
Notice and Procedure for Making Claims of Copyright
Infringement.
Trademark Information
CENLYT marks, graphics, logos, page headers, button icons, scripts noted on the Site are
CENLYT service marks, trademarks and trade dress and are the sole and exclusive property of
CENLYT. CENLYT service marks, trademarks and trade dress may not be used in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among
visitors, in any manner that disparages or discredits CENLYT
and in connection with any service or product that is not sponsored, endorsed or produced by
CENLYT. All other trademarks not owned by CENLYT
or its contributors that appear on this site are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with, connected to, or sponsored by
CENLYT or its contributors.
Privacy Statements
Because we respect your right to privacy, we have developed a Privacy Statement to inform you about our privacy practices.
You are encouraged to review our Privacy Policy anytime.
Third Party Web Sites and Information
The Site may provide hyperlinks to third party Web sites or access to third party content.
CENLYT does not control, endorse, or guarantee content found in such sites. You agree that
CENLYT is not responsible for any content, associated links, resources, or services associated with a third party site. You further agree that
CENLYT shall not be liable for any loss or damage of any sort associated with your use of third party content. Links and access to these sites are provided for your convenience only.
Disclaimer
EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY STATED IN AN AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU AND CENLYT, ALL CONTENT, SERVICES, PRODUCTS AND SOFTWARE PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED.
CENLYT AND ITS CONTRIBUTORS AND LICENSORS DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THOSE OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NON-INFRINGEMENT. YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR THE APPROPRIATENESS OF THE SITE, ITS CONTENT, AND THE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES OFFERED BY
CENLYT ON THE SITE FOR YOUR INTENDED APPLICATION AND USE.
CENLYT DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE SITE, ITS CONTENT, OR THE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES IT OFFERS ON THE SITE MEET YOUR
REQUIREMENTS OR ARE FREE FROM DEFECTS, ERRORS OR VIRUSES. SUBJECT TO THE TERMS OF ANY AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU AND
CENLYT, CENLYT, ITS CONTRIBUTORS AND LICENSORS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, EVEN IF
CENLYT, ITS CONTRIBUTORS OR LICENSORS HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. CERTAIN STATE LAWS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY TO YOU, SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS, OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, AND YOU MIGHT HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS.
Indemnity
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless CENLYT, employees, attorneys and agents ("Indemnitees") against all claims, expenses, liabilities, losses, costs and damages, including reasonable attorney's fees, that the Indemnitees may incur (i) in connection with your use of the Site or any hyperlinked Web site or (ii) resulting from content you supply.
Applicable Laws
All matters relating to your access to and use of the Site shall be governed by U.S. federal law or the laws of the
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. Any legal action or proceeding relating to your access to or use of the Site shall be instituted in
the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania or a federal court located in the Commonwealth
of Pennsylvania.
If there is a determination that any provision of these Terms of Use is invalid or unenforceable, that determination will not affect the rest of the Terms of Use and the Terms of Use shall be deemed amended to the minimum extent necessary to make them valid and enforceable.
Contact Information
If you have any questions regarding these Terms of Use, please
contact CENLYT Productions-ms
designs.
NOTICE AND PROCEDURE FOR MAKING CLAIMS OF COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT PURSUANT TO THE DIGITAL MILLENNIUM COPYRIGHT ACT
If you believe that you hold a claim of copyright infringement against
CENLYT, submit notice of your claim to the following Designated Agent:
Service Provider: CENLYT productions-ms designs.
Designated Agent:  Webmaster
Address to Which Notification Should Be Sent:
422 Point Street
Saltsburg, Pennsylvania 15681
Telephone Number: 1-724-639-3957
E-mail:
To be effective, the notification of your claim of copyright infringement should be written and should include the following:
1. A statement that you are the owner of the exclusive right you claim has been infringed, or a statement that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that has allegedly been infringed.
2. A statement, under penalty of perjury, that the information in the notification is accurate.
3. Your signature. (The signature may be either physical or electronic.)
4. The identification of the copyrighted work you claim has been infringed. (If you claim that multiple copyrighted works have been infringed you can submit one notification with a list of the allegedly infringed works.)
5. Identification of the material that you claim to be infringing and information reasonably sufficient to permit
CENLYT Productions-ms designs to locate the material.
6. Information reasonably sufficient to permit CENLYT Productions-ms designs
to contact you, including your address, telephone number, fax number and, if available, an electronic mail address. You can provide contact information for the owner of the exclusive right that you claim has been infringed if you are not the owner, but rather authorized to act on behalf of the owner.
7. A statement you have a good-faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
CENLYT Productions-ms designsSolutions that REACH MORE PEOPLE!™