http://www.exporters.sg/info/privacy_statement.asp
Join Now
Sign In
For Buyers
Get Quotations
View Orders
Browse Categories
Buyers Guide
For Sellers
Sell Products
Find Buyers
View Orders
Sellers Guide
Featured Products
Upgrade Membership
Buyers
Sellers
Get Quotations
View Orders
Browse Categories
Buyers Guide
Sell Products
Find Buyers
View Orders
Sellers Guide
Featured Products
Upgrade Membership
Products
Members
Buying Leads
Search...
Categories
Get Quotes
Building & Construction
Chemicals
Computers
Electrical
Electronics
Energy
Fashion
Food & Beverages
Health & Beauty
Industrial Equipment & Supplies
Metals
Minerals
See All Categories
Privacy Statement
Exporters.SG is a business-to-business marketplace used by businesses to facilitate business transactions, and generally does not involved in the collection of personal information of
individuals.
Exporters.SG is committed to protect your
privacy. The following information tells you about our privacy policy and how
we make use of the information collected from you.
Our Privacy Statement covers the following areas:
Information Collection & Use
Information Sharing & Disclosures
How You Can Choose To Opt
Out
How We Use Log Files
What Is Cookies And How
We Use It
About Links to Other Sites
Sending Messages Using Inbox/Discussion Boards/Chat Rooms
Security Of Your Personal Information
Business Transitions
Changes in this Privacy Statement
Contact Us
Information Collection & Use
Membership Application
In order to be a member of Exporters.SG, you must first complete the
membership application form. During application, you are required to give
contact information (such as name and email address). We use this information
to contact you about the services on our site in which you have expressed
interest. As a member, you will received regular email newsletters. In addition, you will also received email
announcements on our service updates.UNET Global Solutions Pte Ltd is the sole owner of the information collected
on Exporters.SG. UNET Global Solutions Pte Ltd collects personally
identifiable information from our users at several different points on
Exporters.SG.OrdersIf you purchase a product or service from us, we request certain personally
identifiable information from you on our order form. You must provide contact
information (such as name, email, and shipping address) and financial
information (such as credit card number, expiration date). We use this information for billing purposes and to fill your orders. If we
have trouble processing an order, we will use this information to contact you.
SurveysWe may provide you the opportunity to participate in contests or surveys on
our site. If you participate, we will request certain personally identifiable
information from you. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely
voluntary and you therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose this
information. The requested information typically includes contact information
(such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip
code).ReferralsIf you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about
Exporters.SG, we will ask you for your friend’s name and email address. We
will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to
visit the site. UNET Global Solutions Pte Ltd stores this information for the
sole purpose of sending this one-time email and tracking the success of our
referral program.NewslettersIf you wish to subscribe to our newsletter(s), we will use your name and email
address to send the newsletter to you. All our newsletters provide a way to unsubscribe. Please see How You Can Choose To Opt
Out.Service-related AnnouncementsWe will send you strictly service-related announcements on rare occasions
when it is necessary to do so. For instance, if our service is temporarily
suspended for maintenance, we might send you an email. Generally, you may not
opt-out of these communications, which are not promotional in nature. If you
do not wish to receive them, you have the option to deactivate your account.
Please see  How You Can Choose To Opt
Out.Member SupportBased upon the personally identifiable information you provide us, we will
send you a welcoming email containing your username and password. We will also
communicate with you in response to your inquiries, to provide the services
you request, and to manage your account.Profile We store information that we collect through cookies, log files to create a
"profile" of your preferences. We tie your personally identifiable information
to information in the profile, in order to improve the content of the
Exporters.SG for you.
Back
to Top
Information Sharing & Disclosures
Aggregate Information (non-personally
identifiable)We share aggregated demographic information about our user base with our
partners and advertisers. This information does not identify individual users.
We do not link aggregate user data with personally identifiable information.
Personally identifiable information
We do share your company information that is
publicly available like company name, company address, business description
and contact information with trade promoting organisations and among members. The purpose of sharing
these information is to give a better exposures for our members.
When you contact other members through Exporters.SG, they will be able to see your profile and contact information.
In addition, if you visit a profile page or product page of other members, your visit and contact information may be communicated to these members.
Service Providers
Payment ProcessingWe use these online payment processing companies (WorldPay Ltd) to bill you for
goods and services. These companies do not retain, share, store or use
personally identifiable information for any other purposes.
Member Authentication and VerificationWe use other third parties to provide authentication and verification of
members on our site. When you sign up for
Member Authentication and Verification
service, we will share information on your company name, address and contact
information as necessary for the third party to provide this service.
Legal Disclaimer
We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information
as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect
our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal
process served on Exporters.SG.
Back
to Top
How You Can Choose To Opt Out
If you no longer wish to receive our newsletter
and promotional communications, you may opt-out of receiving them by following
the instructions included in each newsletter communication,
cancel your account under your account settings or
contact
us.
Back
to Top
How We Use Log Files
As is true of most Web sites, we gather certain
information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes
internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP),
referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data.
We use this information, which does not
identify individual users, to analyze trends, to administer the site, to track
users' movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our
user base as a whole.
IP addresses are tied to personally
identifiable information so that we can provide this information to
third-parties in case of fraud and crime.
Back
to Top
What Is Cookies And How We Use It
A cookie is a small text file that is stored on
a user's computer for record-keeping purposes. We use cookies on this site. We
do link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable
information you submit while on our site.
We use both session ID cookies and/or
persistent cookies. We use session cookies to make it easier for you to navigate
our site. A session ID cookie expires when you close your browser.
We use persistent cookie when you want
Exporters.SG to remember your email address for your log in. A persistent
cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time. You can remove
persistent cookies by following directions provided in your Internet browser's
'help' content.
We also use third party cookies and technologies similar to cookies:
Google Analytics to help us understand how visitors use our site and marketing our services. You can choose to opt-out here.
Google Ads to help us serve more relevant ads to our visitors. You can opt out at Google Ads Settings page.
For more information about targeting and advertising cookies and how you can opt out,
you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s opt-out page,
Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page, or
http://www.youronlinechoices.com/.
Back
to Top
About Links to Other Sites
Exporters.SG contains links to other sites
that are not owned or controlled by UNET Global Solutions Pte Ltd. Please be
aware that we, UNET Global Solutions Pte Ltd, are not responsible for the
privacy practices of such other sites.
We encourage you to be aware when you leave our
site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects
personally identifiable information.
This privacy statement applies only to
information collected by Exporters.SG.
Back
to Top
Sending Messages Using Inbox/Discussion Boards/Chat Rooms
If you send messages to other members using your inbox, a discussion board or chat room on
Exporters.SG, you should be aware that any personally identifiable
information you submit there can be read, collected, or used by other users, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. We are not
responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit using these communication tools.
Back
to Top
Security Of Your Personal Information
The security of your personal information is
important to us. When you enter sensitive information (such as credit card
number) on our order forms, we encrypt that information using secure socket
layer technology (SSL).
We follow generally accepted industry standards
to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission
and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method
of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, while we strive to
use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we
cannot guarantee its absolute security.
If you have any questions about security on our
Web site, you can
contact
us.
Back
to Top
Business Transitions
In the event UNET Global Solutions Pte Ltd goes
through a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition by another company,
or sale of all or a portion of its assets, your personally identifiable
information will likely be among the assets transferred. You will be notified
via prominent notice on Exporters.SG of any such change in ownership or
control of your personal information.
Back
to Top
Changes in this Privacy Statement
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we
will post those changes to this privacy statement, the homepage, and other
places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect,
how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
We reserve the right to modify this privacy
statement at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material
changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a
notice on our home page.
Back
to Top
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please
contact
us.
Back
to Top
PREMIUM MEMBERSHIPS
Exporters Plus
Exporters Premium
ADVERTISE
Banner Ads
Featured Products
HELP
FAQs
Safe Trading Center
Terms of Service
Privacy Statement
CATEGORIES
Products
Members
Buying Leads
ABOUT
About Us
Testimonials
Contact Us
DOWNLOAD APP
(S02)
Copyright © 1998-2020 Powered by
UNET Global Solutions Pte Ltd.
All rights reserved.
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
Read More.
X