http://www.dwfritz.com/legal/cookie-policy/
Cookies Policy
Background
This notice describes how DWFritz Automation, our partners and our third parties use Cookies. This notice also covers DWFritz Automation’s use of Cookies that may be used in connection with our website. In some cases, we may use Cookies to collect information that is personally identifiable, or that can become personally identifiable if we combine it with other information. In such cases, our Privacy Policy will apply in addition to this notice.
What are Cookies?
Cookies are files that are downloaded to your computer when you access certain web pages. Cookies allow a web page to, among other things, store and retrieve information about the browsing habits of a user or their equipment and, depending on the information they contain and the way they use their equipment, can be used to remember a user. Cookies are only associated with an anonymous user and their computer or device and do not provide references that allow accessing their personal data.
Cookies Affected by Regulations and Exempt Cookies
In accordance to EU directive, Cookies that require informed consent by the user are analytical, advertising and affiliation Cookies, except those of a technical nature and those necessary for the operation of the website or the provision of services expressly demanded by the user.
Types of Cookies
Depending on the purpose for which the information they collect, Cookies are categorized as follows:
Technical Cookies – Necessary for the use of the website and the provisions of the contracted service.
Personalization Cookies – Allows the User to access the service with predefined features, such as language, browser type, regional configuration.
Analysis Cookies – Information collected on the activities carried out through the website.
Advertising Cookies – Collects information about preferences and personal choices of Users.
Affiliate Cookies – Allow tracking of incoming visits from other affiliate websites.
Types of Cookies Used by This Website
The Cookies used on our website are session and third-party Cookies, which allow us to store and access information related to the language, browser used, and other general characteristics predefined by the User, as well as tracking and analyzing the activity carried out to provide improved, personalized services. The Cookies used have, in any case, a temporary nature, with the sole purpose of making browsing more efficient. In no case do these Cookies provide by themselves personal data and are not used for the collection of aforementioned data.
How Does DWFritz Automation Use Information Captured by Cookies
Facilitating user navigation and access to the different services offered by this website.
Avoiding users having to configure predefined general characteristics each time they access the website.
Granting improvements of the functions and the services provided through this website, resulting from the analysis of the information obtained through the installed Cookies.
Analyzing visiting patterns to improve our website.
Helping users obtain information they are seeking.
When accessing our website, you will be informed that if you continue browsing, several third-party Cookies will be installed, thus allowing the installation of certain Cookies that will have the sole purpose of registering access to our website for the compilation of anonymous statistics about visits. It is not mandatory to accept the installation of these Cookies; you can browse through our website regardless.
If you register on one of our web pages (example, to download a case study) by providing us with personal information, we may associate this with information provided by Cookies and use this combined data for marketing and analytics purposes.
Revocation
At any time, you can access the configuration of your browser to accept or reject all Cookies, or only select those you would like to permit. Depending on the browser you use, you can follow the procedures at the following links.
Google Chrome: https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647
Microsoft Internet Explorer: https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies
Mozilla Firefox: https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-Cookies-website-preferences
Safari: https://support.apple.com/guide/safari/manage-cookies-and-website-data-sfri11471/mac
Opera: https://help.opera.com/en/latest/web-preferences/#cookies
These browsers are subject to updates or modifications, so we cannot guarantee that they comply fully with your browser version. It may also be that you use another browser not included in these links such as Konqueror, Arora, Flock, etc. To avoid these mismatches, you can access the Cookies configuration directly from the options of your browser, usually in the “Options” menu in the “Privacy” section. (Please see the help of your browser for more information).
Deactivation/Activation and Elimination of Cookies
The restriction or deactivation of Cookies is usually made through the browser settings. If you do not want websites to place any Cookies on your computer, you can change your browser settings so that you are notified before any Cookies that are placed. Similarly, you can change the browser configuration to reject either all Cookies or only third-party Cookies. You can also delete any of the Cookies that are already on the computer. Keep in mind that you will have to change the configuration of each browser and equipment you use separately.
Please note that if you choose not to receive Cookies, we can no longer guarantee that our website will work properly. Some site features may be lost and you may no longer be able to see certain websites. While our website does not source advertisements, rejecting Cookies does not mean that you are not going to see advertisements. These advertisements may or may not fit our requirements.
To disable Cookies on your mobile phone, check the device manual for more information. You can also get more information about Cookies on the following Internet website: https://www.aboutCookies.org.
Taking into account the way in which the Internet and websites work, we do not always have information on the Cookies placed by third parties through our website. This especially applies to cases in which our website contains what are commonly called integrated elements: texts, documents, images or short films that are stored elsewhere, but are displayed on our website or through it.
Therefore, if you encounter this type of Cookies on this website and which are not listed in the above list, please inform us. Or, contact the third party directly to request information about the Cookies they may place, the purpose and duration of the cookie, and how they guaranteed your privacy.
Privacy
At DWFritz Automation, we are committed to your privacy. For more information about our approach, see our Privacy Policy.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions about how DWFritz Automation uses Cookies, feel free to contact us at the mailing address below or through the contact form at the bottom of the page:
DWFritz AutomationATTN: Marketing Dept. (Cookie Policy)9600 SW Boeckman Rd., Wilsonville, OR 97070USA
Contact Us
With manufacturing facilities located in the U.S. and China, DWFritz provides exceptional global support services.