http://www.payrollnetwork.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy PolicyWe do not sell or rent your personal information to third parties for marketing purposes…ever! We view protection of users’ privacy as a very important principle. We understand clearly that you and your information are one of your most important assets. We store and process your information on computers located in the United States that are protected by physical as well as technological security devices. If you object to your information being transferred or used in this way please do not use our services. Occasionally, we may contact you with product updates or special offers that may interest you.
EU-US Privacy Shield Framework
Payroll Network complies with the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework, as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from European Union member countries.
Payroll Network has certified that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles of Notice, Choice, Accountability for Onward Transfer, Security, Data Integrity and Purpose Limitation, Access, and Recourse, Enforcement and Liability. If there is any conflict between the policies in this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern.
To learn more about the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework, and to view Payroll Network’s certification, please visit: https://www.privacyshield.gov/
As part of our commitment to the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework, Payroll Network:
recognize the right for a data subject to access information held
recognize the right of a data subject to request independent dispute resolution via an EU Data Protection Authority (DPA)
recognize the right of a data subject to invoke binding arbitration for resolution of complaints via the Privacy Shield panel
disclose we are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) or any other suitably authorized US statutory body (including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements) or public authority
disclose that data subject data may be provided to third parties for localized payroll processing expertise
retain full liability in cases of onward data transfer to third parties as detailed above
Choices and means
If you are an EEA Payroll Network Website Visitor or EEA Business Contact, if at any time after registering for information, your personal data changes, you change your mind about receiving information from us, wish to cancel your account or request that Payroll Network no longer use your information to provide you services, contact us via the contact information in the “Contact Us” section below. You may choose to unsubscribe from our marketing communications by following the instructions or unsubscribe mechanism in the message you received. We will retain and use your information for as long as needed to provide you services, comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements.
Payroll Network may also process your Personal Data in accordance with the contractual agreements in place with our customers. Individuals who would like to request that their personal data not be used for specific purposes or disclosed should contact their employer (the data controller).
Policy Changes
Payroll Network reserve the right to the amendment or update of this policy at any time to take into account both legislative changes and incorporation of enhanced working practices. The revised policy shall be posted on our website for you to access and review.
We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy to ensure you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it and how we protect your data.
Contact Us
In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, Payroll Network commits to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal information. Payroll Network has a dedicated Information Security Officer. If you believe your services have not been delivered in a manner consistent with this policy or you have questions or requests regarding this Privacy Policy contact Payroll Network at:
Information Security Officer
Payroll Network
2092 Gaither Road
Rockville, MD 20850
301-339-6000
Questions or Complaints
You can direct any questions or complaints about the use or disclosure of your Personal Data to us as noted above (Contact Us). We will investigate and attempt to resolve any complaints or disputes regarding the use or disclosure of your Personal Data within 45 days of receiving your complaint
Go to Top