http://www.programmersparadise.com/site/content/privacy-security
Privacy & Security
You are currently browsing a TechXtend Web site. TechXtend is strongly committed to protecting the privacy of our customers and we are providing this statement as an explanation of online procedures we employ which may be of concern to our shoppers. We are proud to represent ourselves as a strictly professional company and reassure you that your confidentiality is fully respected at all times.
In order to shop with TechXtend you must register for an online account. Registration requires you to provide us with information such as your name, e-mail and mailing address. Additionally, our Web server automatically collects general information relating to site usage that we use to rank our performance and to help us improve our site for you as a consumer. The information you give us is retained in our secure database until the next time you log in and will never be used for any other means without notifying you in advance.
TechXtend employs the use of cookies to benefit our shoppers. These cookies cannot collect personally identifiable information and are in no way an intrusion of your privacy. We do not have the ability to interpret your domain, screen name, e-mail address or any other information that could potentially be considered confidential. The only personal information we have the ability to gather is that which you specifically and knowingly provide during your online sessions.
Any general data we collect is written to a small file on your local drive. Upon future visits, our server can recognize the data in this file so that we may offer you special pricing based on your preferences, previous selections and past browsing history! Cookies will also allow us to know exactly who you are the next time you return so that you will not have to re-register or go through the log in process again. We hope you can see how the cookies we use are beneficial to our shoppers.
If after reading the above explanation you are still not comfortable with this technology, please be advised that you have the ability to turn cookies off in your browser preferences at any time. Just keep in mind that by doing so you may be missing out on some of our best offers.
TechXtend periodically sends out product catalogs and e-mail promotions. Inclusion on our mailing lists is entirely optional. Our current list is composed of addresses submitted by shoppers who have expressed interest via our Web site, telephone contacts, surveys or e-mail requests. We dislike SPAM and junk mail as much as you do and never send unsolicited communications. If at any time you would like to be removed from our lists, you may do so using any of the removal methods below.
To be taken off of our e-mail lists or indicate other mailing preferences:
Click here to opt-out from our mailing lists
E-mail us at: list@techxtend.com
Mail us at: 4 Industrial Way West, Suite 300
Eatontown, NJ 07724
Secure Transactions
Secure pages on the TechXtend web site include, but are not limited to, all pages requiring the submission of personal account information, names, addresses, telephone numbers, credit cards and/or passwords. All of our pages reside on a Secure Server with data encryption.
If you are using a secure browser, any information submitted through a secure page will be encrypted before transmission. You may want to download the latest versions of your browsers as they support 128-bit encryption technology — or higher — to provide you with the highest standard of security available on the web today.
To help you identify secure pages throughout our site, depending on the browser you are using, there is a padlock symbol (see image at left) to the right of the web address bar. If this is not visible, then the page is not secure. There may be some differences between browsers as to where this secure icon shows, so please review your browser instructions for specific information.
At TechXtend we have such confidence in the security of our sites, we even provide our customers with a Safe Shopping Guarantee for reassurance!
Safe Shopping Guarantee
Your security is very important to us. Therefore, at TechXtend we take every precaution to ensure the security of all transactions. Our web site is registered with VeriSign's Secure Server IDs, which verifies the authenticity of our site and encrypts any data that is transmitted. You can confirm this security by looking for the lock or key at the bottom of your Internet browser. If the lock is closed or the key is not broken, your transaction is being encrypted and submitted securely.
If you should experience fraudulent use of your credit card (through no fault of your own) as a result of shopping via our Secure Server:
Immediately notify your credit card company in accordance with their reporting rules and procedures. Most credit card companies will either cover all of the fraudulent purchases or hold you liable for up to $50, which is the maximum by law under the Fair Credit Billing Act.
Your credit card company holds you liable for a portion of the unauthorized charges, TechXtend will reimburse you for the remaining liability up to a maximum of $50.
This is our commitment to you that we stand behind the transaction security we provide.
Your session will end in
Ok
Techxtend
Please Wait...
Information
...
Close