https://www.comforcehealth.com/privacy-notice/
Privacy NoticeIntroductionACS Solutions is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. Accordingly, we have developed this Privacy Notice for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate, disclose, and make use of personal data through our website.The terms “we,” “us,” and “our” refer to ACS Solutions and its affiliates (the “Company”).The term “Site” refers to www.acsicorp.com.The terms “user,” “you,” and “your” refers to Site visitors, candidates and any other users of the Site.Use of the Site, including all information presented herein and all online services provided by the Company, is subject to this Privacy Notice. ACS Solutions is committed to protecting and respectingACS Solutions is a premier provider of IT Consulting, Engineering Consulting, Healthcare, Talent, and Workforce Management Solutions to Fortune 1000 companies globally. ACS Solutions offers recruitment services for contract or temporary workers.Who does this Privacy Notice protect?This Privacy Notice applies to all Site visitors, candidates, and all other users of the Site. By using the Site or any of it services, you agree to this Privacy Notice, without modification, and acknowledge reading it.What information do we collect?When you use or register with the Site, some of the data that we collect and receive from you is personal data, which means that it is information that could personally identify you (“Personal Data”).The categories of Personal Data we may request include your name and contact information (email address,address, and telephone number). Depending on the nature of your inquiry or activities on the Site,we may also ask for your job search criteria and preferences, your employment experience, educational history,your skills in various areas, reference information, background information, and other information contained in your resume, and any login ID and password created by you. It is also possible to upload your resume/CV,cover letters, and any other attachments you may wish us to consider.The Site also utilizes functional cookies to track your online activities, including, but not limited to, registration,submissions, information requests and for analytic purposes.The Company currently does not recognize and respond to Do Not Track Signals. If we do so in the future,we will revise this Privacy Notice to describe how this is doneWhy do we process your Personal Data?we use your Personal Data for our business and activities, and in our efforts to expand and improve our business.Generally, we use Personal Data and other data collected through the Site to register you with the Site,to provide you with information regarding employment opportunities and career-related information, and to otherwise provide you with requested information or services.We may also from time to time use your Personal Data to send you automated email messages regarding our services, including employment information. You have the right to ask us not to process your Personal Data for marketing purposes and can opt out of receiving such email messages by sending an email with this request to optout@acsicorp.com from each e-mail account that you would like to opt-out from.With whom do we share your Personal Data?The Company may disclose Personal Data to third parties. The disclosure to third parties would occur in the following circumstances:We will disclose information to our clients when necessary and appropriate in connection with the provision of staffing and recruitment services.We may disclose information to companies and individuals we employ to perform business functions and services on our behalf.We may disclose information to the extent necessary or appropriate to government agencies, advisors, and other third parties in order to comply with applicable laws, the service of legal process, or if we reasonably believe that such action is necessary to: (a) comply with the law requiring such disclosure; (b) protect the rights or property of the Company; (c) prevent a crime or protect national security’ or (d) protect the personal safety of the users or the public.What rights do you have?We respect your right to review and request changes to your Personal Data. The amount of Personal Data you are required to provide when requesting our services is consistent with the Company’s interests in providing our services to you. The Company complies with applicable data protection laws and regulations.We process Personal Data about you for the purposes set out in this Privacy Notice, including but not limited to providing recruitment, placement, employment or outsourcing services; operating our business; complying with our legal and contractual obligations; and fulfilling other legitimate interests of the Company.Changes to this Privacy NoticeWe reserve the right to update this Privacy Notice periodically to reflect changes in our privacy practices and legal updates. Any changes we may make to our Privacy Notice in the future will be posted on this page and are immediately binding without any requirement for notice.How to contact us?If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Notice, or if you would like to exercise your rights, please send an email to dataprivacy@acsicorp.com or write to:Privacy Officer ACS Solutions 2400 Meadowbrook Parkway Duluth, GA 30096Kelly Walton RHIT, CCSDirector of Healthcare ServicesKelly Walton is the Director of Healthcare Services at ComforceHealth. Kelly is a multi-credentialed coding, revenue integrity auditing and education professional with nearly 10 years of experience.Kelly’s notable experience includes developing customized coding and physician education for healthcare systems nationwide and being a 3M 360 implementation subject matter expert. Kelly is also a seasoned speaker at local and state conferences, such as MEHIMA and AAPC Bangor, ME Chapter. For several terms, Kelly taught the coding curriculum as Adjunct Faculty Member at Beal College in Bangor, ME; her alma mater. Her passion for mentoring and educating the HIM community continues in her role at ComforceHealth. Kelly’s operating motto is “steel sharpens steel and we all stand to learn from each other.”Kelly’s strong subject matter background began as an inpatient coder and since then has expanded to include professional billing, charge reconciliation, physician education and outpatient workflows. In addition, she has served as a valued member of ICD 10 implementation and revenue cycle committees.A passionate HIM professional, Kelly is proud of her professional and academic accomplishments. Kelly holds an Associates of Applied Science degree in Health Information Management and holds the AHIMA RHIT and CCS credentials. X Josh HollandVice PresidentAs the Vice President for ComforceHealth, Josh has responsibility for new client acquisition, client services and delivery. Josh joined the ComforceHealth team with a proven track record of building high performing sales and recruitment teams, leveraging his 10+ years of industry experience. He and his team are responsible for unlocking new opportunities for partnerships by driving up-sell and cross-sell initiatives and facilitating collaboration to develop impactful solutions.Driven by passion, Josh enjoys “geeking out” over helping formulate solutions with clients, never shying away from an opportunity to incorporate humor and establishing deeper connections with those he serves.Josh and his family live in Tampa, FL. During his free time, he can usually be found exploring the outdoors enjoying boating, fishing and camping. X Christina Perkins, RN, CCDSSenior Clinical Documentation Improvement Services ConsultantChristina Perkins is a Senior Clinical Documentation Improvement Services Consultant at ComforceHealth. She is a dedicated revenue cycle professional with over 11 years of experience. During her career, Christina has had the unique opportunity to travel across the country as a senior consultant, curating her skills to include analyzing, implementing, and improving CDI departments at various healthcare facilities. Christina has experience across a wide range of facility types, from large teaching hospitals and university health systems to a multi-hospital heath system with critical access and community net facilities. She has significant experience in developing CDI departments from the ground up and re-vamping previously established departments to assess opportunities for clinical and financial improvements in DRG, SOI, and ROM.Christina is also an expert in denials management, recovery audit review and appeals. She has successfully implemented and managed denials management teams and processes with exceptional results.Prior to joining ComforceHealth, Christina flourished as a revenue cycle and coding leader by significantly improving DNFB totals and denial overturn rates. Christina has successfully engaged and earned the trust of healthcare professionals across the revenue cycle spectrum, including clinicians.Christina’s experience allows her to offer wholistic, expert guidance with respect to the revenue cycle while understanding the unique challenges down to the facility level. Christina is passionate about continuing education and is a proud CDI professional. X Joe AndrewsDirector of RecruitmentJoe Andrews is the Director of Recruitment and is responsible for the performance management of ComforceHealth’s national recruitment team. In this role, he leads the development and execution of comprehensive recruiting strategies that will guarantee that the business attracts and hires the top talent in the industry.He and his team work strategically with the business development and client services teams to ensure we deliver the right match to our clients in 48 hours or less.Joe has over 15 years of total staffing experience, with the last 10 being dedicated to revenue integrity. Joe started out as a recruiter and because of his success as an individual contributor, worked his way up to Director. Under his leadership, he has coached and mentored several to becoming company Top Performers.Joe earned a Bachelor of Science at Greensboro College in Greensboro North Carolina and he is currently an active member of the Pinellas County Foster and Adoption association. X Jeanette Thomas, RHIA, CCS, COC, CPC AHIMA Approved ICD10CM & PCS TrainerCoding Operations ManagerAs a
Coding Operations Manager for ComforceHealth, Jeanette is responsible for the management and delivery of coding services for an assigned group of coding consultants and clients. Jeanette monitors coder productivity, quality , and all areas of consultant accountability to ensure the success of the business.She interacts directly with the client, ensuring the success and growth of the project and collaborates with all areas of ComforceHealth to ensure successful and profitable client engagement.Jeanette Thomas is an accomplished healthcare industry leader with 20 years of experience. Her background in Health Information Management includes clinical, facility, auditing, DRG Validation, educational services and management. She has also worked several years with the Revenue Cycle as a Manager of Patient Financial Services and Managing Quality and Training for the Revenue Cycle.She has been an educator for 15 years, teaching in HIM programs as an Adjunct instructor for the RHIT Associate Degree program for CAHIM approved education institutes and the CCS certificate program.Jeanette earned her Associates of Applied Science in HIM and her Bachelor of Science in Technical Management /Healthcare Administration from DeVry University.She has served on committees with AAPC as Education Chair, GAHIMA as Membership Chair and Healthcare Financial Management Association on the Certified Patient Account Rep (CPAR) committee. X Donna Sherburne, RHIT, CCS, CCS-PDirector of Coding OperationsDonna Sherburne is the Director of Coding Operations here at ComforceHealth. In this role, she leads the Coding Department for the organization’s domestic and global workforce. Collaborating with our Global and Domestic leaders, she oversees the execution of meeting our clients coding needs by managing best practices while maintaining compliance, integrity, quality, and providing proven results.Donna is a known industry leader and has over 17 years of Health Information Management (HIM) experience in facility and profee coding, including both inpatient and outpatient services. She focuses on providing our clients with solution-driven results by Managing Coding Volumes revenue cycle initiatives/issues including DNFB/DNFC, Coding Denials provides the coding team with her subject matter extensive experience in MS-DRGs, APR-DRGs, DRG Validation, ICD 10 CM/PCS and CPT code assignment, auditing, education and clinical documentation improvement (CDI). She has proven abilities to manage complex workloads and project management skill set.Donna earned her Associates of Applied Science in HIM from Joliet Junior College, IL, where she graduated Magna Cum Laude. Prior to joining ComforceHealth, her continued passion for coding afforded her the opportunity to serve in various Managing roles leveraging her expertise to mentor new coders while identifying process improvement opportunities and partnering with executive teams to optimize operations and overall service delivery. X Melissa JohnsonGroup Vice President of ComforceHealthAs the Group Vice President for ComforceHealth, Melissa has ultimate responsibility for all operations for the organization. She also sets the strategic vision and direction for ComforceHealth, working towards achieving financial goals and objectives, and increasing operating performance.Melissa has 12 years of dedicated experience serving middle revenue cycle. She is a results driven leader with a proven track record of exceeding revenue and bottom-line goals.Prior to joining the ComforceHealth team, Melissa was the Vice President of Strategic Business Development at himagine solutions where her responsibilities included securing major new business and developing large, high-profile strategic accounts. Before himagine solutions, Melissa was a Regional Sales Vice President, Southeast, at Precyse.Melissa holds a BA in Psychology from the University of South Florida and is a member of FHIMA, AHIMA, and HFMA.Melissa JohnsonGroup Vice President( O ): 813.349.1771 ( C ): 813.464.5710 X ComforceHealth uses cookies to improve the functionality, performance, and effectiveness of our communications. For more information on our data policies, please visit our privacy policy. By continuing to use this site, or by clicking "I agree," you consent to the use of cookies. Privacy Preferences. I Agree
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies Powered by  GDPR Cookie Compliance Privacy OverviewThis website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful. Strictly Necessary CookiesStrictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings. disable
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again. Enable All Save Settings
Contact Us