http://www.rutherfordinternational.com/privacy-statement/
Calgary:
1-403-441-8763
rutherfordintl
Toronto:
1-416-250-6300
rutherfordintl
Privacy Statement
Know More About Privacy Statement
Contact us
GLOBAL PRIVACY POLICY
Rutherford International, Rutherford International Leadership and Talent Consulting, NEXTalent, and our affiliates and subsidiaries (“Rutherford International,” “we,” “us”), as a premier global provider of executive search services and talent management solutions, share your concerns about the protection of personal information relating to you. A list of our affiliates and subsidiaries is available from our Privacy Coordinator as described below.
Rutherford International offers executive and other recruitment services to help companies recruit new personnel (“Search Services”), as well as talent management, consulting, and other services (“Consulting Services”). We may collect information about you in connection with either or both of these services. Rutherford International takes the security of your information seriously and wants you to be familiar with how we collect, use and disclose information about you. This Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) describes our privacy practices regarding the collection, use and worldwide transfer of personal information collected by Rutherford International in connection with our Search Services and Consulting Services (collectively, the “Services”), including information collected offline; through our web sites, including but not limited to www.rutherfordinternational.com and other websites located on the rutherfordinternational.com domain, www.rutherfordinternational.com, www.Nextalentinc.com, www.nextpathinc.com and www.rejobnet.com (collectively, the “Site”); through the software applications made available by us for use on or through computers or mobile devices (the “Apps”); through our social media pages and apps to which the Site links (collectively, our “Social Media Pages”), as well as through HTML-formatted email messages that we send to you that link to this Privacy Policy (collectively, including the Site, Apps and our Social Media Page, the “Online Systems”). By using the Online Systems, you signify your agreement with this Policy. If you do not agree to this Policy, do not use the Online Systems.
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT.
Rutherford International collects personal information about you (such as name, e-mail address and physical address) when you provide it to us, including, for example, when you register to use our Online Systems, submit or build a resume, respond to employment opportunities, answer online assessment questions, participate in online courseware, provide information about yourself to our coaches or contact us via e-mail or postal mail. We also collect personal information about you from third parties, including, for example, when a fellow assessment or coaching participant provides information about you, when co-branded organizations enter information to create an Executive Center, when a colleague recommends that we consider you for a position or from other sources such as public databases, joint marketing partners and social media platforms.
In the course of our Services, we also may collect the following personal information about potential candidates: name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, resume information (e.g., employment history, education, professional credentials, memberships in professional organizations, skills), citizenship, information from former employers and other references, and other information to the extent we have acquired or the individual has provided us with such information.
In certain cases, we may request sensitive information in connection with our Services. For example, our assessments may include demographic survey questions that our clients may choose to use for their participants, such as questions about gender, race, age, or country of origin.
In the course of our Services in certain regions, we may collect personal information related to gender, and in the U.S. we also may collect information related to race for diversity purposes. As permitted by applicable laws, we may obtain background verification information. We may also use photos of you that you provide to us or that you make publicly available on the Internet (e.g., LinkedIn) for internal reference purposes only.
Except in these limited cases, we encourage you not to provide any other sensitive information to us, such as Social Security numbers, payment card numbers, information related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or other beliefs, health, criminal background, or trade union membership. We may use one or more third-party vendor(s) (“Vendor”) to handle the sale of books, assessments and other physical products featured on our Online Systems and event registration. If you wish to purchase a product or register for an event, you may be directed to a webpage that is hosted by the Vendor (or its service providers) and not by Rutherford International (such page, the “Vendor Page”). Any personal information that you provide through the Vendor Page will be collected by the Vendor and not by Rutherford International, and will be subject to the Vendor’s privacy policy, rather than this Policy. Rutherford International has no control over, and shall not be responsible for, the Vendor’s use of information collected through the Vendor Page. Please note that this Policy does not address the collection and use of information through the Vendor Page or the privacy or information practices of the Vendor. If you submit any personal information relating to other people to us or to our service providers in connection with the Services, you represent that you have the authority to do so and to permit us to use the information in accordance with this Policy.
HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT.
We use the information we collect in support of our Services. The following paragraphs describe some of the ways in which we may use personal and other information: Fulfilling your requests. We may use personal information to respond to your inquiries and fulfill your requests. If you contact us, we may keep a record of your contact information and correspondence, and we may use any information you provide in your message to respond to your inquiry. Business purposes. We may use personal information for our business purposes, such as audits, internal communication regarding candidates and clients, determining the effectiveness of our promotional activities, administering our products and services, maintaining and securing our infrastructure, and for procurement and financial transactions. Informational communications. Rutherford International may from time to time send informational e-mails, articles, white papers, proposals, engagement letters, and other information regarding the Services. Occasionally, and with your consent, we may use your personal information in press releases and direct marketing materials. We also may use personal information such as e-mail or postal addresses to conduct surveys.
Administrative information
We may from time to time use personal information to send you important information regarding the Online Systems, changes to our terms, conditions, and policies and/or other administrative information. We may also contact you from time to time to verify that the personal information we have collected about you is accurate and current. Other activities. In addition, we may use and disclose personal information in other ways to perform our Services, as described below:
Additional activities for Search Services
In the course of our Search Services, we use personal information that we have collected concerning candidates to identify professional opportunities that we think may be of interest. We may contact potential candidates from time to time regarding such opportunities. We also may contact individuals from time to time to solicit names of, or other personal information regarding, potential candidates in connection with a search that we are conducting and for purposes of market intelligence. We also use personal information to confirm references and conduct education and background checks, as appropriate. We may further use personal information that we collect for purposes of aggregating and disclosing diversity statistics and other statistical information regarding our candidates and placement activities.
Additional activities for Consulting Services
In the course of our Consulting Services, we may use personal information collected about you through our assessments to render Services to our clients.
Analytics
We may retain and use information about you, which may include, for example, your personal information, for research, publication, development, benchmarking and norms, validation, longitudinal studies, trend analysis and to improve and enhance our Services or develop and market new services. For these purposes we may also use your name and other personal identifiers to associate and combine information about you that is collected from one Service with information about you collected through other Services. Any published end product will refer only to larger aggregations of individuals and will not identify you personally or include any results attributable to you.
Key-coded data
We may key-code your personal information, meaning that such information is stripped of all information that may identify you (direct identifiers) and replaced by a key-code to minimize unwanted or unintended identification. Such key-coded information can be de-coded by the use of the key so that it identifies you again. We may use such information for the purposes described in the paragraph above entitled “Analytics” and as permitted by applicable law. Any published end product will refer only to larger aggregations of individuals and will not identify you personally or include any results attributable to you. De-identified data. Additionally, we may aggregate (anonymize) or de-identify personal information in such a manner that the end-product does not personally identify you or any other individual, for example, to generate norms by industry, geography, level, etc., enable us to conduct ongoing validation studies, compile reports, and publish journal articles to further the knowledge base of organizational and leadership science. Such aggregate or de-identified information is not considered personal information for purposes of this Policy and we may use it for any purpose.
DISCLOSURE TO CLIENTS, AFFILIATES, SERVICE PROVIDERS AND OTHERS
Disclosure to clients. In the course of our Services, we may disclose your personal information to clients who have engaged our services:
In the course of our Consulting Services, Rutherford International discloses assessment and other information to the employer/client that has engaged Rutherford International and to designated client personnel. Assessment and other personal information collected by our consultants or provided by our client may be maintained in an Executive Center or another Rutherford International database, to which our client, and certain personnel designated by our client, will have access both during and after the conclusion of our assignment. If you take assessments through our Consulting Services, we may use your assessment reports in the performance of our Search and Industry Benchmarking Services without your consent.
In the course of our Search Services, we may provide personal information regarding candidates, including the results of assessments taken through our Search and Benchmarking Services and related data, to prospective employers that have engaged Rutherford International to fulfill search requests, or to reference sources.
Disclosure to affiliates, subsidiaries and strategic alliance partners
We may jointly use personal information with our affiliates and subsidiaries. Rutherford International is responsible for managing such jointly-used personal information. From time to time we also may disclose personal information to our strategic alliance partners and to our network of independent consultants who provide Services on behalf of Rutherford International for the purposes stated above. A list of our strategic alliance partners is contacting our Privacy Coordinator as described below.
Disclosure to service providers
Rutherford International works with third parties who provide services that may include, but are not necessarily limited to, assessment services, including assessment validation services; website hosting and IT consulting services; data analysis; resume verification; background checking; payroll services; public relations services; attorneys, accountants, and other administrative and back-up and security services. As part of providing those services, such third parties will be provided with access to personal information. In addition, our software development partners may use personal information for purposes of modifying, improving, refining and validating their technology and research and development.
Business transfers
Rutherford International reserves the right to disclose or transfer any and all personal information that we collect from visitors, or that we otherwise collect in connection with our Services, to a third party in connection with a strategic alliance with such third party, or in the event of a sale of our company or one of our affiliates, or a merger or consolidation involving our company or one of our affiliates, or a sale or transfer of assets or of any portion of our business or the business of one or more of our affiliates.
Other disclosures
Rutherford International may also use or disclose personal information in order to:
(i) comply with applicable laws;
(ii) respond to inquiries or requests from public or government authorities, including those outside of your country of residence;
(iii) comply with valid legal process;
(iv) protect the rights, privacy, safety or property of Rutherford International, users of the Online Systems or the public;
(v) permit us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain;
(vi) enforce our Terms of Use; or
(vii) respond to an emergency. We cannot and do not assume any responsibility for the actions or omissions of third parties, such as clients, including the manner in which they use personal information received either from Rutherford International or from other independent sources.
OTHER INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Rutherford International collects other information that does not reveal your specific identity (“Other Information”), such as:
Information collected through cookies, pixel tags and other technologies;
App usage data;
Demographic information and other information provided by you; and
Aggregated information.
Since Other Information does not reveal your specific identity, we may use it for any purpose. If we combine any Other Information with personal information (such as combining your name with your location), we will treat the combined information as personal information as long as it is combined. We and our third-party service providers may collect Other Information in a variety of ways, including:
Using cookies. We use “cookies” — that is, small text files placed on a visitor’s computer hard drive — and other technologies to help us determine information such as the type of content to which a visitor to the Site links, and the length of time each visitor spends at any particular area of the Site. Rutherford International cookies are only read by Rutherford International servers and are unable to execute any code or virus. We and our service providers use the information for security purposes, to facilitate navigation, display information more effectively, and to personalize your experience while using the Online Systems, as well as for tracking purposes. We also gather statistical information about the usage of the Online Systems in order to continually improve the design and functionality, understand how the Online Systems are used and to assist us with resolving questions regarding the Online Systems. You can configure your browser settings to automatically decline cookies, or be given the choice of declining or accepting the transfer to your computer of a particular cookie (or cookies) from a particular site. (Each browser is different, so check the “Help” menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences.) You may also wish to refer to http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/index.html. However, if you do not accept these cookies, you may experience some inconvenience in your use of the Online Systems. For example, we may not be able to recognize your computer and you may need to log in every time you visit the applicable Online Systems. You also may not receive advertising or other offers from us that are relevant to your interests and needs. Using pixel tags, web beacons, clear GIFs or other similar technologies. These may be used in connection with some Site pages and HTML-formatted email messages to, among other things, track the actions of Site users and email recipients, measure the success of our communications and compile statistics about Site usage and response rates. Using Adobe Flash technology (including Flash Local Shared Objects (“Flash LSOs”)) and other similar technologies. We may use Flash LSOs and other technologies to, among other things, collect and store information about your use of the Online Systems. If you do not want Flash LSOs stored on your computer, you can adjust the settings of your Flash player to block Flash LSO storage using the tools contained in the Website Storage Settings Panel. You can also control Flash LSOs by going to the Global Storage Settings Panel and following the instructions (which may include instructions that explain, for example, how to delete existing Flash LSOs, how to prevent Flash LSOs from being placed on your computer without your being asked, and how to block Flash LSOs that are not being delivered by the operator of the page you are on at the time). Please note that setting the Flash Player to restrict or limit acceptance of Flash LSOs may reduce or impede the functionality of some Flash applications, including, potentially, Flash applications used in connection with the Online Systems.
Tracking data
Rutherford International monitors visitor traffic patterns throughout the Site by logging “Tracking Data,” which is collected automatically from each Site visitor. Tracking Data may include your “IP Address” which is a number that is automatically assigned to the computer that you are using by your Internet Service Provider (ISP), as well as your browser type and operating system, the referring website, which pages of the Site were visited, the order in which they were visited and which hyperlinks were “clicked.” Rutherford International uses Tracking Data in aggregate form to perform statistical analyses of the collective characteristics and behavior of our visitors, and by measuring demographics and interests regarding specific areas of the Site.
Physical location
We may collect the physical location of your device by, for example, using satellite, cellphone tower or WiFi signals. We may use your device’s physical location to provide you with location-based services and content. In some instances, you may be able to allow or deny collection of your device’s location, but if you choose to deny such collection, we may not be able to provide you with the applicable location-based services and content. From you. Information such as your preferred means of communication is collected when you voluntarily provide this information. Unless combined with personal information, this information does not personally identify you or any other user of the Online Systems.
By aggregating information
Aggregated personal information does not personally identify you or any other user of the Online Systems. For example, we may aggregate information to calculate the geographic distribution of participants in our Services.
ADDITIONAL GUIDELINES
Rutherford International may from time to time sponsor special features or promotions on the Online Systems and additional privacy information may be posted. That privacy information, to the extent it conflicts with this Policy, will govern that particular feature or promotion.
CHOICE AND ACCESS
Your provision of personal information to us is voluntary, although if you do not provide certain personal information you may not be able to participate in our Search Services and/or Consulting Services. You may contact us at research@rutherfordinternational.com if you wish to receive certain information as to whether or not personal information relating to you is held by us and to obtain a copy of such information. If you would like to:
(i) ask questions about how we handle personal information;
(ii) review, correct or update your personal information; or
(iii) request that your personal information be removed from Rutherford International’s database, please contact us at research@rutherfordinternational.com. Please note that we are only able to provide you with a non-confidential summary of our final assessment report, since such report contains confidential client information that we are not allowed to disclose. You may request to be removed from Rutherford International’s database by putting “Remove User” in the subject line of the e-mail, and including your full name, User ID and telephone number in the body of the e-mail message. We will aim to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practical, and may need to contact you in order to be sure that we are deleting the appropriate information. Please note that we cannot be responsible for removing your information from our database if that information is part of a Consulting Services assignment for your company. In that case, your request may need to be directed to your company’s management. We will, however, forward your request to the appropriate person at your company. We also may need to retain certain information about you, such as your e-mail address, in order to honor opt-out or similar requests. Please keep in mind that this residual information will remain within Rutherford International databases, access logs and other records, which may or may not contain personal information about you. The residual information will not be used for commercial purposes. However, Rutherford International reserves the right, from time to time, to re-contact former users of its Services.
LOCATION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED AND MAINTAINED
Your personal information may be collected, used, processed, disclosed and transferred to and within Canada and other countries where we have facilities or in which we engage service providers. By using our Services or Online Systems, you consent to the transfer of information to countries outside of your country of residence, which may have different data protection rules than in your country.
SECURITY
Rutherford International has reasonable organizational, technical and administrative measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of personal information about users of the Online Systems which is under our control. Unfortunately, however, no security system, or system of transmitting personal information over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure (for example, if you feel that the security of any account you might have with us has been compromised), please immediately notify us of the problem by contacting us in accordance with the “Questions” section below.
RETENTION PERIOD
We will retain your personal information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Policy unless a longer retention period is required or allowed by law.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
This Policy does not address, and we are not responsible for, the privacy, information, or other practices of our Vendors or of any other third parties. On the Online Systems, you may have the opportunity to follow a link from or to other websites maintained by Rutherford International affiliates, Vendors, or other third parties. The inclusion of a link on our Online Systems does not imply our endorsement of the linked site. Because these other websites may not be hosted or controlled by Rutherford International, this Policy does not address the privacy practices of those websites. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of each of those websites. Please note that we are not responsible for the collection, usage and disclosure policies and practices (including the data security practices) of other organizations, such as LinkedIn, Facebook, Apple, Google, Microsoft or any other app developer, app provider, social media platform provider, operating system provider, wireless service provider or device manufacturer, including any personal information you disclose to other organizations through or in connection with the Apps or our Social Media Pages.
UPDATES TO THIS POLICY
Rutherford International reviews its privacy practices from time to time, and those practices are subject to change. We ask that you bookmark and periodically review this page to ensure continuing familiarity with the most current version of this Policy. You can determine when this Policy was last revised by checking the “Revised Date” legend at the bottom of the Policy. Any changes to the Policy will become effective upon posting of the revised Policy on the Internet, accessible through the Site. Use of the Online Systems following such changes constitutes your acceptance of the revised Policy then in effect.
USE OF ONLINE SYSTEMS BY MINORS
The Online Systems are not directed to individuals under the age of fourteen (14), and we request that these individuals do not provide personal information through the Online Systems.
SUMMARIES OF POLICY
This Policy is the sole authorized statement of Rutherford International’s practices with respect to the online collection of personal information through the Online Systems and the usage of such personal information. Any summaries of this Policy generated by third party software or otherwise (for example, in connection with the “Platform for Privacy Preferences” or “P3P”) shall have no legal effect, are in no way binding upon Rutherford International, shall not be relied upon in substitute for this Policy, and neither supersede nor modify this Policy.
QUESTIONS
Questions regarding this Policy should be directed to Rutherford International at research@rutherfordinternational.com or, if by postal mail, at Rutherford International, 91 King Street, East, Toronto, ON, Canada, M5C 1G3, Attn: Privacy Coordinator.
CRE Executive Attitudinal Survey - SWOT Results
admin 2019-04-29 00:02
SWOT SURVEY RESULTS AVAILABLE ON REQUEST;
Question 1. Deals with SWOT assesses executive opini
A Talent Marketplace for Top Prospects & Professionals
admin 2019-03-15 11:56
A Marketplace for Top Talent
Rutherford International Executive Search Group introduces a me
Managing The Experience Gap in Canada's CRE Industry.
admin 2019-01-16 16:43
Combining Predictive Analytics & Mentoring to Solve the Experience Gap
by Forbes Rutherford
Counter-Intuitive Approach to Cost-Per-Hire
admin 2018-06-29 17:49
Reading Time: 10 minutes - Focusing on 'outcome' versus 'cost-per-hire.'
Technology-driven talen
Identifying Achievable Career Goals
admin 2018-06-29 16:24
Light & Shadow - The Middle Ground of Parenting
Reading time: 10 minutes (with credit to the
Let's Connect
[contact-form-7 404 "Not Found"]
Hot Links
OUR SERVICES
TALENT ANALYTICS
JOIN US
CONTACT US
BLOG & SURVEYS