http://www.harborcitysupply.com/General/privacy_policy1.htm
You are visiting this website with an outdated version of Internet Explorer. In order to browse our website, we recommend that yo use a different, more current browser like Chrome or Firefox. [x]
Call Us
Live Chat
Get a Quote
FREE SHIPPING ON ALL U.S. ORDERS OVER $99!
Home
Back
Privacy Policy
We respect your privacy. Any and all information collected on this site, HarborCitySupply.com,  will be kept strictly confidential and will not be sold, disclosed to third parties or reused without your permission. Any information you give to us will be held in strict confidence and will not be used in ways to which you have not consented.  At Harbor City Supply, we are committed to protecting your privacy. We use the information we collect about you to process orders and to provide a more personalized shopping experience. Please read on for more details about our privacy policy.
What information do we collect? How do we use it?When you order, we need to know your name, e-mail address, mailing address, and credit card number. This allows us to process and fulfill your order and to notify you of your order status. We automatically receive your computer’s internet protocol (IP) address when you browse our store in order to provide us with information that helps us learn about your browser and operating system.
How does Harbor City Supply protect customer information?We take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure that your personal information  is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed.
When you provide us with your credit card information, the information is encrypted using secure socket layer technology (SSL) and stored with a AES-256 encryption.  We follow all PCI-DSS requirements and adhere to  generally accepted industry standards.
Will Harbor City Supply disclose the information it collects to outside parties?Harbor City Supply does not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to others.
What about "cookies"?Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that your computer's hard drive uses via your Web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and to provide features such as the storage of items in your Shopping Cart. The "help" portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. However, if you disable cookies, you will not be able to purchase from the Web site. We recommend that you leave them turned on or please contact our Customer Service to have your order placed.
Your consentBy using our Web site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by Harbor City Supply. If we change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.  If after you opt-in, you change your mind, you may withdraw your consent for us to contact you, for the continued collection, use or disclosure of your information, at anytime, by contacting us at sales@harborcitysupply.com or mailing us at Harbor City Supply, Inc, 1966 Greenspring Drive, Suite 506, Timonium, MD 21093.
Disclosure We may disclose your personal information if we are required by law to do so or if you violate our Terms of Service.
In summaryWe are committed to protecting your privacy. We use the information we collect on the site to make shopping at Harbor City Supply possible and to enhance your overall shopping experience. We do not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to others.
Privacy Contact InformationHarbor City Supply welcomes your questions and comments about privacy. Please send e-mail to:sales@HarborCitySupply.com
×