http://www.jakay.co.uk/privacy
COVID-19 Principle Risk Assessments for J & A Kay Ltd.
Thermoforming
Vacuum, press, drape & line forming.
Design
We design & deliver innovative solutions, and accept CAD in all common file types .
Finishing
3 & 5 axis CNC machining, stamping, screen printing, polishing, fabrication & assembly.
Tooling
From rapid soft tooling for prototypes, to cast and machined production tools from aluminium.
Contact us today for enquiries and quotes
info@jakay.co.uk
01254 873535
Welcome to
J & A Kay
Click on our video for a whistle stop tour of what we do!
Some of our services
Plastic thermoforming & fabrication services to industrial manufacturers - typically OEMs. We work closely with a broad range of customers, using advanced CAD software and manufacturing techniques to develop, tool and manufacture good looking and functional technical components for a wide range of applications.
Forming
Vacuum forming up to 3 x 1.5m.
Drape, press and line forming up to 3 metres.
Learn More
Trimming & Assembly
5 Axis CNC trimming up to 3.4 x 1.4 x m.
3 Axis machining up to 3.6 x 2m.
Screen printing, aluminium cutting and final assembly.
Learn More
CAD Services
Powerful software is used to generate and manipulate CAD models. We also use 3D laser scanning for reverse engineering, a flexible facility that we can deploy in the field, if the project demands.
Learn More
What we do
Simply put, we use a range of methods to transform flat sheet into three dimensional parts for many industries.
Our experience of other processes, such as aluminium extrusion, injection moulding and sheet metalwork, enables us to include the benefits of these into many of our projects
We use advanced CAD software and manufacturing techniques to develop, tool and manufacture aesthetic and functional components in many thermoplastics, for a wide range of applications.
Read More
Our Expertise
Complex fabrication assemblies require a diverse range of skills, abilities and processes, and so what we do, makes us different.
Vacuum Forming, Line Forming & Press Forming
Free Blow & Stamping
Stamping & Routing
Screen Printing
Bonding
Polishing & Assembly
CAD
Tooling
Read More
What Our Customers Say About Us
How efficient are their staff?
Normally have answers to hand straight away.
Customer QA questionnaire feedback.
How do you rate the staff on their product knowledge?
They know their stuff.
Customer QA questionnaire feedback.
How do you rate their service?
Delivery is usually on time with very few NCRs.
Customer QA questionnaire feedback.
About J & A Kay
J & A Kay - Professionals in plastics.
Our History
With a history stretching back to the pioneering 1940s plastic industry, right up to the 21st century technology we use today, you can be sure of a wealth of experience to deliver the forming and fabrication solutions you demand.
Find Out More
Our Products
Our products range from bus doors and dashboards to aircraft rice cooker parts - you would be surprised where we turn up!
Find Out More
Market Experience
Our work in a multitude of sectors gives us a broad exprerience to draw on, in order to be the innovative and highly skilled company that we are.
Find Out More
Our Business
To see more of what we do beyond our core plastic forming and fabrication, click on the links to our sister websites..
Our Processes & Services
VACUUM FORMING
Vacuum and atmospheric pressure are used to shape heated plastics.
Max’ aperture is 3 x 1.5m
Min’ is just 400 x 350mm.
CNC TRIMMING
We generate 3D CAD models to create trim paths for our CNC trimming machines. This is true of both 3 axis and 5 axis machines.
TOOLING
Tooling is critical to the success of any project, whether ‘soft tools’ or aluminium.
Our early input can make all the difference to the success of any project.
FABRICATION / ASSEMBLY
From a time critical point-of-sale challenge, to assembly including aluminium or steelwork and wiring, our team of fabrication
specialists can handle it!
DOOR SYSTEMS
We have been manufacturing door systems for over 20 years. Our specialist fields are driver protection and emergency exit, particularly for bus and coach.
CAD SERVICES
We use powerful software to design and manipulate models, and accept many file types.
Our 3D laser scanning facility is a particular asset.
Find out more
Sign up for our Newsletter
Dont worry, your information will be kept safe
Privacy Policy
Our website uses various cookies. Our website uses various cookies. A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we put on your computer if you agree. These cookies allow us to distinguish you from other users of our website, which helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our site... Read more The cookies we use are "analytical" cookies. They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around the site when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily. To learn more about how we control and process your data please visit our privacy policy If you do not accept the use of cookies parts of our website won't work without them. By using our website you accept our use of cookies.ACCEPT & CONTINUE