http://www.centralcreditaudit.com/privacy-policy
About Us
Services
Request Quote
News & Events
Contact
Pay My Bill
Scroll
Who We ArePrivacy PolicyCentral Credit Audit, LLC100 North 3rd StreetPO Box 735Sunbury, PA 17801(570) 286-7742 or (800) 326-9326CentralCreditAudit.comWhat Personal Data We Collect and Why We Collect ItWe collect your name, email and phone number via contact form(s) on
this website. The information is used to manage your account and process
payments and/or receipt of debts collected on your behalf. We do not
collect your address, social security number or other identifying
information via this website.Central Credit Audit, LLC will never sell, rent or exchange any of
your personal information, including your email address, to a third
party without asking your express permission, except when required to do
so by law.What Rights You Have Over Your DataYou can request to receive the personal data we hold about you,
including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we
erase personal data we hold about you.NOTE: This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.Where We Send Your DataYour data is used by Central Credit Audit, LLC employees, partners
and vendors to fulfill our obligations to collect a debt on your behalf
or to collect a debt from you on behalf of our clients.When you make a payment to Central Credit Audit, LLC, you are
redirected to the 3rd party website of Electronic Payment Providers,
Inc. aka BillingTree, where payments can be made through a secure
connection. Please be aware that Central Credit Audit, LLC has no
control over the BillingTree website and is not responsible for their
privacy practices. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of
every website that collects personal information.The Fair Credit Extension Uniformity ActWe adhere to the Fair Credit Extension Uniformity Act which regulates
the debt collection activities of debt collectors and creditors in
Pennsylvania. Effective as of June 26, 2000, this law prohibits debt
collectors and creditors from engaging in certain unfair or deceptive
acts or practices while attempting to collect debts. For more
information, visit the PA Attorney General’s Fair Debt Collection Practices.Your Privacy and SecurityWe respect the privacy of our clients. Central Credit Audit, LLC
takes all reasonable precautions to protect information sent via the
website. We have procedures in place to protect the loss, misuse, or
alteration of the data we collect, including the use of a secure
connection to encrypt the data that is submitted.Privacy Policy ChangesIf we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes
on the Central Credit Audit, LLC website. Visitors to our website are
always aware of the information we collect, the way we use it, and the
specific circumstances, under which we disclose it. Customers are
encouraged to review our privacy policy regularly to apprise themselves
of such changes.
Privacy Policy