http://www.heraklith.com/privacy
Skip to main content
Heraklith worldwide
Heraklith worldwide
Corporate
Austria
Belgium
Czech Republic
Germany
Great Britain
Greece
Gulf Cooperation Council
Hungary
Netherlands
Poland
Wood wool
Applications
Products
References
Support
About Heraklith®
Certificates
Contact
News
Privacy statement
Breadcrumb
Home
Privacy
Here at Knauf Insulation SPRL (Rue De Maestricht 95, 4600 Visé) we take the protection of your personal data very seriously and strictly adhere to the rules of the Data Protection Act. On this website, we only gather personal data to the extent that is technically necessary. Under no circumstances is the data that we gather sold or forwarded to third parties for other reasons. This Privacy Policy is drafted in order to ensure compliance with the European Regulation 2016/679 of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC (General Data Protection Regulation, or GDPR). This policy does not aim to provide a stronger protection than required by the applicable legislation.
The following explanation provides you with an overview of how we guarantee this protection and what type of data is collected for which purpose.
Data Processing of Usage-Oriented Data
When you access our website, the following general technical information is automatically recorded: the type of web browser, the operating system used, the domain name of your internet service provider and other similar information. This is exclusively information which does not provide any conclusions about your person. Such collection and storage of data can be opposed at any time with future effect.
Data Processing of Personal Data
For example, if your are requested to provide personal information on the contact form available on our page, such as name, address, e-mail address and telephone number, this is subject to special regulations and may only occur with your prior consent. In this context, we will only use your data to respond to your questions and suggestions. The data is not transferred. You may revoke this consent at any time in writing with future effect. Contact us
Use of Social Plugins
Facebook
Our websites use the social share function (“plugins”) from the social network Facebook.com which is operated by Facebook Inc., Palo Alto, USA (“Facebook”). The plugins are identified by a Facebook logo.
If you access our websites, these will initially be deactivated. The plugins are only activated once you press the button provided. This activation establishes a link to Facebook and declares your consent with regard to your data being transmitted to Facebook. If you are logged into Facebook, Facebook can associate the visit with your account. If you press the respective button, the corresponding information is transmitted directly to Facebook by your browser and processed there.
For information about the scope and purpose of data collection, the further processing and use of the data by Facebook, as well as your rights and the settings that you can configure to protect your privacy, please refer to the Facebook Data Protection Notice [Link].
If you do not want Facebook to collect data about you via our website, you have to log out of Facebook before visiting our site.
YouTube
Our website uses the YouTube video platform, which is operated by YouTube LLC, 901 Cherry Ave. San Bruno, CA 94066, USA. YouTube is a platform that enables the playback of audio and video files.
When you access a page on our website, the integrated YouTube player establishes a connection to YouTube in order to ensure the technical transmission of the video or audio file.  When the connection to YouTube is established, data is transferred to YouTube.
For information about the scope and purpose of data collection, the further processing and use of the data by YoutTube, as well as your rights and the settings that you can configure to protect your privacy, please refer to the YouTube Data Protection Notice [Link].
Twitter
The Knauf Insulation website uses social plugins ("plugins") of the social network Twitter, which is operated by Twitter Inc. 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA ("Twitter"). The plugins are marked with a Twitter logo or the addition "Tweet". When you visit our website, which contains these plugins, they are initially deactivated. By clicking on the provided button, the plugins are activated. With this activation you establish the connection to Twitter and declare your consent to the transmission of data to Twitter. If you are logged in to Twitter, Twitter can assign your visit to your account there. When you press the respective button, the corresponding information is transmitted directly from your browser to Twitter and stored there.
The purpose and scope of the data collection, further processing and use of the data by Twitter as well as your relevant rights and setting options for the protection of your privacy can be found in the Twitter data protection information.
LinkedIn
Our website integrates plugins of the social network LinkedIn of LinkedIn Corporation, 2029 Stierlin Court, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA (hereinafter referred to as "LinkedIn"). You can recognize the LinkedIn Plugins by the LinkedIn logo on our site (white "in" on blue background). To prevent unwanted data transfer, the plugins on this website are deactivated by default. By clicking on the respective symbol the plugin is activated and data can be transferred to the provider. Activating the plugin establishes a connection between your browser and LinkedIn's server. The plugins can of course be deactivated at any time.
When the plugin is activated, LinkedIn receives information such as your IP address, a message that you have visited our site and other browser-related information. If you click the LinkedIn button ("Share Button") while logged into your LinkedIn account, you can link the contents of our pages on your LinkedIn profile. This allows LinkedIn to associate the visit to our pages with your user account. We would like to point out that we, as the provider of the pages, are not aware of the content of the transmitted data or its use by LinkedIn. Details on data collection (purpose, scope, further processing, use) as well as your rights and setting options can be found in LinkedIn's data protection information. This information is available at http://www.linkedin.com/static?key=privacy_policy&trk=hb_ft_priv.
Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses so-called “cookies”, text files which are stored on your computer and permit the analysis of your use of the website. The information on your use of this website (including your IP address) gathered by the cookie is transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there. However, if IP anonymisation is enabled on this website, your IP address is previously abbreviated by Google within the member states of the European Union or in other states party to the Agreement on the European Economic Area.
Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transferred to a Google server in the United States and abbreviated there. Google will use this information on behalf of the operator of this website for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing them with other services relating to website use and Internet usage. The IP address transferred by your browser during the use of Google Analytics will not be associated with any other data held by Google.
Not Authorising Google Analytics
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings in your browser software, however, please note that if you do this, you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. Furthermore, you can prevent the collection of data generated by the cookie and based on your usage of the website (including your IP address) and the processing of this data by Google by downloading and installing the browser plugin available under the following link: (http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de). Further information on this subject can be found at http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de or https://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html (General information on Google Analytics and data protection). We would like to inform you that this website has expanded Google Analytics using the code "_anonymizeIp()" to ensure anonymous collection of IP addresses (so-called IP masking).
You can also enable, disable and/or delete cookies as you wish. You can delete all cookies that are already on your device and you can set most browsers to prevent them from being placed.
You can easily opt-out and prevent your data from being used by Google Analytics. This can be done by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. Alternatively, you can always adjust the corresponding settings in your browser software to prevent the use of Google Analytics cookies.
Use of Google Maps
This website uses Google Maps to display a site plan. Google Maps is operated by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. By using this website, you agree that the automatically generated data as well as the data you entered may be gathered, processed and used by Google, one of its representatives or third-party providers.
The terms of use for Google Maps can be found at Terms of Use for Google Maps. More details can be found in the data protection centre of google.de:  Data Protection Regulations.
Your Rights
Knauf Insulation will observe the following principles when processing personal data:
The data will be processed lawfully, fairly and in a transparent manner in relation to the data subject;
The data will be collected for specified, legitimate purposes; the data will not be processed further in ways that would be incompatible with those purposes;
The data will be adequate, relevant to and limited to the purposes for which they are processed.
The data will be accurate and, where necessary kept up up-to-date. Reasonable steps will be taken to rectify or delete any data that is inaccurate or incomplete;
The data will be kept only as long as it is necessary for the purposes for which it was collected and processed. Those purposes shall be described in this Policy;
The data will be deleted or amended following a justified request by the data subject;
The data will be processed in accordance with the individual’s legal rights as described in this Policy or as provided by law;
Appropriate technical, physical and organizational measures will be taken to prevent unauthorized access, unlawful processing and unauthorized or accidental loss, destruction or damage to data. In case of any violation as referred to in the pervious sentence, and/or in case of any accidental data leak, Knauf Insulation will take appropriate steps to end the violation/eliminate the leak and determine liabilities in accordance with the GDPR and will cooperate with the competent authorities where necessary, should they be involved as a result of such violation or leak.
You are entitled to receive information at any time on the data stored about you, its origin and recipients along with the purpose of the data storage.
Furthermore you also have the right to the correction or deletion of your personal data that was gathered by us, which may also be incomplete, incorrect or outdated. We always ensure that your data is only processed provided we have authorisation in accordance with the basic data protection regulation. Thepersonal data is deleted if you revoke your consent, if the processing of personal data is no longer required to fulfil the original purpose or if the personal data is processed illegally.
Please contact us via contact@knaufinsulation.com or use the contact form to request for us not to use and/or to delete your personal data, and we shall proceed accordingly. Data that is absolutely necessary for order processing or for commercial purposes is not affected by a termination, in other words, a deletion. We hope you understand that in the event of a revocation, we will no longer be able to provide customised services because these are based on the use of customer data.
Furthermore, you have the right to receive your data in a structured, current and machine-readable format or have it transferred to a thirdparty.
If you are of the opinion that we have violated the valid data protection regulations, you have the option of contacting us at contact@knaufinsulation.com. Otherwise, you have the right of appeal at the supervisory authority.
To protect your privacy and security, we will take reasonable steps to help verify your identity before we provide you with information by post or carry out a corresponding correction or deletion.
Contact
The authority responsible for the processing of personal data in the context of this website is Knauf Insulation SPRL, Rue de Maestricht 95, Visé.
Your trust is important to us. Therefore, we would be glad to answer all questions regarding the processing of your personal data. If you have any questions not answered by this data protection declaration, or if you would like more in-depth information on a specific point, please contact our data protection officer at any time:
Data Privacy Officer of Knauf Insulation SPRL
Rue de Maestricht 95 4600 Visé
contact@knaufinsulation.com
Changes to this NOTICE
We may modify or amend this Data Protection Regulation from time to time. Any changes we may make to our Data Protection Regulation in the future will be posted on this page. To let you know when we make changes to this Privacy Notice, we will amend the revision date at the top of this page.
The new modified or amended Data Protection Regulation will apply from the revision date. Please check back periodically to see changes and additions.
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.
By clicking anywhere on our website you will accept our cookie policy.
Got it!
More info
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.
By clicking anywhere on our website you will accept our cookie policy.
Got it!
More info