https://www.mslwyo.com/policies-privacy-statement/
Menu
Skip to content
Home
Estimates
Services
Design & Prepress
Digital Printing Solutions
Lithographic Offset Printing
Binding & Finishing
Book Printing & Publishing
Business Solutions
Web Development
Endeavor Books
About MSL
Contact
NCSD
Orders
Addresses
My Account
Account details
Client Login
Quality Printing Since 1960
SALES:
We will do our best to deliver every order as quickly as possible. There are times when we will not be able to provide certain items due to circumstances beyond our control. As the printer and publisher, and the fact that these titles are mainly short run books, there are also times when book orders will be held up by printing.
Customer agrees to bear responsibility for any duties/taxes that may apply to a purchase shipped outside of the U.S. and that Mountain States Lithographing LLC will not be held accountable for any of these fees.
Prices of items may change without notice. It is the customers responsibility to check our web site to obtain the most up to date prices, and order forms.
We retain the right to refuse service to anyone, for any reason
RETURNS:
In the unlikely event that you are unhappy with the quality of a service or product provided by Mountain States Lithographing LLC, you must notify us within thirty (30) days after receiving the merchandise. Include a copy of all order sheets sent from us with your order. We will review the job, and at our discretion either redo the job, or refund the purchase price. If the fault does not lie with us, you will be charged a return shipping fee.
Printing jobs that have been proofed and approved by the client, will be charged for the job or for the work that has been completed if an error in typography or in art is discovered after proofing. If the fault lies with Mountain States Lithographing LLC, the job will be corrected, reprinted or refunded at our discretion.
Returns must be insured USPS, UPS or FedEx. No COD’s accepted.
LEGAL:
Liability of Mountain States Lithographing LLC, its officers, employees and directors is limited to a refund of the purchase price of any item or service purchased. This limitation of liability applies to all damages of any kind including (without limitation) compensatory, direct, indirect, special or consequential damages, loss of or damage to property, loss of income and claims of third parties.
PRIVACY:
We collect some data about your order when you use the “estimator” and when you pay online. This data is used in the event there is a problem with an order form. This data is held on a secure server, protected by SSL encryption, We delete this data after 3 – 6 months, and we will never share, sell, or allow access to this information by anyone outside Mountain States Lithographing LLC under any circumstances.
Mountain States Lithographing LLC
133 South McKinley Street, Casper, Wyoming 82601
P.O. Box 1389 Casper, WY 82602
307-234-9325 ~ Fax: 307-237-9521
msl@mslwyo.com
Home
Contact
About
Book Printing & Publishing
Endeavor Books
Estimates
Uploads
Policies & Privacy
MSL © 2020