http://www.bones.com/privacy/
BONES WHEELS Catalog 2020 Spring News Team Products
Wheels
View All Wheels
Street Tech Formula™
Skatepark Formula™
All-Terrain Formula
Rough Riders
100™
Bushings
Clothing
View All Clothing
T-Shirts
Longsleeves
Sweatshirts
Caps
Beanies
Backpacks and Bags
Socks
Shoes/Slippers
Accessories
View All Accessories
Banners
Bushings
Hardware
Risers
Stickers
Wax
Bags
Mugs/Cups
New Products
Formulas STREET TECH FORMULA™ SKATEPARK FORMULA™ ALL-TERRAIN FORMULA™ ORIGINAL FORMULA™ 100A HARDCORE BUSHINGS™
Search:
GO Welcome
Home /
Privacy PolicyPrivacy PolicyPRIVACY POLICYSkate One is committed to respecting your privacy. We believe in the “Golden Rule” and we apply it to all our interactions with our customers. Any personally identifiable information that you give us or we collect as you use our sites will only be used internally to improve our products, services, and to provide you with a better browsing experience. We do not disclose, sell or trade personal information to third parties. This Privacy Statement was created to let you know how we collect information from you on this site, and how we use it, but don’t abuse it.PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATIONThe personal information we collect when you use our site may include your name, mailing address, phone number, e-mail address and credit card information if you purchase from us. We request some of this information when you register your Skate One products online. We also request this information when you enter a contest, participate in other promotional activities or purchase product from us, so we can administer the contest, notify winners, ship the product to you, etc. We may also ask you to fill out a survey to assist us in getting to know you and your preferences better.COOKIES AND IP ADDRESSESA “cookie” is a small data file transferred by a server to your computer’s hard drive. Most browsers will automatically accept cookies, but you can usually change your browser to refuse cookies. If you turn off cookies, most of the features on our site will still be available. Accepting cookies allows us to identify your computer, but it does not give us access to your personally identifiable information. The information we collect from cookies is used to analyze traffic patterns on our site. If you arrived at our site via a link from another site, we may receive aggregate or otherwise anonymous information about your visit to our site. This helps us improve our site content and makes the site easier to use. Skate One also logs IP addresses, or the location of computers on the Internet, to help diagnose problems with our server and to help administer the Site. This information is also considered confidential by Skate One.SKATE ONE’S CONTEST POLICY, INCLUDING ITS POLICY FOR KIDS(Individuals under 18 years of age)Skate One conducts contests and give-aways on its Web sites. You may be asked to provide your personal contact information or answer a survey in order to enter. Survey results will be tabulated in aggregate form and will not be used to identify individual information. Contest winners are randomly selected and will be notified through the contact information they provide. Contest winners must then print out a downloadable form found on this site and fill it out and send it to the address provided on the form. If the winner is under the age of 18, his or her parent or guardian must give their parental consent and fill out the form. Upon receipt of the completed form, Skate One will send the winner the prize.YOUR CONSENTBy using this site, you consent to the collection, use, and storage of your information by us in the manner described in this Privacy Policy. We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we do make changes to our Privacy Policy, we will post it on this page. Join the ratpack Name
Email
Subscribe TeamTestimonialsWhyFactory TourDealer LocatorMailing ListsNewsContactNew ProductsProductsWarrantySponsor MeSite Map Facebook Instagram Twitter YouTube
©2020 BONES WHEELS | Distributed by Skate One | Privacy Policy