http://www.nzbizbuysell.co.nz/terms-conditions
Our business terms and conditions
By using or listing your business with NZ BizWorks Ltd, trading as nzbizbuysell, you have agreed to accept the following terms and conditions:
The sale process – nzbizbuysell has no involvement in the sales process, nor do we make any guarantees as to the accuracy of information supplied by sellers. There are no additional fees or commissions charged through the sale of a business, other than those listed in the following “Terms of Payment” for the advertising of a business for sale listing.
Accuracy of the information – While every care has been taken to list the details given by the Vendor or their Agent, it is the purchaser's responsibility to verify all claims and information, and the purchaser is advised to seek professional advice prior to any investment being entered into. nzbizbuysell has not verified the accuracy of the information posted on the nzbizbuysell database and makes no warranty, express or implied, nor does it guarantee such information. nzbizbuysell will not be held liable for any errors, omissions or losses arising from this or any listing. In entering any agreement to purchase any business the purchaser relies entirely on his or her own judgment and not on any information provided by nzbizbuysell.
Liability - nzbizbuysell will not be held liable; (whether in contract, negligence or otherwise) for any reliance on this website and or any site content. In entering any agreement to purchase any business the purchaser relies entirely on his or her own judgment and not on any information provided by or on nzbizbuysell.  You acknowledge that we are not an auctioneer, and do not provide auction services. Instead, our site is only a portal to allow potential buyers and sellers of businesses to make contact.  We do not provide a facility for buyers and sellers to enter into contracts for purchase and sale on this site and we do not provide any due diligence, identification or verification services.
Website availability – While every care is taken to maintain the reliability of the website, nzbizbuysell will not be liable for any direct, indirect, consequential damages, or losses whatsoever arising out of your use or inability to use this website, its information or the products and services of nzbizbuysell.
Using our site(s). Prohibited use - you will not:  - infringe any laws, third party rights or our Policies; - post false, inaccurate, misleading, defamatory or offensive content (including personal information); - transfer your account and login to another party without our consent; - distribute or post spam, unsolicited, or bulk electronic communications, chain letters, or pyramid schemes; - distribute viruses or any other technologies that may harm us, or the interests or property of our users; - copy, modify or distribute rights or content from our site or our copyrights and trademarks; or - harvest or otherwise collect information about users, including email addresses, without their consent.
Right to withdraw – nzbizbuysell reserves the right to refuse to continue listing any business on it’s site that contains or has offensive or insensitive material, association to any illegal activities, or for any other reason.
Right to reject and/or edit – nzbizbuysell reserves the right to reject or edit at the discretion of nzbizbuysell any listing that contains offensive or inappropriate material, where logos are loaded as listing images, or listing images contain more than 30% text, or for any other reason.
Terms of payment - Sellers listing on nzbizbuysell agree to pay the prices as quoted in New Zealand Dollars (NZD). All prices quoted on the website are plus GST and subject to change without notice, so please check before placing any listing. Casual advertisements are payable in advance by credit card (we accept Visa, Debit, and Master Cards), cheque or Internet Banking.  On payment your ad will go live for the specified term. Business broker members (where Business Brokers have a monthly account); are billed as agreed with all payments due by the 20th of the month following invoice.  Accounts are monthly with any notices given to be in writing (email). Any outstanding accounts may be subject to collection fees. Fees charged for listings and related services are non-refundable.Your login and password responsibilities - To become a registered site user you must provide a login name (email) and a password. You are entirely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality and the activities that occur under your login name. If your security has been breached please change your password and / or contact us directly. As a registered site user you are required to cancel any sold or no-longer required listings immediately.
Confidentiality - Information provided to nzbizbuysell will be kept confidential and will not be distributed to any third party without the prior consent of the Seller. nzbizbuysell may however, at their discretion use such data in an aggregate form.
Security - In visiting our site you agree that you will not use any robot, spider, scraper or other automated means to access our site or services for any purpose without our express written permission.  Additionally, you agree that you will not:
- take any action that imposes or may impose (in our sole discretion, exercised reasonably) an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure; - copy, reproduce, modify, create derivative works from, distribute, or publicly display any content (except for your information) from our site without our prior express written permission and the appropriate third party, as applicable; - interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of our site, services or tools, or any activities conducted on or with our site, services or tools; or - bypass our robot exclusion headers or other measures we may use to prevent or restrict access to the site.
Copyright - The nzbizbuysell name, logo, website, content, software and database information are proprietary and cannot be used without written permission from NZ BizWorks Ltd.Notices - All legal notices must be served on us at: nzbizbuysell, PO Box 33276, Christchurch 8244, New Zealand.Governing Law - New Zealand law (excluding its conflict of laws rules) will govern this Agreement and its subject matter and you consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of New Zealand in relation to this Agreement and all its subject matter.
Violation of these terms will result in action by nzbizbuysell which may result in, but not be limited to, removal from the nzbizbuysell database.
nzbizbuysell reserves the right to modify or change these Terms of Agreement at any time. It is the seller's responsibility to be familiar with any changes.
Refund Policy
Terms of payment - Casual advertisements placed online are payable in advance and are charged at the websites listed product price. Business Broker/Agent members (where Business Brokers/Agents have a monthly account); are billed monthly with all payments due by the 20th of the month following invoice.
If an ad is withdrawn prior to going live online then it will be refunded in full. Once an ad is live online then the fees charged are non-refundable.
Listing Cancellations
On confirmation of the sale of a listing, sellers or agents MUST deactivate the listing within 48 hours via their account login or feed. Sellers can also cancel their listings at any time by sending such advice (with their ad ID number) to our Contact Us email
Contact Us:
NZ BizWorks Ltd
23 Birmingham Drive
Christchurch NZ 8024
Phone: +64 3 3370005
Email: Contact
Our Privacy Policy
Go to Sell a Business