https://www.heiradvance.com/privacy-policy
Privacy PolicyAt Heir Advance Company, Inc. ("HA"), we are committed to protecting the privacy and security of our customers' personal, business and financial information. We collect and maintain information about you to enable us to conduct our business in a manner consistent with applicable laws and regulations, to provide you with information and offers on products and services to meet your needs, and to satisfy legal requirements. All personal, business and financial information related to our customers and prospective customers is maintained in a secure and confidential manner.This Privacy Policy describes how HA collects and uses your personal, business and financial information and how we maintain the confidentiality and accuracy of such information. Non-public personal information is defined in applicable law and generally means financial information that is identified with you that is not obtainable from a public source.How We Obtain Personal Customer Information: We obtain personal, business and financial customer information directly from you (for example, when you open a client relationship with us, submit an application to us, or provide information to us over the phone, by mail or email, or on our Web site). We may also obtain such information from other sources, such as credit reporting agencies. We also maintain personal, business and financial customer information resulting from your experience and transactions with us, including identification information, such as account number, Social Security number, and addresses and information regarding your finances, such as income and employment, that you provide us when you apply for a product or service, such as an inheritance loan, and transaction history information.In addition, if you visit our Web site, we may obtain information such as the e-mail address and other information that you provide us in conjunction with a request for information or an application for an HA product, the domain name and IP address (e.g., aol.com) that you used to access the Internet; the Internet address from which you linked to our site (e.g., www.yahoo.com); the type of web browsing software used to view our site; the date, time, and length of visit to our web site; and the areas of the web site that you accessed. Please note that information provided on HA's Web site is encrypted or scrambled in order to secure information.How We Use Your Information: We use your personal, business and financial information only for legitimate business purposes in compliance with applicable laws and regulations. The following summarizes the principal ways in which HA uses such information:To provide you with our services. For example, if you apply for one of our loans online and supply us with personal data (such as your e-mail address), we may use this information to provide you with information on our other products or services that we feel will be of interest to you.To protect the security of your personal, business and financial information. For example, we use your personal, business and financial information for identification purposes to prevent unauthorized persons from accessing your transaction histories with us.To satisfy legal requirements. For example, we are sometimes required to disclose your personal, business or financial information in order to comply with subpoenas, court orders, and legal reporting requirements, such as interest reporting to the IRS.Marketing Messages. HA may provide you with information describing HA products that we think may be of interest to you. No information about you or your account will be provided to third party marketers.Sharing Personal Information with Unaffiliated Third Parties: We do not disclose your personal information to companies or entities that are not affiliated with HA, except in the following circumstances:Legal Requirements. We are sometimes required to disclose your personal, business and financial information in order to comply with subpoenas, court orders, and legal reporting requirements, such as interest reporting to the IRS.Written Consent. We may disclose your personal, business or financial information with your written consent, including when you give someone power of attorney or other authorization to act on your behalf.Regulators/Auditors/Consultants. HA regularly hires independent auditors to analyze our operations, and regulatory agencies may examine HA's records as required by applicable law. Your personal, business and financial information may be shared with auditors or regulators on a strictly confidential basis.Protecting Personal Information From Unauthorized Access: HA maintains systems, policies and procedures to protect your personal information from being accessed by unauthorized persons. We limit employee access to personal, business and financial customer information to those with a legitimate business reason for such access. We train our employees in our Privacy Policy and Procedures; each employee is required to acknowledge receipt and understanding of our Privacy Policy and Procedures and is held accountable for adhering to them.How to modify or delete personal information, or opt-out: If you are not a present or past client you may at any time opt-out. To opt-out of having your personal information stored in our database, click here to send an opt-out email request. Your information will be deleted.Policy Updates: This privacy policy may change from time to time. You may obtain the most current copy of this privacy policy by calling us or visiting our Web site at www.heiradvance.com.Questions? We at HA we thank you for your business, and place a high value on our customer relationships. We want you to understand how we use the information you provide us and our commitment to ensuring your personal privacy. If you have any questions about our privacy policy, or the measures HA takes to protect you when online at our web site, please feel free to contact us.Customer Service telephone number: (949) 249-2239Date of Publication: September 2010