http://www.nodigequipment.com.au/privacy-information
Menu
Home
Products
NODIG Mole
Microtunneling
Vacuum Excavation
HDD Tools
Pipe Bursting
Lateral Pipe Bursting
Aussie Burst
For Sale
All Products for Sale
Directional Drilling
Microtunneling
Vacuum Excavators
Pipe Bursting
Other
Soil Hammer
Media
Gallery
Videos
Download
Reamer Selection Guide
HDD Tooling Catalogue
NODIG Mole Brochure
Microtunnelling Brochure
Vacuum Machine VMSeries
Testimonials
Repairs and Servicing
News
Contact us
Trenchless Products (Drilling and Boring Equipment) For Sale
Aussie Burst Pipe Bursting Machine | Pipe Replacement System for sale
Horizontal Directional Drilling Products | Vacuum Excavation System | Non-Destructive Digging
Hydraulic Power Pack | Pilot Tube Microtunneling for sale
NoDigMole | A Tool for NBN Fiber Optic Cabling | Soil Hammers for sale
Other Trenchless Technolgy Products | Rock Drill Bits and Vacuum Trailers for sale
Vacuum Excavators
This website is owned and operated by No Dig Equipment. Throughout the site, the terms "we", "us" and "our" refer to No Dig Equipment. No Dig Equipment offers this website, including all information, tools and services available from this site to you, the user, conditioned upon your acceptance of all terms, conditions, policies and notices stated here.By visiting our site and/ or purchasing something from us, you engage in our "Service" and agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions ("Terms of Service", "Terms"), including those additional terms and conditions and policies referenced herein and/or available by us. These Terms of Service apply to all users of the site, including without limitation users who are browsers, users, vendors, customers, merchants, and/ or contributors of content.YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION IS IMPORTANT TO USNo Dig Equipment recognises that your privacy is very important to you and that you have a right to control your personal information. We know that providing personal information is an act of trust and we take that seriously. Unless you give us explicit consent to act otherwise, the following policy will govern how we handle your personal information and safeguard your privacy. No Dig Equipment is committed to protecting your personal information and giving you choice in how it can be used. We believe that our privacy policy not only complies with relevant laws but represents industry best practice.COLLECTING INFORMATION ABOUT YOUIn order to respond to enquiries personally, we request information such as your name, and email address. We confirm that this information is accurate with an email. This ensures that people who are submitted by mistake, or without their permission can remove their details from our list.No Dig understands your concerns about privacy, and takes every measure to ensure that your personal information is kept private, and used only for reasons relating to your interest from This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.USING AND DISCLOSING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATIONNo Dig Equipment will not use or disclose any information about you without your consent.We recognise the trust you place in us when you give us personal information.We will not give any of your personal information to advertisers or any other organisation without your express consent."SPAM" (PROMOTIONAL MATERIAL)We will not send you "spam" (unsolicited advertising information). We will not send you any promotional information without first asking you whether you wish to have promotional information sent to you. If you are receiving promotional information about No Dig Equipment or other opportunities offered by us and do not wish to receive this information any longer, you may remove your name from our list by clicking on the "Unsubscribe" link at the bottom of the emails you receive.This will remove you instantly from our mailing list, and you will not receive further email correspondence from us.STORAGE AND SECURITY OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATIONNo Dig Equipment will endeavour to take all reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed.. Your information is stored on secure servers that are protected in controlled facilities. The information entered in the forms on the site are automatically encrytped to protect your personal information. In addition, our employees and the contractors who provide services related to our information systems are obliged to respect the confidentiality of any personal information held by No Dig. However, we cannot be held responsible for events arising from unauthorised access to your personal information.WHAT TO DO IF YOU HAVE A PROBLEM OR QUESTIONIf No Dig becomes aware of any ongoing concerns or problems with use of your information, we will take these issues seriously and work to address these concerns. If you have any further queries relating to our privacy policy, or you have a problem or complaint, please contact us or email at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. and we will respond immediately to your concerns.
Join Our Mailing List
No Dig Equipment Newsletter
In order to download catalogues, brochures and price lists from our website, you need to subscribe to our list. Click here for more info. Thank you for your understanding.
Testimonials
" For over two years now Orpheus Contracting Pty Ltd has been operating a Hanlyma 44/40 HDD machine supplied by No Dig Equipment, and we are pleased to report that the after-sales service has been excellent. The machine itself is a solid performer with serious capabilities - usually more than are required for small jobs - but reliable, easy to operate, uncomplicated and cost-effective. We feel qualified to say that the auxiliary products provided by No Dig Equipment are generally very robust, effective and competitively priced. No Dig pride themselves in being innovative problem solvers, always willing to trial new ideas and product modifications intended to provide solutions to on-site problems. Orpheus Contracting has benefitted from this attitude, and is pleased to endorse No Dig Equipment. " - Will Hepburn from Orpheus Contracting Pty Ltd -