http://www.windycityflyers.com/terms-conditions
Home
Flight Training
Fleet
Instructors
Aircraft Services
Join Our Team
Shop
Contact
AgreementWindy City Aviation, LLC owns and operates this website. While accessing and using this website, you must agree to abide by our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy, and those not in accordance should exit this site immediately.Site UsageThis site is for personal use and information only and may not be used for any unauthorized commercial purposes. It is prohibited for you to modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer, or sell any information obtained from the Site. Material from this Site may be displayed and electronically copied or downloaded to print a hard copy for personal, noncommercial use provided copyrights, trademarks, and proprietary notices remain unaltered. Any other use of materials on the Site, including but not limited to the modification, reproduction, distribution, republication, display or transmission of the content of this Site, without prior written permission from Windy City Aviation, is prohibited.Public Submissions to this WebsiteSubmissions made by website users are the sole responsibility of the submitter and all submitters are accountable for the legality, reliability, appropriateness, originality and copyright of such submissions. Submitting or publishing any content through this site that is libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, illegal or encourages illegal behavior is strictly prohibited.Excluding any personally identifiable information we collect from users in accordance with our Privacy Policy, any remarks, suggestions, ideas, graphics or information, submitted by users to this website becomes the property of Windy City Aviation.DisclaimerWindy City Aviation makes no warranties or representations about the accuracy, completeness, correctness, usefulness, adequacy, timeliness, reliability, or otherwise of this website’s content. Any materials, information, services, or products contained or displayed on this site, including text, graphics and links are provided “as is”. Windy City Aviation also makes no warranties that the functions of this site will be uninterrupted, error-free, or free of any computer viruses. Additionally, the user (and not Windy City Aviation) assumes any and all costs of necessary servicing, repair or correction.Limitation of LiabilityWindy City Aviation is not liable for any direct, indirect, special, punitive, incidental, exemplary, or consequential damages, whether in action under contract, negligence, or any other theory arising out of or in connection with the use or inability of use, or performance of information, services, product and content provided in this site.IndemnificationThe user agrees to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Windy City Aviation, its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including attorneys’ fees and court costs, resulting from any violation of these terms and conditions or any activity related to the user’s Internet account (including, but not limited to, negligent or wrongful conduct), by the user or any other person accessing the Site using an Internet account.LinksThis Site provides access to other websites. Windy City Aviation does not control these sites or their content, and the user accesses them at their own risk. Windy City Aviation does not endorse or approve any products or information offered on sites reached through links on this Site.JurisdictionAny dispute arising from these terms shall be resolved exclusively in the state and federal courts of the State of Illinois. Windy City Aviation in no way warrants or implies that the materials on this Site are appropriate for use outside of the United States. If accessed from outside the United States, the user should be advised that he or she is solely responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. Users may not use or export the materials on the Site in violation of U.S. export laws and regulations.Modification of the Website and Terms of UseWindy City Aviation is entitled to terminate all or any portion of this Site at any time, without notice to the users. Windy City Aviation also reserves the right to change the terms, conditions, and notices under which this Site is offered, and use of this Site following any such changes shall be deemed to constitute consent to such modified Terms of Use. Users agree to regularly review these Terms of Use to verify whether they have been changed.Returns/ExchangesItems purchased from the Pilot Shop are returnable within 30 days if items are in the same condition and accompanied by a receipt.  Non-returnable items include navigation charts, maps or any product that aids in flight navigation.Gift Certificates are non-refundable, but can be transferred with prior permission from Windy City Aviation. © 2019 Windy City Aviation, LLC. All rights reserved..