http://www.hipaatraining.com/privacy
Your Cart
There is nothing in your shopping cart.
Continue Shopping
|
My Training
Log In
Toggle navigation
Home
Products
HIPAA FOR INDIVIDUALS
Healthcare Provider
Business Associate
Mental Healthcare Provider
Employer Group Health Plan
Insurance Broker/ Agent
HIPAA FOR ORGANIZATIONS
Healthcare Provider
Business Associate
Mental Healthcare Provider
Employer Group Health Plan
Insurance Broker/ Agent
Help Me Choose
HIPAA and Omnibus Rule
HIPAA and Texas House Bill 300
HIPAA Compliant Badges and Logos
HIPAA FOR INDIVIDUALS
Healthcare Provider
Business Associate
Mental Healthcare Provider
Employer Group Health Plan
Insurance Broker/ Agent
HIPAA FOR ORGANIZATIONS
Healthcare Provider
Business Associate
Mental Healthcare Provider
Employer Group Health Plan
Insurance Broker/ Agent
FAQs
About Us
Contact Us
Help Me Choose
HIPAA and Texas HB 300
HIPAA and Omnibus Rule
Other
Partners
Affiliate Programs
HIPAA Consulting
HIPAA Compliance Badges and Logos
Privacy Policy
Our Website's Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting our web site. This privacy policy tells you how we use personal
information collected at this site. Please read this privacy
policy before using the site or submitting any personal information.
By using the site, you are accepting the practices described
in this privacy policy. These practices may be changed, but
any changes will be posted and changes will only apply to
activities and information on a going forward, not retroactive
basis. You are encouraged to review the privacy policy whenever
you visit the site to make sure that you understand how any
personal information you provide will be used.
NOTE: The privacy practices set forth in
this privacy policy are for this website only.
If you link to other web sites, please review the privacy
policies posted at those sites.
Collection of Information
We collect personally identifiable information, like
names, postal addresses, email addresses, etc., when voluntarily
submitted by our visitors.
This information is
only used to fulfill your specific request, unless you give
us permission to use it in another manner, for example to
add you to one of our mailing lists.
Cookie/Tracking Technology
The Site may use cookie and tracking technology depending
on the features offered. Cookie and tracking technology are
useful for gathering information such as browser type and
operating system, tracking the number of visitors to the Site,
and understanding how visitors use the Site. Cookies can also
help customize the Site for visitors. Personal information
cannot be collected via cookies and other tracking technology,
however, if you previously provided personally identifiable
information, cookies may be tied to such information. Aggregate
cookie and tracking information may be shared with third parties.
Distribution of Information
We may share information with governmental agencies or other
companies assisting us in fraud prevention or investigation.
We may do so when: (1) permitted or required by law; or, (2)
trying to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud
or unauthorized transactions; or, (3) investigating fraud
which has already taken place. The information is not provided
to these companies for marketing purposes.
Commitment to Data Security
Your personally identifiable information is kept secure. Only
authorized employees, agents and contractors (who have agreed
to keep information secure and confidential) have access to
this information. All emails and newsletters from this site
allow you to opt out of further mailings.
Privacy Contact Information
If you have any questions, concerns, or comments about our
privacy policy you may contact us using the information below:
By Email: webmaster@hipaatraining.com
By Phone: 512-402-5963 (USA)
We reserve the right to make changes to this policy. Any
changes to this policy will be posted.
5114 Balcones Woods Dr.
Suite 307, #331
Austin, TX 78759
512-402-5963
info@hipaatraining.com
Company
Home
About Us
Contact Us
Partners
Affiliate Program
PRODUCTS / SERVICES
HIPAA for Healthcare Providers
HIPAA for Mental Health
HIPAA for Business Associates
HIPAA for Insurance Brokers and Agents
HIPAA for Employer Group Health Plans
HIPAA and Texas House Bill 300
Help Me Choose a Product
HIPAA Consulting
Frequently Asked Questions
We accept
© Copyright 2002-2019 HIPAA Training, All Rights Reserved
Privacy Policy
Follow Us