https://www.mkpcap.com/cookie-policy/
Home
OVERVIEW
QUICK FACTS
ABOUT US
MKP’s Story
PRINCIPALS
CORE VALUES
WHAT WE DO
INVESTMENT STRATEGIES
CLIENT SOLUTIONS
CAREERS
CONTACT US
LOGIN
LOGIN
SEI LOGIN
REQUEST ACCOUNT
Cookie Policy
We use cookies in connection with mkpcap.com.  Cookies are small pieces of software that are issued to your computer or device and that store and sometimes track information about your use of the site. This policy explains how we use cookies and other tracking technologies and how you can manage your preference regarding their use. By using mkpcap.com , you consent to our use of cookies as explained below.
TYPES OF COOKIES WE USE
We use cookies for various purposes, which can generally be captured under the following categories: Necessary, Analytics, and Functional.
NECESSARY COOKIES
Most of our cookies are necessary for operation of mkpcap.com or services that you request as an authorized user of mkpcap.com, such as to remember text you may have entered when you navigate back to a page in the same session. These cookies are necessary for the functioning of mkpcap.com, and as such they cannot be disabled.
ANALYTICS COOKIES
As is true of most websites, we and our third-party service providers use cookies that collect information about the performance of mkpcap.com, including how you interact with the website and whether you encountered any errors. These cookies do not gather any personal information and are only used to improve how the website works.
FUNCTIONAL COOKIES
We also use cookies to provide optional features and functionality that you may access on mkpcap.com. For example, a cookie can help us identify whether you have downloaded software in the past that allows you to access documents so that you won’t have to download it again. We use cookies to customize and personalize mkpcap.com based on preferences you may have expressed either directly by selecting an option or setting or indirectly by your prior use.
OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES USED
We and our third-party partners may also employ web beacons or clear gifs (aka web beacons/web bugs), local storage (HTML5 storage) and scripts that help better manage content on mkpcap.com. Web beacons are tiny, clear graphics that are embedded invisibly on web pages. They are used to understand and monitor online movements of users so that we may better understand and improve their experiences on mkpcap.com. In contrast to cookies, which are stored on a user’s computer hard drive, web beacons are not stored on a user’s computer or device. We do not tie the information gathered to your personal information. Local storage functions similarly to cookies and can be managed through your browser settings. Scripts are lines of code embedded in the source of the website that do not store any information on your device, but enable certain features on the website to operate.
THIRD PARTY LINKS
When you click on a link to a third-party web site or other third-party resource, the third party may place a cookie from its own site. We do not control the dissemination of these cookies. You should check the relevant third-party web site for more information about these cookies.
Like other aggregated information from mkpcap.com that does not identify individual authorized users, we may analyze and share non-personal information collected through cookies with third parties (such as our business partners and service providers) in marketing materials and in public disclosures.
MANAGING COOKIES
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies but, if you prefer, you may take certain steps to control the use of cookies by modifying your browser to reject cookies or to notify you whenever a cookie is sent to your hard drive. You can learn more about cookies and ways to manage them at http://www.allaboutcookies.org/ or http://youronlinechoices.eu. Please be aware that restricting cookies on mkpcap.com may impact the functionality and performance of the site.
Comments are closed.
© 2014 MKP Capital Management, L.L.C. (“MKP” or “MKP Capital”).
Information on this website is for informational purposes only and is not an offer or solicitation with respect to the purchase or sale of any security.
SEC registration does not imply any level of skill or training or approval by the SEC. MKP Capital Europe LLP is authorized and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. The investment products and services of MKP Capital Europe LLP are only available to professional investors and market counterparties. They are not available to retail customers. Please see our FCA Policy for MKP Capital Europe LLP’s Pillar 3 risk management, Stewardship Code and Shareholder Rights Directive II disclosures. Please see MKP Capital Europe LLP’s RTS 28 Report for 2019, RTS 28 Report for 2018,
and RTS 28 Report for 2017 for
MiFID II.
All Rights Reserved. Use of this website is governed by the
User Agreement and Cookie Policy.
The content contained on this site is provided to users "AS IS" without any express or implied warranty. For information on your privacy, please read the MKP Capital's
Privacy Notice and MKP Capital Europe LLP's Privacy Notice, as applicable. Past performance is not indicative of future results.
Back to Top
MKP uses cookies on this website. They help us to know a little bit about you and how you use our website, which improves the browsing experience – both for you and for others. They are stored locally on your computer or mobile device. To accept cookies continue browsing as normal. You will see this message only once. For more information and preferences go to the Cookie PolicyConfirm