https://www.steelking.com/steel-king-rack-donation-helps-food-bank-optimize-storage/
News
When Steel King was first approached by a volunteer at Operation Bootstrap to help them optimize their storage space, the answer was an easy “yes”. As the principle food bank for Portage County (where Steel King is headquartered), Operation Bootstrap feeds almost 545 people a day through referrals from social service agencies, community organizers, and school workers. What’s more, the organization is staffed entirely by volunteers, including the executive director and board members, which means that all contributions go directly to helping the community.
With increased unemployment rates due to COVID-19, demand for Operation Bootstrap’s services has increased as well. However, due to supplier shortages related to the pandemic, the organization was facing challenges in purchasing crucial items such as toilet paper, laundry detergent, and dish soap.
“When items have become available, we wanted to have the opportunity to buy more and store it in our warehouse.”, said Cathy, an Operation Bootstrap volunteer. “Our current warehouse had limited space for storage of pallets of food.  We were limited to horizontal storage.”
To help solve this problem, Steel King donated thousands of dollars’ worth of SK2000® pallet rack and wire mesh decking, along with the freight and installation of the product.  The new racking will help Operation Bootstrap to utilize vertical storage in their warehouse, enabling more efficient use of the space and freeing up additional floor space for product storage.
“Operation Bootstrap helps our local community immensely by providing much needed assistance for families with basic needs in crisis situations,” says Dan Wierzba, part of the Inside Sales team at Steel King who helped facilitate the donation. “Working with this organization helps people to realize that there are many, many families in even our somewhat small community who simply don’t have things most others take for granted.”
Posted in Steel King News |
Leave a comment
previous article
next article
Leave a Reply Cancel replyYour email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment Name *
Email *
Website
Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is processed.
Archives Archives
Select Month
December 2020
November 2020
October 2020
September 2020
August 2020
July 2020
June 2020
May 2020
April 2020
March 2020
November 2019
October 2019
July 2019
June 2019
May 2019
March 2019
December 2018
November 2018
October 2018
August 2018
July 2018
June 2018
May 2018
April 2018
March 2018
November 2017
October 2017
January 2017
December 2016
Categories
Case study
Cold storage
Facility Safety
Pallet Rack Solutions
Steel King News
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.