http://www.lightspeed-tek.com/about-us/privacy-policy
×Close
Overview
Sales Consultants
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Careers
Press Room
This privacy policy sets out how Lightspeed Technologies, Inc. uses and protects any information that you give us when you use this website. We will never sell your information.
Lightspeed Technologies, Inc is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
The Severability, Applicable Laws and Disclaimer of Liability sections of Lightspeed’s Terms of Use of its website apply to this Privacy Policy.
This policy does not establish any express or implied contract between you and us. Date and information gathered by us is subject to our privacy policy in effect at the time we use your information. Lightspeed Technologies, Inc. may change this Privacy Notice from time to time. If we make any changes, we will notify you by revising the "Last Updated" date in this Privacy Notice and, in some cases, we may provide you with additional notice (such as adding a statement to our homepage or sending you an email notification). If there are material changes to this Privacy Notice, we will notify you more directly by email or means of a notice on the home page prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to review our Privacy Notice whenever you access Lightspeed’s website to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy.
If you disagree with any changes to this Privacy Notice and do not wish your information to be subject to the revised Privacy Notice, you will need to deactivate with us and stop using Lightspeed's services. Your use of any of the Lightspeed services after the posting of such changes shall constitute your consent to such changes. This policy is effective from 10/31/2009.
We may collect the following information:
Name and job title
Contact information including email address
Demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
Other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
When you use our mobile optimized website or our mobile application, we may receive information about your location and your mobile device, including a unique identifier for your device. Lightspeed and our service providers may use and store this information to provide you with location based services, search results, and other personalized content. Lightspeed will provide notifications only to those customers who accept to receive such notifications. Most mobile devices allow you to control or disable location services in the device's setting's menu. If you have questions about how to disable your device's location services, we recommend you contact your mobile service carrier or the manufacturer of your particular device.
When you visit our website, we may also gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information may include without limitation browser information, Internet Service Provider (ISP), operating system, Internet Protocol (IP) addresses or other device identifiers, location and date/time stamp.
Third parties with whom we work with may also provide us information about you. We may combine information you have given to us with additional information made available by external sources. For example, depending on your settings or the privacy policies for social media and messaging services like Facebook or Twitter, you may give us permission to access information from those accounts or services. Please verify the privacy policies of these third parties before submitting your personal information to them.
You must be at least 16 years old to create an account with Lightspeed. Lightspeed does not knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of 16. Those under age 16 should not use Lightspeed’s website or provide Lightspeed with any personal information. We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children’s Internet usage and if you have reasons to believe that a child under the age of 16 has provided personal information to us, please email us at info@lightspeed-tek.com
What we do with the information we gather:
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customize the website according to your interests.
We will never sell your contact information to another company.
Enable you to access and use our website.
Send you service or support messages, updates, security alerts and account notifications.
Operate, protect, improve and optimize our website, such as by performing analytics and conducting research to assist us in measuring our customer service, benchmarking our performance and to help us improve our product offerings.
Track usage statistics on our website by measuring the relevance of our content and learning about your preferences.
Analyze aggregated customer information with other interactions customers have with Lightspeed.
Monitor store and website traffic and volume.
Where required by law or where we believe it is necessary to protect our legal rights, interests and interests of others, we may use personal information in connection with legal claims, compliance, regulatory and audit purposes.
Where your personal information is anonymized or de-identified, we do not require a legal basis to use it as the information will no longer constitute personal information under the applicable data protection law. Our use of anonymized or de-identified data is not subject to this Policy.
We will keep your personal information only as long as is reasonably necessary for the purposes described in this Policy or such longer period as may be required by applicable law.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. We will disclose your information if necessary to protect our website’s interests and if we determine disclosure is required by law or otherwise necessary for national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance. Your information will be shared with third parties in the event of any merger, consolidation, or sale of all or substantially all of the assets of Lightspeed along with any other asset transferred in such transactions.
Data Subject Rights
The European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation and other countries’ privacy laws provide certain rights for data subjects. A good explanation of them (in English) is available on the website of the United Kingdom’s Information Commissioner’s Office.
This Privacy Notice is intended to provide you with information about what personal data Lightspeed collects about you and how it is used. If you have any questions, please contact us at info@lightspeed-tek.com.
If you wish to confirm that Lightspeed is processing your personal data, or to have access to the personal data Lightspeed may have about you, please contact us at info@lightspeed-tek.com.
You may also request information about: the purpose of the processing; the categories of personal data concerned; who else outside Lightspeed might have received the data from Lightspeed; what the source of the information was (if you didn’t provide it directly Lightspeed); and how long it will be stored. You have a right to correct (rectify) the record of your personal data maintained by Lightspeed if it is inaccurate. You may request that Lightspeed erase that data or cease processing it, subject to certain exceptions. You may also request that Lightspeed cease using your data for direct marketing purposes. In many countries, you have a right to lodge a complaint with the appropriate data protection authority if you have concerns about how Lightspeed processes your personal data. When technically feasible, Lightspeed will—at your request—provide your personal data to you or transmit it directly to another controller.
Reasonable access to your personal data will be provided at no cost upon request made to Lightspeed at info@lightspeed-tek.com. If access cannot be provided within a reasonable time frame, Lightspeed will provide you with a date when the information will be provided. If for some reason access is denied, Lightspeed will provide an explanation as to why access has been denied.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets us know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyze data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
×Close
Thank you for visiting Lightspeed's website!
We've detected that you are using a browser that is unsupported. To optimize your experience, please download the latest version of your browser of choice. If you elect to continue using the site, some functions or features may not be enabled or completed.
Download Updated Browser
www.browsehappy.com