http://www.larcomfg.com/privacy-policy
Privacy PolicyIntroductionThe purpose of our policy is to inform you about the types of information we gather when you visit our website, how we may use that information, whether we disclose it to anyone, and the choices you have regarding our use of the information. The following is the privacy policy for information gathered on ATEK Access Technologies websites (including Datakey, Larco, TankScan and AssetScan brand sites).Collection of InformationNo personally identifiable information other than the public IP address is collected about anonymous visitors who simply browse this website or who download information from it. Aggregate data is only used for internal and marketing analytics and does not provide any personal identity information.Data you provide with consent is held until you withdraw that consent. Submitting voluntary information requires your consent for us to use of the information for the stated purpose. If you participate in a survey, sign up for a newsletter, download content, create a portal profile, purchase something or submit a question, your e-mail address, name, account information and the contents of the e-mail and information volunteered will be collected. Newsletters may contain personally identifiable links that we use to determine individual and aggregate opens, clicked links, etc. Each newsletter contains a special link to opt-out of receiving any future newsletters. Opting out of newsletters does not delete your personal information from our databases.Visitors who request services available through this website may be required to furnish additional information which may be required by law or which is necessary to provide the service requested. We use the personal information we collect about you on the site to provide you with the services you request and to process the transactions you authorize. We may use the information about your use of the site to improve the site and its functionality. We do not sell, trade or rent any of the information we collect for any purpose. We collect the personal information that you provide when completing user registrations, and other forms. This personal information may include your name, company/organization, mailing address, telephone and e-mail address.Cookies and AnalyticsATEK Access Technologies, LLC uses cookies on this site. By using the service, you consent to the use of cookies.What Are CookiesCookies are small text files created by a website you visit. A cookie file is stored in your web browser and allows the website or a third-party to recognize you and keep track of your preferences.Cookies can be "persistent" or "session" cookies.How We Use CookiesWhen you access and use the site, we may place a number of cookies files in your web browser.We use cookies for the following purposes: to enable certain functions of the site, to provide analytics, to store your preferences, to enable advertisements delivery, including behavioral advertising.We use session cookies on the site. Session cookies are erased when the user closes their browser.Third-party cookiesIn addition to our own cookies, we may also use various third-party cookies to report usage statistics of the site, deliver advertisements, and so on.What are your choices regarding cookiesIf you'd like to delete cookies or instruct your web browser to refuse cookies, please visit the help pages of your web browser.Please note, however, that if you delete cookies or refuse to accept them, you might not be able to use all the features the website offers.We also automatically collect and store the following information about your visit:Internet domain and IP address (a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the web) from which you access our website.Type of browser and operating system used to access our site.Date and time, you access our site.Pages you visit.If you came to our website from another website in a link, the address of that website.We will disclose your information, without notice, only as follows:To obey orders of the law or comply with legal process served on us.To protect and defend the rights of property of ATEK Access Technologies and its websites.To act in urgent circumstances to protect ATEK Access Technologies' websites, its employees or the public.Your Access to and Control Over Information You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:·      See what data we have about you, if any.·      Change/correct any data we have about you.·      Have us delete any data we have about you.·      Express any concern you have about our use of your data.Google AdWords & Remarketing AdsWe use Google AdWords Remarketing to advertise across the Internet, in particular, on the Google Display Network.AdWords Remarketing will display ads to you based on what parts of the ATEK ACCESS Technologies, LLC (brands) website you have viewed by placing a cookie on your computer.This cookie does not in any way identify you or give access to your computer or mobile device.The cookie is used to indicate to other websites that “This person visited a particular page, so show them ads relating to that page.”Google AdWords Remarketing allows us to tailor our marketing to better suit your needs and only display ads that are relevant to you.If you do not wish to see personalized ads you can opt out in several ways:Opt out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting Google’s Ads Settings(http://www.google.com/settings/ads).Opt out of a third-party vendor’s use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page(http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp).Web Analytics Services
We use Google Analytics, a service for the marketing analysis of website traffic/visitors. Google Analytics uses cookies to allow us to see how you use our site so we can improve your experience.Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to the site is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use available at:http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html and the Google Privacy Policy available at http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/. You can prevent Google Analytics from recognizing you on return visits to the site by disabling cookies in your browser. If you prefer to not have data reported by Google Analytics, you can install the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on available at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptoutChildrenWe recognize the importance of protecting the privacy of children and we comply fully with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA). We do not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. If a child has provided our website with personally identifiable information, we ask that a parent or guardian contact us and we will delete that information.Registration
In order to submit a question/request or access certain materials on the website, a user must first complete a registration form. During registration, a user is required to provide certain information (such as name, email address and country). This information is used so we, or an authorized representative, can contact you about your question/request or follow-up with you regarding the materials downloaded. Registration also allows you to share additional information, but it is not required.Surveys & Contests
From time-to-time our site may request information via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you may choose whether or not to participate and therefore disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name, email and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code). Contact information will be used to notify winners and award prizes. Survey information is typically used for the purpose of improving products, services and user experience or for market analysisDisclaimerAlthough this site provides links to third-party websites, they are not covered by this Privacy Policy. When you visit one of these linked websites, you are subject to (and encouraged to review) the privacy policy of that website. We do not warrant the accuracy, reliability or timeliness of any information published on ATEK websites, nor endorse any content, viewpoints, products, or services linked from this website, and shall not be held liable for any losses caused by reliance on the accuracy, reliability or timeliness of such information. Portions of such information may be incorrect or not current. Any person or entity that relies on any information obtained from this website does so at his or her own risk.Changes to the PolicyWe reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy at any time. Please check the Policy when you use our site to ensure that you are aware of any changes in our privacy practices. Our Privacy Policy will indicate the date it was last updated.ContactIf you have questions or feedback, please contact us using our website contact form or call 1-218-829-9797.10025 Valley View Road, Suite 190
Eden Prairie, MN 55344
USA
Phone: 1-218-829-9797Last updated: 5/22/2018Our site uses cookies so that we, and our partners, can remember you and understand how you and other visitors use our site as per our Privacy Policy. If you prefer we don't use cookies, please disable them in your browser.Ok