http://www.vendor-showcase.com/privacy-policy
Software CategoriesERPERP SystemsERP VendorsERP Vendor Comparison ChartsERP Modules & Features ListERP RFP TemplatesERP PublicationsERP Experts SurveyBIBI ToolsBI VendorsBI Vendor Comparison ChartsBI RFP TemplatesBI Modules & Feature ListsBI PublicationsCRMCRM Software SolutionsCRM VendorsCRM Vendors Comparison ChartsCRM Modules & Feature ListsCRM Software RFP TemplatesCRM PublicationsHCMHCM Software SolutionsHCM VendorsHCM Vendor Comparison ChartsHCM Modules & Feature ListsHCM RFP TemplatesHCM PublicationsSCMSCM Software SolutionsSCM VendorsSCM Vendor Comparison ChartsSCM Modules & Feature ListsSCM RFP TemplatesSCM PublicationsAll CategoriesResearch ResourcesSoftware Selection ToolsVendor Comparison ChartsSoftware Modules and Features ListsSoftware RFP TemplatesPublicationsSoftware ReviewsIndustry ReportsBuyers GuidesBlog PostsCustomer Satisfaction ReportsCase StudiesVendor White PapersTEC's Decision Making SoftwareTEC CommunityERP Experts SurveyEventsSoftware SelectionServicesAbout Digital TransformationOur ClientsTEC's Decision Making SoftwareAbout UsAbout TECContact UsCampus ProgramCareersLog InCreate Accounten EnglishFrançaisEspañol
×
Get the latest enterprise software news and reviews from TEC.
Sign up today for free access to:
our latest industry news and analysis
detailed software solution reviews
buyer's guides and market research reports
software comparison tools
and more...
*Your E-mail will be your user name
I agree to receive TEC newsletters, E-mail alerts and other relevant E-mails from TEC and other firms contributing to and supporting this free information. I can withdraw my consent at any time.By clicking, I confirm that I have read TEC’s privacy policy and agree with it.
TEC may share my data with their partners.
At any time, I may request access to my data to alter or remove it from your systems.
I can modify my consent on use or restrict access to my data.
Communicate with TEC’s data protection officer here.
Already have a TEC account? Log in here
×
Please sign into your TEC account.
New to TEC?
Create an account now.
Forgotten password?
Send password
×
Please tell us more about yourself so we can send you the most relevant research from our library directly to your inbox.
×
Please enter a valid E-mail Address
Already have a TEC account?
Log in here
TEC Privacy Policy
Introduction
Technology Evaluation Centers Inc is committed to providing its visitors with protection of their personal information. In this privacy policy, Technology Evaluation Centers Inc, its partners and affiliates, which we will refer to as “TEC”, “we” or “us”, will abide by the following terms.
Our website visitors and clientele consists of IT and other professionals, business executives, and CIOs from organizations of every type and size, around the globe, in industries including manufacturing of all types, professional services, retail, distribution and wholesale, health care, energy, financial services, education, and many more.
TEC recognize the importance of protecting personal information and we share your concerns in this respect. This is why we believe that it is important to explain what type of information we collect, the reasons why we collect personal information and when we collect and use it.
Scope of policy and acceptance of terms
The Policy applies to all personal information that we collect through our website or through any communication, such as in any whitepapers, emails or telephone calls. The Policy seeks to govern the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information, regardless of the manner in which it was collected (whether in writing, orally or electronically, through any Website operated by or on behalf of TEC.
Please note that the use of our web site constitutes acceptance of the present Privacy Statement. In addition, by visiting or using TEC’s tool, you indicate that you agree with this Privacy Policy, and you authorize our use of your Personal Information as described in this Privacy Policy. Additional consent may be requested for certain services.
Use of this site by third parties
Some third parties’ embedded plug-ins or other automated technology on our websites, such as cookies or social sharing buttons, allow their operators to learn that you have visited or interacted with our websites, and they combine this information with other, identifiable information they have collected about your visits to other websites or online services. These third parties handle this information, and other information they directly collect through their content and plug-ins, pursuant to their own privacy policies.
Information we collect and use of personal information
Personal information is data that can be used to identify or contact a single person. You may be asked to provide your personal information any time you are in contact with TEC or a TEC-affiliated company. TEC and its affiliates may share this personal information with each other and use it consistently with this Privacy Policy. They may also combine it with other information to provide and improve our products, services, content, and advertising. You are not required to provide the personal information that we have requested, but, if you chose not to do so, in many cases we will not be able to provide you with our products or services or respond to any queries you may have.
We collect or receive information that is provided directly from you (such as when you compare software solutions, etc) or from third party service providers and partners, public and social network sources or cookies and other tracking tools.
Your information may also come from other sources, for example
If you choose to link your TEC account with your LinkedIn profile, we collect information from your profile.
If we receive referrals from users and others.
Here are some examples of the types of personal information TEC may collect:
name, business email address, phone number, physical address
job title and professional details
LinkedIn profile data
billing details
information related to event participation, such as meal preferences and requested accommodations
We may also collect the following information on your company:
company budget
company size
country and/or region
industry model
Collection and use of non-personal information
We also collect data in a form that does not, on its own, permit direct association with any specific individual. We may collect, use, sell, transfer, and disclose non-personal information for any purpose.
The following are some examples of non-personal information that we collect and how we may use it:
We may collect information such as occupation, language, zip code, area code, unique device identifier, referrer URL, location, and the time zone where a TEC service is used so that we can better understand customer behaviour and improve our products, services, and advertising.
We may collect information regarding customer activities on our website. This information is aggregated and used to help us provide more useful information to our customers and to understand which parts of our website, products, and services are of most interest. Aggregated data is considered non personal information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.
We may collect and store details of how you use our services, including search queries. This information may be used to improve the relevancy of results provided by our services. Except in limited instances to ensure quality of our services over the Internet, such information will not be associated with your IP address.
We may collect and store information about your company, ongoing projects, RFIs or RFPs.
If we do combine non-personal information with personal information, the combined information will be treated as personal information for as long as it remains combined.
How we use information we collect
We use and disclose your information as follows:
On the basis of implied or express consent, such as:
To send you certain information, including marketing communications;
To connect you with software vendors or value-added resellers that fit with your software selection requirements – in these instances we may share or sell, with your consent, your personal information with media partners, vendors or value-added resellers;
To customize the content and advertising you see on our websites and apps, across the Internet, and elsewhere;
To identify your geographical location and deliver relevant advertising as a result;
To measure the effectiveness and delivery of advertising;
To collect your information and combine it with previously collected information, used to measure, understand, and report of your usage of content to increase the quality of our services;
To collect and process information about your use of the website to personalise advertising in other context, such as on another website
For our legitimate interests in conducting our business, such as:
To fulfill your requests;
To respond to your questions, concerns, or customer service inquiries;
To otherwise communicate with you about your account;
To carry out certain marketing activities;
To conduct research and analysis, including surveys.
For events:
To publish attendee lists for our events;
To provide relevant information;
To enforce the legal terms that govern our websites;
To create aggregated or anonymized data, which we may use and disclose without restriction.
To comply with applicable laws, protect rights, safety and property, and respond to lawful requests from public authorities (such as disclosing data in appropriate situations for national security or law enforcement purposes); or
To perform a service on behalf of a client who gives us the data.
How long we keep your information
We generally retain your information for two years. Data may persist in copies made for backup and business continuity purposes for additional time. For any of the purposes above, we may share information with other members of our corporate family. We may also share your information with third-party service providers that perform services on our behalf.
Choices about use of your information
We believe it is important to give you choices about the use of your information. We will use your information as described in this Policy (or any other event- or service-specific Privacy Policy). If we want to use your information for a purpose not described in this Policy, we will first get your consent to do so.
Marketing communications
We will respect your wishes not to receive marketing communications. You can change your marketing preferences through your account preferences or by contacting us here. If you gave us your email address to receive marketing communications, you can opt out at any time by using the unsubscribe links or instructions included at the bottom of our emails. Please note that we will continue to send you service-related communications regardless of any opt-out request. We will not sell or share your information with third parties (other than our subsidiaries or affiliates) for their own promotional or marketing purposes unless you give us consent to do so and where permitted by applicable law.
Do not track
TEC does not track its customers over time and across third party websites to provide targeted advertising and therefore does not respond to Do Not Track (DNT) signals.
Other Websites
To provide increased value to you, we provide links to other websites or resources that are not part of the products, programs, or services run by TEC. We do not control these websites or their privacy practices, and any information you provide to these sites is subject to the Privacy Policies of those sites and not this Policy.
Children
Our websites and apps deliver business-related content and are specifically aimed at and designed for use by adults. We do not knowingly solicit or collect information from or about individuals under the age of 18 years.
Changes to this privacy policy
We may change this Privacy Policy to reflect changes in the law, our data-handling practices, or the features of our services or website. The updated Privacy Policy will be posted on this website. If we make material changes to this Policy, we will provide a more prominent notice.
Information security
We have implemented administrative, technical, and physical security measures to help prevent unauthorized access. Despite these measures, no data transmission over the Internet can be entirely secure, and we cannot and do not guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit via our websites.
We make efforts to restrict access to information to only those employees, contractors, and agents who need such access in order to operate, develop, improve, or deliver our products, and services.
You are responsible for activity conducted with your credentials. To help us protect your privacy, you must ensure the secrecy of your user identification and password.
International data transfers
TEC is based in Canada. Depending on your country of residence, when you provide information to us, we will transfer that information to our facilities in Canada. The recipients of the information disclosures described in the “How We Use and Disclose Your Information” section of this Privacy Policy (above) may be located in Canada or elsewhere in the world. Privacy laws in these countries may not provide protections equivalent to those of your country of residence, and your government may or may not deem such protections adequate.
Access to your information
In some cases, you may directly access your online profiles and other personal details and amend, update, add, or delete information yourself by logging into the relevant portions of our websites and apps.
Your rights and preferences
You have the right to request access to information we hold about you, ask us to correct or complete any information that may be inaccurate, and/or ask us to block or delete such information and object to the processing of information (within the limits of applicable law). In situations where we process your information on behalf of our clients, we may refer the request to the relevant client and cooperate with their handling of the request, subject to any special contractual arrangement with that client.
To access, correct, or raise inquiries about your information in our possession, please use the following
form or contact our privacy officer.
Contact us
If you have any questions, concerns or complaints about TEC’s personal data practices, please contact our privacy officer at privacy@tec-centers.com or contact:
General Counsel
300-1000 de Sérigny,
Longueuil, QC J4K 5B1
We may require you to prove your identity with approved identification before fulfilling your request.
This version of the privacy policy has been last updated on September 3, 2020.
Interested in a better way to make software decisions?
Give us a call now: 1-800-496-1303 ext:404
Software Requirements Sets and Comparison Reports
Click here to leverage the experience of our 360 degree industry perspective