http://www.reade.com/about-us/legal
Select LanguageEnglishFrenchItalianPortugueseSpanish
PRODUCTS
SERVICES
Global Sourcing
Custom Toll Processing
Custom Toll Packaging
RFQ
ABOUT
History
Quality At READE
SDVOSB
Leadership
Responsible Care
FAQs
Terms & Conditions of Sale
Legal
Careers
NEWS
Tools
Particle Measurement
Reference/Educational
Manufacturers List
Document Library
CONTACT
PRODUCTS
SERVICES
Global Sourcing
Custom Toll Processing
Custom Toll Packaging
RFQ
ABOUT
History
Quality At READE
SDVOSB
Leadership
Responsible Care
FAQs
Terms & Conditions of Sale
Legal
Careers
NEWS
Tools
Particle Measurement
Reference/Educational
Manufacturers List
Document Library
CONTACT
Select LanguageEnglishFrenchItalianPortugueseSpanish
Legal
READE SuperSite Disclaimer
READE Legal Disclaimer Notice
Trademark / Tradename Acknowledgements
Privacy Policy
READE SuperSite Disclaimer
Quality of Information
Reade International Corp., dba: Reade Advanced Materials (referred to on this website as 'READE'), endeavors on a “best efforts” basis to ensure that information provided on this website and in online RSS newsfeeds or newsletters is correct at the time of its publication.
However, we strongly urge you to obtain independent advice before making any decision based on the information on this website. The information on this site is made available on the understanding that READE, their servants and agents, to the extent permitted by law, accepts no responsibility for any damage, cost, loss or expense incurred by you as a result of:
any error, omission or misrepresentation on this site
any malfunction or failure to function of this site
without limiting the above, any delay, failure or error in recording, displaying or updating information, including but not limited to, data relating to credit holdings.
Where there are known limitations to the information provided online, we will include an explanation of these limitations wherever possible. If there is any material that you consider to be misleading or inaccurate, please let us know by email at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. or by snail mail and it will be corrected as soon as possible.
Your Responsibilities
If you use any electronic / digital services offered on the READE website, you should understand that:
While we use our best endeavors to ensure the availability of these services, they cannot be guaranteed.
It is your responsibility to use other means to exercise your statutory responsibilities or obtain information if for any reason you are unable to use an electronic service.
If you use alternative means to exercise your statutory responsibilities due to the unavailability of an electronic service, it is your responsibility to do so within the statutory timeframe.
We recommend that you ensure current anti-virus software is operating on your computer at all times.
Linked Sites
This website contains links to other websites (linked sites). These links have been included on the READE site at no cost to you and with the intention of increasing the background information available to you. If you use these links, you may leave this website. READE has no control over linked sites, and as a result:
we cannot accept responsibility or liability for any loss, damage, cost or expense you might incur if you rely on information which appears on linked sites
when you visit a linked site, you will be subject to the privacy policy of that site. You will no longer be protected by the privacy policy of the READE site
we are not responsible for the views, opinions, standards or information expressed on linked sites. The provision of a link does not imply that READE endorses those sites or the people or companies who own them, and vice versa.
Search Engines
The search engines provided on this website are to assist internet users to locate useful resources more quickly. However READE takes no responsibility for the accuracy, currency, reliability or correctness of search results, and does not warrant or represent that the search engines are free from errors or omission, or that they are exhaustive.
READE Legal Disclaimer Notice
For Your Protection, Please Read These Terms Carefully Before Using This Site
1) All information contained in this website is provided AT NO CHARGE by Reade Advanced Materials (READE), a fictitious business name of Reade International Corp. headquartered in East Providence, RI, USA, and believed on a "best efforts basis" to be reliable, but not guaranteed by Reade Advanced Materials and no warranty of any kind is made with respect thereto. The information in this website may be viewed, printed and distributed subject to the following conditions. By downloading any materials from this website, you agree to the following terms. If you do not agree to them, do not use this website or download any materials from it.a) Copyright 1997 by: Reade Advanced Materials; P. O. Box 15039; 850 Waterman Avenue; East Providence, RI, U. S. A. 02915-0039, All rights reserved.b) The documents may be used for informational purposes only.c) The documents may only be used for noncommercial purposes.d) Any copy of this document or portion thereof must include the above copyright notice.2) Since READE cannot anticipate all conditions under which this information and our products, or the products of other manufacturers in combination with our products may be used, READE makes no warranty, whether expressed or implied, including warranties of merchantability or of fitness for a particular purpose for the products described in this website. No statements or recommendations contained in the READE website or hard copy product descriptions or quotations are to be construed as inducements to infringe any relevant permit, patent, or trademark, now or hereafter in existence. Under no circumstances shall READE be liable for incidental, consequential or other damages from alleged negligence, breech of warranty, strict liability or any other theory, arising out of the use or handling of the products we sell.3) READE accepts no responsibility for results obtained by the application of information cited in the website at <http://www.reade.com> or the safety and suitability of our products, either alone or in combination with other products.4) READE reserves the right to make changes- without notification to customers- to materials or processing that do not affect compliance with any applicable specification that has been agreed to in advance by both parties. Any stated READE specification is subject to change without notice.5) This information is not intended as a license to operate under or a recommendation to practice or infringe any patent or trademark of this company or others. We assume no liability for customer's violation of patent or other rights. The customer should make his own patent investigation relating to his proposed use.6) Users are strongly urged to make their own tests to determine the safety and suitability of each such product or product combination for their own purposes.7) We urge you to utilize our Material Safety Data Sheet (MSDS) Hyperlink Library in this website. On a "best efforts basis", it offers direct hyperlinks to other external websites offering access to CDC, NIOSH or MSDS product safety documents for numerous of our inorganic and organic specialty chemicals.8) Unless otherwise agreed in writing by READE, we sell the products without warranty, and buyers and users assume all responsibility and liability for loss or damage arising from the handling and use of products purchased from READE, whether used alone or in combination with other products. Read our Terms of Conditions of Sale.9) WARNING: These pages are for general reference and educational purposes only and MUST NOT ever be used to determine regulatory compliance or relied upon where matters of life and health are concerned. This site and the author do not warrant or guarantee the accuracy or the sufficiency of the information provided and do not assume any responsibility for its use.10) To ensure regulatory compliance when transporting hazardous materials or dangerous goods, one must receive proper training and certification from a qualified instructor and refer to a copy of the current year's Code of Federal Regulations Title 49 (49CFR) or your country's shipping regulations. When shipping hazardous cargo by air, one should refer to IATA regulations. In matters regarding workplace safety, one should refer to current OSHA regulations (29CFR) and NIOSH guidelines or your own country's health and safety regulations. No one should ever enter into a hazardous environment without proper training from qualified instructors.
Trademark / Tradename Acknowledgements
The following product Trademarks and registered Trade Names, owned by others, are mentioned only for reference purposes within the Reade Advanced Materials (READE) SuperSite.
To the best of our knowledge they are marks of their respective owners, which are acknowledged and publicly stated by READE on a "best efforts basis".
If you are aware of any synonyms listed in the READE SuperSite that are registered Trademarks or Trade Names, please contact our Webmaster with relevant information so that the Trademarks and / or Trade Names can be appropriately updated below. Thank you.
Trademark Name--(Owner)
AlBeMet-- Brush Wellman, Inc.
Alcoa-- Aluminum Company of America
Almeg-- U. S. Granules
Alon-- Surmet Corporation
AlNel-- Advanced Refractory Technologies
Alundum-- Saint Gobain / Norton
Alulight-- Alulight International GmbH
Amdry-- Alloy Metals, Inc.
American Tripoli-- American Tripoli, Incorporated
Ancor-- Hoeganaes Corporation
Ancorsteel-- Hoeganaes Corporation
Atomet-- Quebec Metal Powders
Aveka-- Aveka, Inc.
Bayferrox-- Mobay Corporation
Baytubes-- Bayer MaterialScience AG
Berylco-- NGK Metals Corporation
BLACK BEAUTY-- Harsco Technologies Corporation
Blastite-- Washington Mills Corporation
Carpenter-- Carpenter Technology Corporation
Catapal-- Condea Vista Company
Cerac-- Cerac Incorporated
Ceralox-- Ceralox Corporation
Delcrome-- Haynes International
Deloro-- Deloro Stellite Company, Inc.
Disperal-- Condea Vista Co.
Dow-- Dow Chemical Co.
Durafibre-- Cargill Limited
Durafill-- Cargill Limited
Duralum-- Washington Mills Electro Minerals Corp.
Ecomass-- Ideas to Market, L.P.
Elkem-- Elkem Metals Company
Envirostrip-- Canning Gumm Inc.
Ferro-Tic-- Alloy Technology International, Inc. / Pacific Sintered Metals
Fleka- Nippon Sheet Glass Co. Ltd.
Flextron- WTL International Ltd
GE-- General Electric Co.
Hastelloy-- Haynes International Inc.
HyMu "80"-- Carpenter Technology Corporation
Inconel-- Inco Alloys International, Inc.
Invar-- Carpenter Technology Corp.
Kennametal-- Kennametal Inc.
Kovar-- Carpenter Technology Corp.
Microglas-- Nippon Sheet Glass Co., Ltd.
Micronal- BASF Aktiengesellschaft
Microwire-- National Semiconductor Corp.
Min-U-Sil-- U.S. Silica Company
Mirex-- Mitsubishi Steel Mfg. Co.
Monel -- Inco Alloys International, Inc.
NanoCrystal-- NanoSystems Inc. / Elan Corp.
NanoGard-- Nanophase Technologies Corp.
Nanogel- Cabot Corporation
Nanom-- Frontier Carbon Corporation
NanoMaterials-- NanoMaterials, Inc.
Nanomer-- Nanocor, Inc.
Nanosys-- Nanosys, Inc.
NanoTek-- Nanophase Technologies Corp.
Nichrome-- Harrison Alloys
Nimonic-- Inco Alloys International Inc.
Nistelle-- Haynes International
Nitinol-- Crucible Research, LLC
Novamet-- Novamet Specialty Products
Permalloy-- B&D Industrial & Mining Services, Inc.
Permanickel-- Inco Alloys Inc.
POSS-- Hybrid Plastics Inc.
Qbeads -- Quantum Dot Corporation
READE-- Reade Metals & Minerals Corp.
REAl-- Containerless Research Inc.
Reed Minerals-- Harsco Technologies Corporation
Rene'-- GE
Rene'-- Teledyne Allvac
Resistic-- Alloy Technology International, Inc.
Responsible Care-- American Chemistry Council (ACC)
Sil-Co-Sil-- U. S. Silica Company
Silflake-- Handy & Harmon
Silpowder-- Handy & Harmon
Snow*Tex-- U. S. Silica Company
Standard Reference Materials-- National Institute of Standards & Technology (NIST)
Stelcar-- Haynes International
Stellite-- Deloro Stellite Company, Inc.
Synsil-- Minerals Technologies, Inc.
Trade Process Network -- GE / Thomas Register
Tribaloy-- Haynes International
Tristelle-- Haynes International
Trona-- Kerr-McGee Chemical Corp.
Tullanox-- Tulco, Inc.
Udimet alloys-- Special Metals Corp.
Ultimet-- Aluminum Company of America
Ultram-- Ultram International
Waspaloy-- United Technologies Corp.
____________
Useful Trademark & Patent Links:
United States Trademark Office
IBM Intellectual Property Network
Trademark Law Resources
American Intellectual Property Association
International Trademark Association
PTO Patent Search System
Privacy Policy
Introduction:
This is the corporate website of Reade Advanced Materials (READE®). Our headquarters postal address is: Post Office Drawer 15039 in Riverside, Rhode Island 02915-0039 USA. We can be reached by telephone at: +1.401.433.7000 or via e-mail at: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it..This document describes READE®'s policy regarding information received about you during your visits to this web site. The amount and type of information received depends on how you use our site. We take reasonable steps to see that it is followed within our company.Vision Statement:READE® is committed to respecting your privacy. We recognize your need for reasonable control of personally identifiable information that you share with READE®. Personally identifiable information is any information that is associated with your name.Normal Web Site Usage:You can visit READE®'s web site to read product, company, general reference and useful information, or to use our on-line tools, without telling us who you are and without revealing any personal information.The only information we collect (received monthly from our Internet service provider (ISP)) and store during normal web site usage is the name of your ISP, the web site that referred you to us, the pages you requested and the date and time of those requests.From time to time we also might collect information volunteered by the visitor to our site, such as survey information, sweepstakes entries and/or site registrations. READE® uses this information to better understand your needs and provide you with better service. "Cookies" are not utilized by READE® to track users other than to provide functionality within site functions.Accuracy:READE® strives to keep your personally identifiable information accurate. We are working to give you the ability to review your information and update it if necessary.Security:READE® is committed to ensuring the security of your personal information. Internet users may decide to send READE® personally identifying information, for example, in an e-mail message containing information about your requested product or service.There are instances where READE® requests personally identifiable information to provide the web site visitor a service or correspondence like mailed product information and news announcements.This information, such as name, mailing address, e-mail address, type of request and possibly additional information, is collected and stored in a manner appropriate to the nature of the data by READE® and is used to fulfill your request.Choice:READE® will not sell your personally identifiable information to others. Currently READE® may share your information with our business partners directly related to your transaction. READE® is committed to giving you the choice of whether or not we use your information for purposes such as direct marketing.If you tell us by any form of written communication that the information should not be used as a basis for further contact, we will respect your request.If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending an e-mail to us at the above address or to This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.. Tell us in that email message that you do not want to receive any future e-mail from our READE® by writing "Remove" or "Unsubscribe" in the subject line.Oversight:READE® supports industry self-regulation efforts. If you have comments or questions about our privacy policy, use this e-mail address: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it..Comment:We reserve the right to change our Privacy Policy. A revised Privacy Policy will only apply to data collected subsequent to its effective date. Any revisions will be posted at least 30 days prior to its effective date.Effective Date:
24 September 1998
Connect With Us
Call READE First!
Call READE First!
Products
Request a Quote
Global Sourcing
FAQs
Contact Us
News
Particle Measurement
Document Library
©2020 Reade International Corp.,
PO Drawer 15039 Riverside, RI 02915 USA (401) 433-7000 | This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. | Site Map