http://www.thyssenkrupp-elevator.com/en/legal-notes.html
Skip Navigation
Home
Legal notes
Data protectionThe contents of the website are made available by TK Elevator GmbH, so that website visitors can read information about the product range of TK Elevator GmbH and our company. The handling of personal data of the site visitors follows the strict requirements of the GDPR.We take the protection of your privacy when using our website very seriously as this important to us. In the following we are pleased to inform you about the collection of personal data.Collection and processing of personal dataIn general, you can visit the website of TK Elevator GmbH on an anonymous basis, i.e. without informing us of who you are. When you visit our website, our web servers in Germany save as standard the IP address of your internet service provider via which you access our website, the site from which you access our website and the files you access from us, as well as the date of your visit and general information about your browser. These data are processed to ensure the security of the web server and to adapt the output of the information retrieved to your output medium (e.g. your phone. laptop or other device). These data are only analyzed in anonymized form for statistical purposes.Personal data is stored and processed only if you provide us with this information, e.g. when completing a contact form or registering for personalized services. On the respective website you will be informed about the intended use and, if necessary, your consent to the storage and processing requested. Disclosure will only take place at thyssenkrupp Elevator companies and service providers affiliated with us, for example to send you the requested written information. Of course, all service providers are committed to data secrecy and confidentiality. A transfer to other third parties does not take place. Your data is always encrypted before transmission and processing to protect this data against unauthorized accessCookiesCookies are text files that are stored on your computer or other end device. The use of cookies helps us to analyze your website usage, to improve services and products offered, to improve security and to prevent fraud. We differentiate between various cookies:• Session cookies are temporary cookie files that are automatically deleted when you close your browser.• Persistent cookies are cookie files that are stored until they are actively deleted or automatically removed after a certain amount of time.• First-party cookies are cookies that are set directly by us.• Third party cookies are cookies set by a third partyCookies can be used for different purposes.• Functional cookies are used to provide you with standard services on our pages. Without the use of cookies, our website may work only very limited and possibly incorrect.• Optimization cookies enable us to analyze the use of our website. If you have not consented to the use of your personal data for this purpose, this will be anonymous. The analysis helps us to improve our services and offered products and services.• Personalization cookies allow us to determine your personal preferences, such as your preferred language. We use these cookies to improve usability and offer you a customized experience.• Security-relevant cookies are cookies that are necessary to protect the website against attacks and to prevent fraudOn individual pages, personal data may be stored in cookies if you have previously expressly consented to such, e.g. to not have to re-enter access data. In principle, you can also access all information on our website if you have deactivated cookies in your Internet browser. If you do not accept cookies, this may result in functional limitations of our offers.On our website we use the cookies listed in the list below.Google AnalyticsThis website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. ("Google"). The information generated by cookies about your use of this website is usually transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there. This happens anonymously. Your IP address will be anonymized on the web server before being sent to Google. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be sent to a Google server in the US and anonymized there. On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on website activity and to provide other services related to website activity and internet usage to the website operator. The anonymized IP address provided by Google Analytics within the framework of Google Analytics will not be merged with other data provided by Google. You can prevent the storage of cookies by a corresponding setting of your browser software; however, please note that if you do this, you may not be able to use all the features of this website to the fullest extent possible. You can prevent the collection by Google Analytics by clicking on the following link. An opt-out cookie will be set to prevent future collection of your information when you visit this site: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. For more information about Terms of Use and Privacy, please visit https://policies.google.com. We point out that on this website Google Analytics has been extended by the code "anonymizeIp" to ensure an anonymous collection of IP addresses (so-called IP-Masking).Contact FormTo respond to your request TK Elevator GmbH will process the following personal data if provided in the contact form: form of address, first name, last name, email, street, zip code, town/city, telephone number and content of your request. We will forward your personal data to recipients where this is necessary to meet your request. The legal basis for processing your personal data depends on your request and may take the form of a contract with you (Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR), your consent (Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR) or our legitimate interests in providing you with a good service based on a balance of interests (Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR). We are supported in the operation of our contact form by our IT service providers as order processors. We will process your data – where processing is based on your consent – until your consent is withdrawn or – where processing is based on a balance of interests – until you object to this or your request has been completed. Unless you provide the data required to contact you and to understand and process your request, we will not be able to process your request. All other information is optional. This service is only for persons over the age of 18.If we process your personal data on the basis of your consent (Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR), you can withdraw this consent at any time for the future. If we process your personal data on the basis of a balance of interests (Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR), you can object to this at any time for the future.In addition we process the referrer information in connection with use of the contact form (Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR), which is erased after 4 weeks at the latest. It is technically not possible to use the contact form without collecting this information.Your data protection rightsYou have the right to information about the personal data in question and the right to rectification, erasure, restriction of processing and data portability, and in the case of processing in accordance with Art. 6 (1) (e) and (f) GDPR the right to object to processing. Insofar as you have provided us with your consent to process your personal data in accordance with Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR or Art. 9 (2) (a) GDPR, you can withdraw this consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on your consent prior to its withdrawal. You have the right to complain to the supervisory authority.Responsible and data protection officerResponsible for the collection and processing of personal data is:
TK Elevator GmbH
thyssenkrupp Allee 1
45143 Essen
Telefon: +49 201 844 0
E-Mail: info.elevator@thyssenkrupp.comYou can reach our data protection officer at:
TK Elevator GmbH
Data protection officer
thyssenkrupp Allee 1
45143 Essen
E-Mail: dpo.elevator@thyssenkrupp.comScope and amendments to this privacy statementThis privacy statement applies exclusively to the use of our website. It does not apply to the websites of other service providers to which we provide a link. We accept no responsibility or liability for third-party statements and guidelines with no connection to our website.We reserve the right to amend these data privacy rules from time to time in accordance with future changes relating to the collection and processing of personal data.
Intellectual property and rights of useThe content including pictures and the design of the TK Elevator GmbH website are subject to copyright protection and other laws for the protection of intellectual property. This website does not grant any license to use the intellectual property owned by companies of the thyssenkrupp Elevator Group. In particular, duplication, distribution, reproduction, transmission, processing, modification, or any other use of the content on this website for commercial purposes without written permission from TK Elevator GmbH is not permitted.
TrademarksUnless otherwise indicated, all of the trademarks used on the TK Elevator GmbH websites are protected by trademark law and may not be used without written permission from TK Elevator GmbH. The same applies to company logos and signs.
LiabilityThe information that TK Elevator GmbH presents to you on this website is compiled and updated periodically. Despite the utmost care, we cannot guarantee the content of this website to be free of errors. There is no warranty of merchantability, no warranty of fitness for a particular use, and no other warranty of any kind, express or implied, regarding the information or any aspect of this website. The content does not constitute a pledge or guarantee with regard to our products, especially concerning their marketability or their contractual suitability for a specific purpose. Any forward-looking statements on our website are based solely on opinions, (preliminary) estimates, or assumptions on the part of management at TK Elevator GmbH. As such, they are subject to risks and uncertainties. TK Elevator GmbH is not obliged to update such forward-looking statements. TK Elevator GmbH reserves the right to undertake alterations or additions to the information or data provided at all times without further notice.This website references third-party providers, in some cases by means of hyperlinks. thyssenkrupp Elevator has no influence over the content of third-party websites. For this reason, TK Elevator GmbH disclaims all liability regarding the content and data protection practices of the third-party websites to which it links. Before you use third-party websites, we recommend that you review the relevant terms and conditions and data protection provisions of said providers.
thyssenkrupp Elevator
Home
Products
Press
Career
Contact
Local contact
Local websites
Follow us
Facebook
Twitter
Youtube
LinkedIn
thyssenkrupp Elevator © 2020
Sitemap
Imprint
Legal Notes
Share
Facebook
Twitter
Gplus
Mail