http://www.budgetstockphoto.com/privacy_policy.html
BudgetStockPhoto.com
Menu
BudgetStockPhoto.com
320+ Photo Sites Listed and Reviewed:
PD
CC0
Creative Commons
Free Photos
Microstock
Premium Images
news updates and agency coupons > twitter
email updates > feedburner
facebook     subscribe for discounts
Privacy Policy
We respect your right to privacy. None of the information we collect
is passed on to other parties, except when required as part of the
business services we provide for you, or as required under Australian law.
Data Collection
We collect no data about you save for that captured by a cookie to provide us with anonymous information about site navigation.
Cookies
Cookies are small pieces of text information created by websites and stored on your computer. We only use cookies to provide us with anonymous information about site navigation.  No
other information is stored in cookies, and cookies are not used for
any other purpose. You should also be aware that whilst the above
paragraph describes our use of cookies, some advertisers on this site
may also collect data using cookies. The use of cookies and/or web
beacons to collect data is used in the ad serving process. We do not
have access to this data. Google uses the DART cookie to serve ads to
our users based on their previous visits to our sites and other sites
on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by
visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
Visitor Tracking
We use remarketing to advertise to our site visitors. Anonymous data regarding the pages you visit on this website other websites is collected using a third party service “Google Analytics” via cookies and similar tracking technologies. We may use the “Google Ad Network” and similar services to display ads to you based on your interests as defined by pages you visited. No personally identifiable information is used in this marketing.
You can opt-out of the use of google’s cookies and read more out Google’s privacy policy at google.com/privacy_ads.html
Protection
We will not retain any details that you provide, except for your email address if you contact us and this will never be disclosed to third parties.
Customers are free to opt out of the news services by following the
instructions on the bottom of each news email if subscribed to, we use feedburner from google to provide this service.
Links
This website
contains links to other websites. Please be aware that We are not
responsible for the privacy practices of other websites. We encourage
you, when you leave this website, to read the privacy
statements/policies of each and every website you visit, as this
particular privacy policy applies solely to this particular website.
Free DOWNLOAD
The 2020 Edition of our Photo Resource Book listing the best of Free and Paid Stock Image Libraries:
more...
SPONSOR links
LATEST DISCOUNT NEWS
Recieve freebies and special offers direct to your inbox.
Coupon Codes from the top image agencies.
Convenient comparisons, listings & more...
A trusted and reliable resource for 1000's of creative people.
See full details
Useful Info
Confused by the terms used in the stock photography business?
Glossary of terms
Updates & Contact
Twitter (@bstockphoto)
News Email   (via feedburner)
RSS Subscribe
Contact Us
Add / Report a listing