https://www.otstores.co.uk/page/shopping_terms_conditions
Log in to your account
Basket:
0 items
| £0.00								| View basket | Checkout
Home
Products
Shopping Help
Delivery
Hints & Tips
About
Professionals
My Account
Contact
Where am I?
Home
Shopping Help Shopping Terms & Conditions
In This Section:
VAT exemption
Shopping Terms & Conditions
Delivery information
Returns & refunds
Security policy & privacy
Terms & Conditions
How To Order
How To Pay
Useful Links
Guarantee
Shopping Terms & Conditions
Welcome to OT Stores™ retail website terms and conditions for use. OT Stores™ is a trading name of OTS Ltd. These terms and conditions apply to the use of this website and by accessing this website and/or placing an order you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions set out below. If you do not agree to be bound by these terms and conditions you may not use or access this website.
Before you place an order, if you have any questions relating to these terms and conditions please contact our Customer Service team by email at sales@otstores.co.uk or call us on 0845 260 7061 Monday-Friday between 09.00 and 17.00.
(Please note that we have further Terms and Conditions for our Trade Customers- contact us for a copy if you are a professional/ trade buyer)
Guarantees
At OT Stores™ we are committed to providing excellent service. You are welcome to contact us with your comments; we need to know where we can improve our service and products, and will do all we can to put things right for you if things did not reach your expectations. We will respond to all queries within two working days.
Every product we sell is fully guaranteed for a year and some products are supported by an extended guarantee; if an extended guarantee is offered the guarantee period will be displayed within the product information.
The Contract Between Us
To place an order with us you must be over 18. Your order is accepted once your goods have been despatched by us. We may not be able to accept your order, or part of your order, due to one of the following reasons:
your payment failed to authorise or in the case of cheques is returned unpaid
we made a pricing or product description error
a product is out of stock or otherwise unavailable
we feel that you are not using our website responsibly.
If there are any problems with an order, you will be contacted by one of our Customer Services team to provide a full explanation and to attempt to find the best resolution.
Price
The prices payable for products that you order are as set out in our website.
You may be required to pay extra for delivery and it might not be possible for us to deliver to some locations. Our delivery charges are set out during the order process.
Amend or cancel an order
If you wish to change or cancel an order contact our Customer Services team on 0845 260 7061 between 08.30 and 17.00 Monday to Friday. Please have to hand the order number and date the order was placed.
Cancellation by us
We reserve the right to cancel the contract between us if:
We have insufficient stock to deliver the products you have ordered. If this is the case, we will contact you to advise of an availability date or to offer you a substitute product;
we do not deliver to your area; or
one or more of the products you ordered was listed at an incorrect price due to a typographical error.
If we do cancel your contract we will notify you at the earliest opportunity and will re-credit to your account any sum deducted by us from your credit card as soon as possible but in any event within 7 working days of the cancellation. We will not be obliged to offer any additional compensation for disappointment suffered.
VAT exemption
Supplies of goods can only be zero-rated when all three of the following conditions are met:
a) the customer is eligible to purchase supplies at zero rate
b) the goods are for the personal or domestic use of the customer
c) the goods and services are eligible to be supplied at the zero rate
Click here for further details on VAT exemption and the above conditions
A VAT declaration (where applicable) must be made at the time of placing your order and cannot be declared and claimed retrospectively.
Delivery of products to you
We will deliver the products ordered by you to the address you give us for delivery at the time you make your order. It is, however, your responsibility to provide us with accurate delivery address details.
You will become the owner of the products you have ordered when they have been delivered to you. Once products have been delivered to you they will be held at your own risk and we will not be liable for their loss or destruction.
Returns & refunds
We pride ourselves on our attention to quality products and excellent service. However, should you, for any reason wish to return any goods to us, we will refund the items under our "No Quibble Returns Policy" provided they are unused and returned in their original packaging within 10 days of receipt. (Original packaging includes outer box)
To discuss and arrange return of goods you are required to contact Customer Services at info@otstores.co.uk or telephone 0845 260 7061.
OT Stores™ reserve the right to charge for all carriage costs incurred. If you request we arrange collection of the goods, the return carriage, administration and re-stocking charge will be applicable. We recommend this return method if ramps, chairs, wheelchairs or other high value goods are involved.
If you prefer, you can arrange the return of certain goods yourself. You must ensure you return the goods by a safe method of transport, appropriately packaged to eliminate risk of damage; we suggest using a service that requires a signature on receipt.
The following return address must be displayed on the outer packaging:-
OTS Ltd (OT Stores)
Maple Court
Unit 16
Bishops Frome Technology Park
Bishops Frome
WR6 5AY
Upon receipt and inspection of the goods we will arrange a credit refund for the product cost as appropriate
Liability on receipt of damaged goods or goods in error
If the products we deliver are not what you ordered, are damaged or defective, the delivery is of an incorrect quantity, or if you do not receive the products ordered we shall have no liability to you other than as set out below. On notifying us of a problem under this clause, our obligation will be:
to make good any shortage or non-delivery;
to supply and deliver substitute products if your original choice cannot be delivered for any reason;
to replace any products that are damaged or defective;
to refund to you the amount paid by you for the products in question
Save as precluded by law, we will not be liable to you for any indirect or consequential loss, damage or expenses (including loss of profits, business or goodwill) howsoever arising out of any problem you notify to us under this condition and we shall have no liability to pay any money to you by way of compensation other than to refund to you the amount paid by you for the products in question
Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in these Terms and Conditions is intended to limit any rights you might have as a consumer under applicable local law or other statutory rights that may not be excluded nor in any way to exclude or limit our liability to you for any death or personal injury resulting from our negligence.
Intellectual Property
The content of this website is protected by copyright, trademarks, database right and other intellectual property rights. You may not reproduce, modify, copy or distribute or use for commercial purposes any of the materials or content on this website without written permission from a director of OT Stores™
Your Use of this Website
You may not use this website for any of the following purposes:
disseminating any unlawful, harassing, libellous, abusive, threatening, harmful, vulgar, obscene or otherwise objectionable material or otherwise breaching any laws;
transmitting material that encourages conduct that constitutes a criminal offence, or otherwise breaches any applicable laws, regulations or codes of practice;
interfering with any other person’s use or enjoyment of the website;
making, transmitting or storing electronic copies of materials protected by copyright or other intellectual property right without the proper permission.
You will be responsible for our losses and costs resulting from your breach of this clause.
Our Right to Suspend or Cancel your Registration
We may suspend or cancel your registration immediately at our reasonable discretion or if you breach any of your obligations under these Terms and Conditions.
The suspension or cancellation of your registration and your right to use this website shall not affect either party’s statutory rights or liabilities.
Third party links
To provide increased value to our users, we may provide links to other websites or resources for you to access at your sole discretion. You acknowledge and agree that, as you have chosen to enter the linked website we are not responsible for the availability of such external sites of resources, and do not review or endorse and are not responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for (i) the privacy practices of such websites, (ii) the content of such websites, including (without limitation) any advertising, content, products, goods or other materials or services on or available from such websites or resources or (iii) the use which others make of these websites or resources, nor for any damage, loss or offence caused or alleged to be caused by, or in connection with, the use of or reliance on any such advertising, content, products, goods or other materials or services available on such external websites or resources.
Events beyond our control
We shall have no liability to you for any failure to deliver products you have ordered or any delay in doing so or for any damage or defect to products delivered that is caused by any event or circumstance beyond our reasonable control including, without limitation to, strikes, lock-outs and other industrial disputes, breakdown of systems or network access, flood, fire, explosion or accident.
Invalidity
If any part of these Terms and Conditions is unenforceable (including any provision in which we exclude our liability to you) the enforceability of any other part of these conditions will not be affected.
Privacy
You acknowledge and agree to be bound by the terms of our “security policy and privacy”
Third party rights
Except for our affiliates, directors, employees or representatives, a person who is not a party to this agreement has no right under the UK Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce any term of this agreement but this does not affect any right or remedy of a third party that exists or is available apart from that Act.
Governing law
The contract between us shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with English law and the English courts shall have jurisdiction to resolve any disputes between us.
Entire Agreement
These Terms and Conditions, together with our current website prices, delivery details, contact details and privacy policy, set out the whole of our agreement relating to the supply of the products to you by us. Nothing said by any sales person on our behalf should be understood as a variation of these Terms and Conditions or as an authorised representation about the nature or quality of any products offered for sale by us. Save for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, we shall have no liability for any such representation being untrue or misleading.
Our Offers
Any offers we make are designed to be used independently and are not available in conjunction with any other offer.
Home
Shopping Help
Delivery
Hints & Tips
About
My Account
Contact Us
© 2020 OTS Ltd, Unit 16, Maple Court, Bishops Frome Technology Park, Bishops Frome, WR6 5AY | Legal | info@otstores.co.uk | Site by Hughes Media