https://www.godfreywing.com/godfrey-wing-privacy-policy
Why We Do It
Who We Are
Culture
History
Future
Join Us
Quality Policy
What We Do
Vacuum Impregnation
Industries
How We Do It
Equipment Overview
Sealant Overview
Service Overview
Where to Find Us
Contact Us
Global Locations
Resources
Blog
News & Events
Education
Privacy Policy
Last Modified: May 29, 2018
Godfrey & Wing is committed to protecting your privacy. This privacy policy describes the information collected by Godfrey & Wing from visitors to our website www.godfreywing.com and how we use your information.  It also describes your choices regarding use, access and correction of your personal information. By using the Godfrey & Wing website, you consent to the practices described in this policy.
Collecting Personal Information
You are free to explore the website without providing any personal information about yourself. When you visit the website or register for the subscription service, we request that you provide personal information about yourself, and we collect navigational Information.
Godfrey & Wing collects personally identifiable information that you provide on the website such as your e-mail address, name, company, telephone number, question, resume, cover letter, position of interest, description of equipment needed, and any data that is submitted on a form.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain name, access times and referring website address. This non-identifying information is used internally by Godfrey & Wing to help us analyze the effectiveness of our marketing efforts and evaluate the usefulness of our website.
If you provide personally identifiable information using one of the forms on our website, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from us. You can always opt-out of receiving these communications by clicking on the link provided at the bottom of the email.
Godfrey & Wing will never sell, rent or lease its lists to third parties.
Use of CookiesWhen you visit a website, typically a “cookie”, which is a text file, is placed on your hard drive by a web page server. The Godfrey & Wing website uses cookies to help personalize your online experience. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the web server that you have returned to a specific page. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline and/or delete cookies if you prefer.
SecurityGodfrey & Wing secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Godfrey & Wing takes precautionary measures to protect your data against loss or abuse.
Other Websites / LinksThe Godfrey & Wing website may contain links to other websites. Godfrey & Wing is not responsible for the privacy policies or the content of such sites.
UnsubscribeYou may unsubscribe from Godfrey & Wing marketing communications by clicking on the "unsubscribe" link located on the bottom of our marketing emails.
Reviewing, Correcting and Removing Your Personal InformationYou have the following data protection rights:
You can request access, correction, updates or deletion of your personal information.
You can object to processing of your personal information, ask us to restrict processing of your personal information or request portability of your personal information.
If we have collected and processed your personal information with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
Changes
This Privacy Policy went into effect on May 29th 2018 and is reviewed annually. We will post any privacy policy changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice by sending you an email notification.
ContactIf you have questions or comments about Godfrey & Wing’s privacy policy, please contact us:
Email: processinfo@godfreywing.com
Phone: 800.241.2579
Mailing address: Godfrey & Wing Corporate Headquarters, 220 Campus Drive, Aurora, OH 44202 USA
Godfrey & Wing, Inc., 220 Campus Dr, Aurora, OH 44202 + 330.562.1440Privacy Policy