http://www.kingpins.net/help.asp
Toggle navigation
Kingpins.net
Home
Features
Testimonials
Products
Store
Quote Me
Contact
Welcome to KingPins Help Desk
Customer Help
Welcome to KingPins Help Desk
Our Help pages have the answers to most of your questions. If you can’t find the answer here, please contact us so that we may answer you.
Contact Us
About Us
Kingpins Privacy Policy
Kingpins Security Policy
Artwork Guidelines
The Kingpins 100% Guarantee
Free Shipping
Our Customers say it best!
Frequently Asked Questions
Frequently Asked Questions
How do I order?
How much will my custom product cost?
What if I don't like the product?
How long does it take to produce and ship?
Why order from KingPins?
Can I see a sample of your work?
Do I need to have artwork for my Logo?
Can I get a Pre-production sample before full production of my Order?
How do I order?
Orders can be emailed, faxed or sent by letter mail depending on your time-line. Stock pins orders are typically placed by you on the internet but phone orders can be placed by calling Nicole at 888.278.1668.
At all times we respect
your privacy. Please view our Privacy policy for more details. For your convenience, we accept Visa, MasterCard and American Express credit cards.
Your sales representative,
Nicole Halladay takes full responsibility for your order. Nicole will be your contact from start to finish. Nicole will coordinate: artwork design; liaise with our Order and Fulfilling department; and send to you tracking details of your shipment.
Looking for a custom design? We suggest you fill out our online Request for Quotation form. Please be sure to include your artwork if you have any prepared, and we will send you your custom price quote - usually the same day.
How much will my custom product cost?
Kingpins has some of the best competitive pricing available today. We 100% guarantee quality and satisfaction. Custom products are sold on a custom basis - we determine your needs and then quote accordingly. If budget is a concern, we will adjust the custom product design and features to that end. If the product is to be a once in a lifetime presentation, we again adjust the product features accordingly.
Our no-nonsense pricing includes:
FREE Delivery to the destination of your choice
FREE Design Service and Design Consulting
FREE Industry Standard Color matching
Automatic online tracking of your order
Over 52 years of Business Experience
Privacy policy
BBB® Online Reliability membership
Back To Top
What if I don't like the product?
All products are inspected by us before shipping. If there is any error or defect in the items, it will be corrected at no cost to you. We stand behind our products 100%. If we can't make it right for you, we refund your money. That's hard to believe for a custom product!
Back To Top
How long does it take to produce and ship?
Typically custom products are made within 10-15 business days after final approval of your design. It then usually takes 2-3 business days for Fedex® delivery to your doorstep. Stock pins are sent the following business day.
Rush Delivery is available should you require it for all our products.
Back To Top
Why should I order from KingPins?
Established in 1968, International Coats of Arms (another subsidiary) was established. They still design and produce custom product to the highest standards for use in the corporate, military and municipal market to this day. Kingpins claims it's heritage from this long standing company sharing the tradition of quality and service from the same office.
Behind your representative Nicole, stands our Support teams: order expediters, graphic artists, product shippers, accounting and management staff. As a team, we ensure your order is timely, and always exceeds our highest quality standards. We are the only company that provides 100% satisfaction guarantee on custom products and we've been doing that for 52 years!
We only produce custom product for the intended recipients. In other words, we respect all trademarks, copyrights and if in question will refuse an order unless we feel the people ordering have the complete authority of the design they wish to produce.
Moreover, Kingpins offers many more benefits that other suppliers simply cannot:
Free Artwork & Design
Free Full Color Proof
Free FedEx Shipping in North America
100% Satisfaction Guaranteed
52 Years Experience
BBBOnline Reliability Program®
Copyright and Design Confidentiality
Back To Top
Can I see a sample of your work?
Yes, Nicole can proudly send you samples of any of our work! We can often mail out samples showing the different types of pins, and/or some different design ideas. There is no charge for these samples.
Back To Top
Do I need to have artwork for my Logo?
No, some people provide us a sketch or explain to us what they want. If there are logos involved, we can sometimes get them for your web site or they can be emailed or faxed to us. Whatever the design, you receive a full color proof for your approval before you order.
For those people who have prepared artwork, the ordering process is faster. Please see our art guidelines for more information.
Back To Top
Can I get a Pre-production sample before full production of my Order?
Certainly. To make the samples of your pin, the die or mold must be made, and we do have to charge for this. The good news is, if you go ahead with your pin order, the die has already been made and we can credit the mold charge back to you!
Refer to our Contact Us page for further details.
Back To Top
What our customers say
Received the coins...They are tremendous!!!
Thank-you, great job!!
(AS 10/9/2007)
Woooooo Hoooooo
Got 'em !!
Absolutely PERFECT !!!!
Thank You so Very Much !!!!!!!
(L 4/5/2005)
Just wanted to let you know I received the pins today and they are perfect. Thank you for doing such a great job.
(RC 6/25/2007)
×Close
100% Satisfaction Guarantee
If you are in any way dissatisfied with the quality, condition or workmanship of your order, you can return it to us for a full refund.
It's hard to believe that anyone would offer a 100% Satisfaction Guarantee on custom made products. We have a tough time finding any supplier of custom products that offers such a complete guarantee on custom products that if returned within 30 days of receipt, must be thrown away! No re-stocking charges. No inventory entries. No fine print - no fancy wording - just the best service you can ask for.
But that's what Kingpins has always been about: Customer Satisfaction! That's why the Better Business Bureau has awarded us the Honor Roll Member Status for 2006! What better way to show that we stand behind our guarantee?
All Kingpins products are 100% Guaranteed. Your order will be received on time, and meet your expectations - we guarantee it!
Awarded every year since 2008, the BBB A+ rating.
Close
×Close
Copyright and Design Confidentiality
Without question, your design, copyright and trademark are protected.
You've worked hard on creating your design. You don't want to see it copied and freely distributed. At no time can any of our customers use someone else's design without express written permission. Your design is for your exclusive use.
We only do orders for people who are authorized to use a design or trademark. We require Proof of Authorization in using any registered Logos or Trademarks.
Close
×Close
About Us
Over 49 years of servicing customer like you.
KingPins.net, a Swyrich Corporation Internet property providing service to American customers, began over 49 years ago as a designer and supplier of Coats of Arms and Logos for corporations and organizations.
We have a long, illustrious list of patrons,from large companies and groups to small ones. Today, we proudly continue our heritage of quality, best value and time honored customer satisfaction that is second to none.
From a pencil sketch to the latest computer image, we have the technology and people skills to understand what you need and to work within your timetable.
Our art department is simply the best the industry can offer. In today's computer graphics industry few are recognized as providers of continual quality. Over the years, we have proudly supplied clipart to companies like Corel, Nova and others.
Regardless of your product of interest, our many years of experience will ensure that your design ideas reach their full potential.
Close
×Close
FREE Shipping
UPS is our preferred carrier allowing online tracking from our doorstep to yours
We are proud of our custom products and you must receive them the fastest, safest method. That's why we choose UPS to ship to wherever you are in continental USA. You choose the location, we make all the arrangements. UPS provides the ultimate in customer convenience, enabling people to do business with UPS 24 hours a day, from virtually anywhere in the world.
Kingpins, a Swyrich Corporation internet property has a long history of customer satisfaction and service. Swyrich, a pioneer and innovator of the UPS Quantum View® service, was approached by UPS to launch the new software tool.
Environmentally friendly loose bio-fill foam and boxes made of recycled material are used for shipping products whereever possible.
UPS On Line Tracking
As soon as your package is scanned by one of our shippers, you receive an immediate email notification about your shipment. This email includes:
Full details about what product was shipped
Ship to location details
UPS tracking number
Link to the UPS tracking website so that you can track your shipment 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
Shipments outside Continental US
As Shipment costs can vary according to which country, we will gladly provide various shipping options including applicable prices and estimated delivery times for these locations.
Close
×Close
Artwork
Our art department is simply the best the industry can offer.
In today's computer graphics industry few are recognized as providers of continual quality. Over the years, we have proudly supplied clipart to companies like Corel, Nova and others.
This Guide should answer most of your questions about artwork. If you can’t find the answer here, please contact us so that we may answer your question personally. From a pencil sketch to the latest computer image, we have the technology and people skills to understand what you need and to work within your timetable.
Preferred Method (images sent by email)
Vector Images from CorelDraw!, Adobe Illustrator, PNG, EPS, WMF (please save text as curves)
Bitmaps: JPG, GIF, TIFF, PNG, BMP (make sure these are at least 400% of the expected size)
PDFs: Please give details of the original type of artwork (vector or bitmap) and preferably the original image type
Artwork should be in black and white if the design is to be spot color filled. Include a legend noting the appropriate color fills
If the image is a color separation, it should be a complete design, preferably with no editing required in any of the above bitmap file formats
Other Methods
Faxed artwork can be sent to 613.384.0606 to the attention of Nicole Halladay. Designs should be as clear as possible and as large as possible on the fax page
Very large images can be downloaded from your company's ftp web site (please provide details)
Artwork can be mailed to us. Our contact us page gives you all the details.
Close
×Close
Tips for Best Designs
Our art department is simply the best the industry can offer.
We recommend that you take a moment to create your own sample product in the size you require. It's usually quite simple to print a paper example of your rough design from a home or business computer. From this sample you'll discover:
taking a step back from the sample, you'll see what feature of the design shows the strongest. If there is text, can you read it?
Is the sample clearly conveying the message you want?
Bolder designs are often better and stand out from a distance.
Sans serif fonts (like Arial, Helvetica, Verdana and Comic Sans MS are better that serif fonts like Times New Roman and Courier).
Nicole Halladay is here to help in the design. Call Nicole @ 888.278.1668 for more tips now!
We create beautiful lapel pins, coins, chains of office, medals and medallions from just about any artwork. Even if all you have is an idea, our art department can create a design for your organization. All artwork will receive your signed approval before we go to production, ensuring your total satisfaction with the design. By sending us the best artwork you have available, you will help us exceed your design objectives.
Close
×Close
Plating Choices
Kingpins offers a variety of plating choices including dual plating.
Close
×Close
×Close
Contact Us
Kingpins.net
633 Norris Crt, Units 1 & 2
Kingston, ON, K7P 2R9
P: 888.278.1668
Request a Callback
Quote Me
Email: nicole.halladay@kingpins.net
Kingpins Home |
Store |
Site Map |
About Us |
Guarantee |
Testimonials |
Privacy Policy |
Help
© 1997 - 2020 Swyrich Corporation (KingPins.net), All Rights Reserved 633 Norris Crt, Units 1 & 2, Kingston, ON, K7P 2R9
Designated trademarks and brands are the property of their respective owners.