http://www.tsan.net/privacy.php
Home
Contact
About Us
FAQ
News
advanced inventory search
Services
Products
Batteries
Specials
Part Seeker
Excess Inventory
Disposition
Request For Quote
Order Tracking
Download Our Inventory
Resources
Articles
Sitemap
Electronics Videos
Privacy Policy
We respect your personal information and do not share records with outside companies.
We will periodically send email updates and industry news to our contacts.
TSAN is committed to protecting your privacy and the privacy of your organization. It is our policy that company and personal information such as name, address, phone number, e-mail, and search results is private and confidential. We do not sell or rent your company or personal information to others. We use customer information only for the purposes of setting up your profile, delivering our service, enhancing the operation of our site, and administering our systems.
Copyright and Intellectual Property Rights
Our site is for general information purposes only. The information contained on our site is not advice. Please read our Privacy Statement for important disclosures and for information on terms and conditions of the use of this site, privacy, and security, as well as our disclaimers and protected rights. Any liability that might arise from your use or reliance on the information in, or any links from this site, is expressly disclaimed. Unless otherwise noted, all materials, including but not limited to images, illustrations, designs, icons, photographs, video clips, software, and written and other materials that are part of this Web site or any other TSAN web site are protected under copyright laws and are the trademarks, trade dress and/or other intellectual properties owned, controlled or licensed by TSAN You may download and view material on this site for your personal, temporary, non-commercial viewing only. No part of the materials contained on this site may be otherwise reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, copied, republished, uploaded, posted, distributed or transmitted in any form, or by any means, electronic or mechanical without the prior written permission of TSAN
Information Collected and Electronically Stored Automatically
When you visit our website to read or download information, such as our brochure, career opportunities, press releases, etc., we automatically collect and electronically store only the following information described below:
The IP address and domain name/URL type (for example,"xyz.com, xzy.org etc." if you use a private Internet access account, or "myuniversity.edu" if you are connecting from a university's domain) and IP address (a number that is automatically assigned to your PC when you are using the Internet) from which you access our website;
The type of browser and operating system used to access our website;
The date, time, country, state, telephone area code where your server is located;
The pages of our site that were viewed during a visit;
Any search terms that you entered on our website;
The Internet address of the website from which you linked directly to our website; and the pages you viewed.
This information is primarily collected for statistical analysis and also helps us to continually improve our website and service delivery. This computer system uses software programs to create summary statistics, which are used for such purposes as assessing what information is of most and least interest, determining technical design specifications, and identifying system performance or problem areas.
Our emphasis on privacy and security is equally reflected in the way we conduct business. All employees of TSAN receive a thorough background check and as a condition of employment adhere to our internal policies and procedures. We maintain only paper shredders, rather than trash cans, in all office areas. Additionally, we have invested in security technology in our facilities, and actively monitor and control the entrance of anyone to our premises.
Information Collected from E-Mail
If you identify yourself by sending an E-mail containing personal information:
You may volunteer to provide us personally-identifying information, for example your mailing address or phone number, in an electronic mail message. E-mail is not necessarily secure against interception. If your communication is very sensitive or includes confidential information, you may want to send it via postal mail. Information collected in this manner may be used for responding to requests for information.
Security, Intrusion, and Detection
For website security purposes, and to ensure that our website remains available to all visitors, all network traffic is monitored in order to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage or conduct criminal activity. To protect the system from unauthorized use and to ensure that the system is functioning properly, individuals accessing our website are subject to having all of their activities monitored. Unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage to this service, are strictly prohibited and may be punishable under applicable federal law.
Disclaimer for TSAN Information
All information provided by TSAN on this website is made available to provide immediate access for the convenience of interested persons. While TSAN believes the information to be reliable, human or mechanical error remains a possibility. Therefore, TSAN does not guarantee the accuracy, completeness of the information. TSAN shall be responsible for any error or omission, or for the use of, or the results obtained from the use of, this information.
Links
On very selective bases we may provide links to other sites of alliance partners for your convenience. We do not control or maintain the material presented by other organizations on their web site. If you use any of these links, you will leave our site.
Links to Third Party Sites
This website may contain links to third party sites. Access to any other Internet site linked to this website is at the visitor's own risk and TSAN is not responsible for the accuracy or reliability of any information, data, opinions, advice or statements made on these sites. TSAN provides these links merely as a convenience and the inclusion of such links does not always imply an endorsement or warranty of those links or their associated websites.
Electronic PartSpecials
©
2020 T-SAN Electronics | Sitemap | Privacy | (310) 542-8666
| Netpaths web design company