http://www.3plains.com/legal/privacy/
Client Portal
612-716-2060
Request Quote
Services
Web Services
Responsive Web Design
Website Redesign
Custom Web Development
Ecommerce Development
Website CMS & Platforms
Website Hosting
Service Plans / Maintenance
3plains CMS
Email Hosting
Email Consulting & Support
Domain Name Management
Merchant Accounts & Gateways
SSL Certificates
Custom Web Forms
Internet Marketing
Organic SEO
Pay-Per-Click (PPC)
Local SEO & Marketing
Retargeting
Social Media Marketing
Email Marketing
Content Marketing
Content Writing
Digital Advertising
Digital Strategy & Review
Creative & Design
Custom Logo Design
Print Design
Video Production
Photography
Panoramic / Virtual Tours
Aerial Photography
Promotional Products
Infographic Creative
Photo Editing
Brochure Design
Business Card Design
Rack Card Design
Graphic Design
Trade Show Exhibits
Portfolio
Articles
Company
Why 3plains?
Leadership
Markets Served
Reviews
Locations
Jobs
Who We Support
Partnership Program
Referral Program
3plains Gear
Marketing Resources
Request Quote
FAQ
Terms of Service
Privacy
Site Map
Privacy Policy
Last Modified: December 23, 2011
This Privacy Policy provides our policies and procedures for collecting, using, and disclosing your information. Users can access the 3plains service (the "Service") through our website www.3plains.com, applications on Devices, through APIs, and through third-parties. A "Device" is any computer used to access the 3plains Service, including without limitation a desktop, laptop, mobile phone, tablet, or other consumer electronic device. This Privacy Policy governs your access of the 3plains Service, regardless of how you access it, and by using our Services you consent to the collection, transfer, processing, storage, disclosure and other uses described in this Privacy Policy. All of the different forms of data, content, and information described below are collectively referred to as "information."
1. The Information We Collect And Store
We may collect and store the following information when using the 3plains Service
Information You Provide. When you register an account with 3plains, we collect some personal information, such as your name, phone number, credit card or other billing information, email address and home and business postal addresses.
Files. We collect and store the files you email, upload via Dropbox, physically mailing electronic data via CD, USB key or other forms of storage media. We may keep the files in your file in our archived data.
Log Data. When you use the Service, we automatically record information from your Device, its software, and your activity using the Services. This may include the Device’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, the web page visited before you came to our website, information you search for on our website, locale preferences, identification numbers associated with your Devices, your mobile carrier, date and time stamps associated with transactions, system configuration information, metadata concerning your Files, and other interactions with the Service.
Cookies. We also use “cookies” to collect information and improve our Services. A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your Device. We may use “persistent cookies” to save your registration ID and login password for future logins to the Service. We may use “session ID cookies” to enable certain features of the Service, to better understand how you interact with the Service and to monitor aggregate usage and web traffic routing on the Service. You can instruct your browser, by changing its options, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. If you do not accept cookies, however, you may not be able to use all aspects of the Service.
2. How We Use Personal Information
Personal Information. In the course of using the Service, we may collect personal information that can be used to contact or identify you (“Personal Information”). Personal Information is or may be used: (2a) to administer your use of the Service, (2b) to personalize and improve your experience, and (2c) to provide software updates and product announcements. If you no longer wish to receive communications from us, please follow the “unsubscribe” or "remove" instructions provided in any of those communications, or update your account settings information.
Analytics. We collect some information (ourselves or using third party services) using logging and cookies, which can sometimes be correlated with Personal Information. We use this information for the above purposes and to monitor and analyze use of the Service, for the Service’s technical administration, to increase our Service’s functionality and user-friendliness, and to verify users have the authorization needed for the Service to process their requests. As of the date this policy went into effect, we use Google Analytics. To learn more about the privacy policy of Google Analytics, click here, and to learn how to opt out of that service click here.
3. Information Sharing and Disclosure
Your Use.   We will display your Personal Information in your 3plains account, on your website and elsewhere on the Service according to the preferences you set in your account. Any information you choose to provide should reflect how much you want others to know about you. Please consider carefully what information you disclose. You can review and revise your profile and website information at any time. We may also share or disclose your information with your consent, for example if you use a third party application to access your account (see below). Through certain features of the Service, you may also have the ability to make some of your information public. Public information may be broadly and quickly disseminated.Service Providers, Business Partners and Others.   We may use certain trusted third party companies and individuals to help us provide, analyze, and improve the Service (including but not limited to data storage, maintenance services, database management, web analytics, payment processing, and improvement of the Service’s features). These third parties may have access to your information only for purposes of performing these tasks on our behalf and under obligations similar to those in this Privacy Policy. As of the date this policy went into effect, we use Rackspace and Dropbox storage service to store some of your information (for example, your Files). You can find more information on these products at their retrospective websites.Third-Party Applications.   We may share your information with a third party application with your consent, for example when you choose to access our Services through such an application. We are not responsible for what those parties do with your information, so you should make sure you trust the application and that it has a privacy policy acceptable to you.Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement Requests; Protection of 3plains's Rights.   We may disclose to parties outside 3plains files stored in your 3plains and information about you that we collect when we have a good faith belief that disclosure is reasonably necessary to (a) comply with a law, regulation or compulsory legal request; (b) protect the safety of any person from death or serious bodily injury; (c) prevent fraud or abuse of 3plains or its users; or (d) to protect 3plains’s property rights. If we provide your 3plains files to a law enforcement agency as set forth above, we will remove 3plains’s encryption from the files before providing them to law enforcement. However, 3plains will not be able to decrypt any files that you encrypted prior to storing them on 3plains.Business Transfers.   If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of our assets, your information may be transferred as part of that transaction, but we will notify you (for example, via email and/or a prominent notice on our website) of any change in control or use of your Personal Information or Files, or if either become subject to a different Privacy Policy. We will also notify you of choices you may have regarding the information.Non-private or Non-Personal Information.   We may disclose your non-private, aggregated, or otherwise non-personal information, such as usage statistics of our Service.
4. Changing or Deleting Your Information
If you are a registered user, you may review, update, correct or delete the Personal Information provided in your registration or account profile by changing your “account settings.” If your personally identifiable information changes, or if you no longer desire our service, you may update or delete it by making the change on your 3plains account. In some cases we may retain copies of your information if required by law.
5. Data Retention
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services, you may ask us to delete your account. We may retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. Consistent with these requirements, we will try to delete your information quickly upon request.
6. Security
The security of your information is important to us. When you enter sensitive information (such as a credit card number) on our order forms, we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL) to safeguard your information, including your credit card number, during online transactions. For your protection, never put your credit card number or other sensitive information in unencrypted e-mail. In the extremely unlikely event that we ever do suspect a customer's credit card number has been intercepted, we will immediately notify the customer.
We follow generally accepted standards to protect the information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of electronic transmission or storage is 100% secure, however. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
7. Links
This website contains links to other 3rd party websites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
8. Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at privacy@3plains.com
9. Changes to our Privacy Policy
If you have questions or concerns with respect to our Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us. If elements of our Privacy Policy change, we will post the policy changes in our Privacy Policy on this Web site. If you are concerned about how your personal information is used, please visit our site often for this and other important announcements about 3plains.
© 2006 - 2020 3plains. Powered by 3plains CMS
Back To Top