https://www.earthmoving.com.au/privacy-statement/
0418 828 242info@earthmoving.com.au My account
How To Use Our Site
Search for:
Home / Privacy Statement
We respect your privacy!Any and all the information collected on this site will be kept strictly confidential and will not be sold, reused, rented, disclosed, or loaned!Earthmoving Systems Pty Ltd is committed to protecting your privacy, and we take our responsibilities regarding the security of user information very seriously. This Privacy Statement sets out how we comply with Australian data protection requirements. We have structured our website so that you can visit without identifying yourself or revealing any personal information. Once you choose to provide us with any information by which you can be identified, it will be used only to process enquiries or orders and to provide a more personalised shopping experience. We may also use it to inform you about changes in our services or about special offers that we consider you will find valuable. For your protection, we will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required to do so by law.If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write or e-mail us as soon as possible to the above address. Any incorrect information will be corrected promptly.SecurityWe are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.CookiesWe use cookies to track your order through the shopping process. Cookies are commonly used on websites, do not contain personally identifiable information about you, do not pose a security threat and do not harm your computer. They simplify your shopping experience and mean that you don’t have to input your contact details every time you visit the site. Your credit or debit card details are not stored on the site and are always secure.You can decide if and how your computer will accept a cookie by configuring your preferences or options in your browser. However, if you choose to reject cookies, you cannot shop with us and may not be able to use certain features within our website.Other WebsitesThis website may contain links to enable you to visit other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site you should note that we do not have any control over any other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting other sites and such sites are not governed by this Privacy Statement. You should exercise caution and read the Privacy Statement applicable to the website in question.Your ConsentBy using the Earthmoving Systems Pty Ltd website, you consent to the collection and use of this information by us for the purposes described above. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post the changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it and in what circumstances we disclose it.
HelpCart
Checkout
Security
Delivery
My account
Contact Details
Privacy Statement
How To Use Our Site
Terms and Conditions
Home
0
Someone in
purchased