https://www.aim.com.au/terms-and-conditions
Skip to main content
You are here
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions of enrolment for Accredited Training, Short Courses and Non-accredited Online Short Courses offered by the Australian Institute of Management (AIM).
VET Qualifications, Short Courses, Virtual Learning
VET Qualification
Short Courses
Online Short Courses
Virtual Learning Series
Public Sector Short Courses
People matters Short Courses
Higher Education
Higher Education Qualification
AIM Business School Australian Leaders Scholarship
Postgraduate Single Units
MBA+ Program – Gold Card
General
General
Read about AIM's Promotional Terms and Conditions.
VET Qualification Terms and Conditions of enrolment
I (which expression includes the parent/guardian who has signed this contract) hereby apply to enrol in the course commencing indicated on the Application for Admission form (‘the Application’). I agree that on acceptance of the Application by Australian Institute of Management Education and Training (‘Acceptance’), the Acceptance will become the Contract of Enrolment (‘the Contract’) and further I agree to abide by the following terms and conditions of enrolment:
I agree that it is a condition of my enrolment that I achieve satisfactory academic progress throughout my course at a rate that will enable me to complete the course in the nominated duration.
I agree that I am required to use my best endeavours to meet the requirements of the course selected and to abide by the rules and regulations of Australian Institute of Management Education and Training. I understand that if I breach any of Australian Institute of Management Education and Trainings rules or my behaviour is deemed unacceptable by Australian Institute of Management Education and Training, my enrolment may be cancelled and I may not be entitled to any refund of the tuition fees or other charges paid to Australian Institute of Management Education and Training under the Contract as applicable at that time. (Information on Australian Institute of Management Education and Trainings policies, rules and regulations is located on the website at www.aim.com.au/student-information).
I agree that all lessons and any related material supplied by Australian Institute of Management Education and Training are secured by copyright, remain the property of Australian Institute of Management Education and Training and must be returned to Australian Institute of Management Education and Training on completion of the course. I understand that any unauthorised copying may constitute a breach of the Copyright Act 1968 (Cth) (as amended from time to time).
Course fees do not include the cost of text books.
I agree to advise Australian Institute of Management Education and Training of any change of my address and/or contact details while I am enrolled in any course.
Australian Institute of Management Education and Training maintains a Privacy Policy which can be viewed at www.aim.com.au/student-information. In addition to the provisions of this policy, I authorise Australian Institute of Management Education and Training to release administrative information concerning my performance at Australian Institute of Management Education and Training (including academic progress and attendance information) to any person who may lawfully require that information, as well as parents/guardians, agents and potential employers. If I do not agree, I must advise Australian Institute of Management Education and Training in writing.
I understand that should a new version of the qualification be endorsed and released by the relevant authorities, the RTO must manage the transition of its students to the new version in accordance with the Australian Skills Quality Authority’s directions and that this circumstance does not constitute a default by the RTO.
I acknowledge that I have read and understood the Complaints, Grievances and Appeals Policy outlined in this document, and published on the website at https://www.aim.com.au/student-information.
I hereby acknowledge that I have read, understood and agree to the terms of the Withdrawal, Deferral and Refunds Policy published on the website at www.aim.com.au/student-information.
I confirm that the terms and conditions have been made available to me prior to enrolling and understand that any variation of those stated terms and conditions of the Application for Enrolment must be provided in writing and be signed by an authorised officer of Australian Institute of Management Education and Training.
I confirm that the terms and conditions of Australian Institute of Management Education and Trainings payment providers have been made available to me prior to enrolling and as part of my application.
I understand, the applicant has a provisional enrolment period of 10 days, from the date of signing the Application for Enrolment, to withdraw from the course.
I understand that after the provisional enrolment period of 10 days, if I have not provided all required information relating to the course entry requirements, Australian Institute of Management Education and Training may cancel my enrolment.
I understand that the course fees paid for fee for service courses delivered by Australian Institute of Management Education and Training are not refundable after the 10-day provisional enrolment period has elapsed. (An enrolment is provisional for 10 days, allowing Australian Institute of Management Education and Training time to request additional information and for a student to access their course and ensure that the course meets their requirements.) Please see our Withdrawal, Deferral and Refunds Policy published on the website at www.aim.com.au/student-information.
I understand that my qualification consists of a number of short courses and if I cannot attend an associated short course as part of my enrolment I must inform Australian Institute of Management Education and Training at least 2 weeks prior to the short course start date to request a transfer.
I understand that if I do not inform Australian Institute of Management Education and Training at least 2 weeks prior to the scheduled short course start date and/or I do not attend that I am obligated to pay an administration fee of $190 per non-attendance.
I understand that if any fees are not paid by the invoice due date, Australian Institute of Management Education and Training may charge a late payment fee. If Australian Institute of Management Education and Training deems it necessary to engage a debt collection agency to collect the outstanding amount, all costs associated with debt recovery will be added onto the outstanding debt.
I understand that by agreeing to the Terms and Conditions and through the provision of Australian Institute of Management Education and Trainings complaints and appeals process, this does not remove my right to take action under Australia’s consumer protection laws.
Short Courses Terms and Conditions of enrolment
I (which expression includes the parent/guardian who has signed this contract) hereby apply to enrol in the course commencing indicated on the Application for Admission form (‘the Application’). I agree that on acceptance of the Application by Australian Institute of Management Education and Training (‘Acceptance’), the Acceptance will become the Contract of Enrolment (‘the Contract’) and further I agree to abide by the following terms and conditions of enrolment:
I agree that it is a condition of my enrolment that I achieve satisfactory academic progress throughout my course at a rate that will enable me to complete the course in the nominated duration.
I agree that I am required to use my best endeavours to meet the requirements of the course selected and to abide by the rules and regulations of Australian Institute of Management Education and Training. I understand that if I breach any of Australian Institute of Management Education and Trainings rules or my behaviour is deemed unacceptable by Australian Institute of Management Education and Training, my enrolment may be cancelled and I may not be entitled to any refund of the tuition fees or other charges paid to Australian Institute of Management Education and Training under the Contract as applicable at that time. (Information on Australian Institute of Management Education and Trainings policies, rules and regulations is located on the website at www.aim.com.au/student-information).
I agree that all lessons and any related material supplied by Australian Institute of Management Education and Training are secured by copyright, remain the property of Australian Institute of Management Education and Training and must be returned to Australian Institute of Management Education and Training on completion of the course. I understand that any unauthorised copying may constitute a breach of the Copyright Act 1968 (Cth) (as amended from time to time).
Course fees do not include the cost of text books.
I agree to advise Australian Institute of Management Education and Training of any change of my address and/or contact details while I am enrolled in any course.
Australian Institute of Management Education and Training maintains a Privacy Policy which can be viewed at www.aim.com.au/student-information. In addition to the provisions of this policy, I authorise Australian Institute of Management Education and Training to release administrative information concerning my performance at Australian Institute of Management Education and Training (including academic progress and attendance information) to any person who may lawfully require that information, as well as parents/guardians, agents and potential employers. If I do not agree, I must advise Australian Institute of Management Education and Training in writing.
I understand that should a new version of the qualification be endorsed and released by the relevant authorities, the RTO must manage the transition of its students to the new version in accordance with the Australian Skills Quality Authority’s directions and that this circumstance does not constitute a default by the RTO.
I acknowledge that I have read and understood the Complaints, Grievances and Appeals Policy outlined in these terms and conditions, and published on the website www.aim.com.au/student-information.
I confirm that the terms and conditions have been made available to me prior to enrolling and understand that any variation of those stated terms and conditions of the Application for Enrolment must be provided in writing and be signed by an authorised officer of Australian Institute of Management Education and Training.
I confirm that the terms and conditions of Australian Institute of Management Education and Training’s payment providers have been made available to me prior to enrolling and as part of my application.
I understand upon enrolling for a short course I am obligated to pay for that course and it is not refundable unless the scheduled course is fully cancelled by AIM without being rescheduled in the 12 months following the original enrolment course end date.
I understand that if I cannot attend a short course I have enrolled in I must contact Australian Institute of Management Education and Training at least 2 weeks prior to the course start date and either:Provide a substitute attendee to the short course;
Request my enrolment in the short course be changed to the same course at a future date; or
Request my enrolment in the short course be changed to a different course *fees may apply.
I understand that if I do not contact of Australian Institute of Management Education and Training at least 2 weeks prior to the scheduled short course start date and I do not attend that I am obligated to pay for the enrolled short course.
I understand that I can only change my course details once.
Training must occur within 12 months from the date of the first booking.
I understand that if any fees are not paid by the invoice due date, Australian Institute of Management Education and Training may charge a late payment fee. If Australian Institute of Management Education and Training deems it necessary to engage a debt collection agency to collect the outstanding amount, all costs associated with debt recovery will be added onto the outstanding debt.
I understand that by agreeing to the Terms and Conditions and through the provision of Australian Institute of Management Education and Trainings complaints and appeals process, this does not remove my right to take action under Australia’s consumer protection laws.
Australian Institute of Management Education and Training will not be liable or responsible for any failure to perform, or delay in performance of, any of our obligations that is caused by events outside Australian Institute of Management Education and Training reasonable control (Force Majeure Event). A Force Majeure Event includes any act, event, non-happening, omission or accident beyond Australian Institute of Management Education and Training reasonable control. Australian Institute of Management Education and Training will use reasonable endeavours to bring the Force Majeure Event to a close or to find a solution by which obligations may be met despite the Force Majeure Event.
Online Short Courses Terms and Conditions of enrolment
I (which expression includes the parent/guardian who has signed this contract) hereby apply to enrol in the short course commencing indicated on the Short Course Enrolment form (‘the Application’). I agree that on acceptance of the Application by Australian Institute of Management Education and Training (‘Acceptance’), the Acceptance will become the Contract of Enrolment (‘the Contract’) and further I agree to abide by the following terms and conditions of enrolment:
I agree that I am required to use my best endeavours to meet the requirements of the course selected and to abide by the rules and regulations of Australian Institute of Management Education and Training. I understand that if I breach any of Australian Institute of Management Education and Trainings rules or my behaviour is deemed unacceptable by Australian Institute of Management Education and Training, my enrolment may be cancelled and I may not be entitled to any refund of the tuition fees or other charges paid to Australian Institute of Management Education and Training under the Contract as applicable at that time. (Information on Australian Institute of Management Education and Trainings policies, rules and regulations is located on the at www.aim.com.au/student-information).
I agree that all course related material supplied by Australian Institute of Management Education and Training are secured by copyright, remain the property of Australian Institute of Management Education and Training and must be returned to Australian Institute of Management Education and Training on completion of the course. I understand that any unauthorised copying may constitute a breach of the Copyright Act 1968 (Cth) (as amended from time to time).
I agree that my log-in details cannot be shared. In the case that I do share these details with others it may lead to the cancelation of my enrolment.
Course fees do not include the cost of text books.
I agree to advise Australian Institute of Management Education and Training of any change of my address and/or contact details while I am enrolled in any course.
Australian Institute of Management Education and Training maintains a Privacy Policy which can be viewed at www.aim.com.au/student-information. In addition to the provisions of this policy, I authorise Australian Institute of Management Education and Training to release administrative information concerning my performance at Australian Institute of Management Education and Training (including academic progress and attendance information) to any person who may lawfully require that information, as well as parents/guardians, agents and potential employers. If I do not agree, I must advise Australian Institute of Management Education and Training in writing.
I acknowledge that I have read and understood the Complaints, Grievances and Appeals Policy outlined in this document, and published on the website www.aim.com.au/student-information.
I confirm that the terms and conditions have been made available to me prior to enrolling and understand that any variation of those stated terms and conditions of the Application for Enrolment must be provided in writing and be signed by an authorised officer of Australian Institute of Management Education and Training.
I confirm that the terms and conditions of Australian Institute of Management Education and Trainings payment providers have been made available to me prior to enrolling and as part of my application.
I understand that there is a provisional enrolment period of 48 hours.
I understand that after the provisional enrolment period of 48 hours, if I have not provided all required information relating to the course entry requirements including payment, Australian Institute of Management Education and Training may cancel my enrolment.
I understand that the course fees paid for fee for service online short courses delivered by Australian Institute of Management Education and Training are not refundable after the 48 hour provisional enrolment period has elapsed.
I understand that if any fees are not paid by the invoice due date, Australian Institute of Management Education and Training may charge a late payment fee. If Australian Institute of Management Education and Training deems it necessary to engage a debt collection agency to collect the outstanding amount, all costs associated with debt recovery will be added onto the outstanding debt.
I understand that by agreeing to the Terms and Conditions and through the provision of Australian Institute of Management Education and Trainings complaints and appeals process, this does not remove my right to take action under Australia’s consumer protection laws.
AIM Virtual Learning Series Terms and Conditions of enrolment
I (which expression includes the parent/guardian who has signed this contract) hereby apply to enrol in the Virtual Course commencing indicated on the Application for Admission form (‘the Application’). I agree that on acceptance of the Application by Australian Institute of Management Education and Training (‘Acceptance’), the Acceptance will become the Contract of Enrolment (‘the Contract’) and further I agree to abide by the following terms and conditions of enrolment:
I agree that I am required to use my best endeavours to meet the requirements of the Virtual Course selected and to abide by the rules and regulations of Australian Institute of Management Education and Training. I understand that if I breach any of Australian Institute of Management Education and Trainings rules or my behaviour is deemed unacceptable by Australian Institute of Management Education and Training, my enrolment may be cancelled and I may not be entitled to any refund of the tuition fees or other charges paid to Australian Institute of Management Education and Training under the Contract as applicable at that time. (Information on Australian Institute of Management Education and Trainings policies, rules and regulations is located on the website at www.aim.com.au/student-information).
I agree that all lessons and any related material supplied by Australian Institute of Management Education and Training are secured by copyright, remain the property of Australian Institute of Management Education and Training and must be returned to Australian Institute of Management Education and Training on completion of the course. I understand that any unauthorised copying may constitute a breach of the Copyright Act 1968 (Cth) (as amended from time to time).
I agree that my log-in details for the Virtual Course cannot be shared. In the case that I do share these details with others it may lead to the cancelation of my enrolment.
I agree that it is my responsibility to check that the computer and internet service being used to access the Virtual Course is compatible with the minimum specification requirements that relate to the Zoom platform as per the guide here.
I agree to test my system prior to attending a Virtual Course using the test functionality at https://zoom.us/test and should the test fail to seek support to rectify the issue.
I acknowledge and accept that Australian Institute of Management Education and Training cannot be held responsible for any technical problems encountered such as:The operation of the internet and the World Wide Web, including but not limited to viruses
Any firewall restrictions that have been placed on your network or the computer you are using to access the Virtual Course
Failures of telecommunications links and equipment
Updated browser issues
I agree to advise Australian Institute of Management Education and Training of any change of my address and/or contact details while I am enrolled in any Virtual Course.
Australian Institute of Management Education and Training maintains a Privacy Policy which can be viewed at www.aim.com.au/student-information. In addition to the provisions of this policy, I authorise Australian Institute of Management Education and Training to release administrative information concerning my performance at Australian Institute of Management Education and Training (including academic progress and attendance information) to any person who may lawfully require that information, as well as parents/guardians, agents and potential employers. If I do not agree, I must advise Australian Institute of Management Education and Training in writing.
I acknowledge that I have read and understood the Complaints, Grievances and Appeals Policy outlined in these terms and conditions, and published on the website www.aim.com.au/student-information.
I confirm that the terms and conditions have been made available to me prior to enrolling and understand that any variation of those stated terms and conditions of the Application for Enrolment must be provided in writing and be signed by an authorised officer of Australian Institute of Management Education and Training.
I confirm that the terms and conditions of Australian Institute of Management Education and Training’s payment providers have been made available to me prior to enrolling and as part of my application.
I understand upon enrolling for a Virtual Course I am obligated to pay for that course and it is not refundable unless the scheduled course is fully cancelled by AIM without being rescheduled in the 12 months following the original enrolment course end date.
I understand that if I cannot attend a Virtual Course I have enrolled in I must contact Australian Institute of Management Education and Training at least 2 weeks prior to the course start date and either:Provide a substitute attendee to the virtual course;
Request my enrolment in the virtual course be changed to the same course at a future date; or
Request my enrolment in the virtual course be changed to a different course *fees may apply.
I understand that if I do not contact of Australian Institute of Management Education and Training at least 2 weeks prior to the scheduled short course start date and I do not attend that I am obligated to pay for the enrolled short course.
I understand that I can only change my course details once.
Training must occur within 12 months from the date of the first booking.
I understand that if any fees are not paid by the invoice due date, Australian Institute of Management Education and Training may charge a late payment fee. If Australian Institute of Management Education and Training deems it necessary to engage a debt collection agency to collect the outstanding amount, all costs associated with debt recovery will be added onto the outstanding debt.
I understand that by agreeing to the Terms and Conditions and through the provision of Australian Institute of Management Education and Trainings complaints and appeals process, this does not remove my right to take action under Australia’s consumer protection laws.
Australian Institute of Management Education and Training will not be liable or responsible for any failure to perform, or delay in performance of, any of our obligations that is caused by events outside Australian Institute of Management Education and Training reasonable control (Force Majeure Event). A Force Majeure Event includes any act, event, non-happening, omission or accident beyond Australian Institute of Management Education and Training reasonable control. Australian Institute of Management Education and Training will use reasonable endeavours to bring the Force Majeure Event to a close or to find a solution by which obligations may be met despite the Force Majeure Event.
AIM Public Sector Courses Terms and Conditions of enrolment
I agree that I am required to use my best endeavours to meet the requirements of the course selected and to abide by the rules and regulations of Australian Institute of Management Education and Training (AIMET). I understand that if I breach any of AIMET’s rules or my behaviour is deemed unacceptable by AIMET, my enrolment may be cancelled and I may not be entitled to any refund of the tuition fees or other charges paid to AIMET under the Contract as applicable at that time. (Information on AIMETs policies, rules and regulations is located on the website at www.aim.com.au/student-information).
I agree that all lessons and any related material supplied by AIMET are secured by copyright, remain the property of AIMET and must be returned to AIMET on completion of the course. I understand that any unauthorised copying may constitute a breach of the Copyright Act 1968 (Cth) (as amended from time to time).
AIMET maintains a Privacy Policy which can be viewed at www.aim.com.au/student-information. Information held by CPM about course participants is not shared with third parties unless it relates to the provision of a diagnostic tool, course venue or feedback profile. In these circumstances only the minimum information is shared, not including contact details. All participant information used for norm data analysis or similar is held in a de-identified form.
I acknowledge that I have read and understood the Complaints, Grievances and Appeals Policy outlined in these terms and conditions, and published on the websitewww.aim.com.au/student-information.
I confirm that the terms and conditions have been made available to me prior to enrolling and understand that any variation of those stated terms and conditions must be provided in writing and be signed by an authorised officer of AIMET.
I understand bookings will be accepted after the closing date, subject to availability.
I understand upon enrolling for a CPM program that invoices will be issued upon enrolment into the program and I am obligated to pay for that course and it is not refundable unless the scheduled course is cancelled by AIM. In the event that there are insufficient numbers for the program to proceed, participants will be notified via email 3 weeks prior to the program commencement date. At this time, participants can elect to be refunded their registration fee (if already paid) or be transferred to another program. If the other program is non-residential (after having been enrolled on a residential program), participants can elect to be refunded the difference or, have three (3) post-program coaching sessions instead of one (1).
I understand that if I cannot attend a CPM program I have enrolled in I must contact AIMET at least 3 weeks prior to the course start date and either:Provide a substitute attendee to the program; or
Request my enrolment in the CPM program be transferred to the same course at a future date or changed to a different course *fees may apply.
I understand that if I cannot attend a CPM program I have enrolled in and I contact AIMET between 2 and 3 weeks prior to the course start date the following applies:Substitute participants can be accepted up to 14 days before the program begins, however if the original participant has already commenced completion of diagnostic profiles, an additional fee covering the costs of these is payable. For each program these are:Building New Leadership - $550
Teams and Leadership - $200
Leading with Mastery and Insight - $350
Leading with Strategic Intelligence - $550
From Manager to Leader - $550
Building Resilience - $200
Transfers to a different course will only be accepted if my removal from the program does not cause the program to be cancelled due to insufficient numbers.
I understand that any cancellation/deferral requests received within the 2 weeks prior to the course start date or if I do not attend that I am obligated to pay for the enrolled CPM program.
I understand that I can only change my course details once.
Training must occur within 12 months from the date of the first booking.
People matters Terms and Conditions of enrolments
I understand that I am subject to Terms and Conditions of AIM Public Sector as stated above, with the following exceptions,
I understand that if I cannot attend a People matters program I have enrolled in I must contact AIMET at least 2 weeks prior to the course start date and either:Provide a substitute attendee to the program; or
Request my enrolment in the People matters program be transferred to the same course at a future date or changed to a different course *fees may apply.
I understand that if I cannot attend a People matters program I have enrolled in and I contact AIMET between 1 and 2 weeks prior to the course start date the following applies:Cancellations made will incur a 50% fee
Change of date or change of participant requests will incur an additional 50% fee
I understand that if I cannot attend a People matters program I have enrolled in and I contact AIMET 1 week prior to the course start date the following applies:Cancellations will be charged in full
Change of date or change of participant requests will incur an additional 100% fee
I understand that if I do not attend without giving notice I will be charged in full.
Higher Education Qualification Terms and Conditions of enrolment
Please refer to the Student Handbook for Higher Education qualifications.
AIM Business School Australian Leaders Scholarship – Terms and Conditions
This document outlines the Terms and Conditions for the AIM Business School Australian Leaders Scholarship referred to as the ‘Scholarship’ herein.
You must read these Terms and Conditions in full. In accepting a scholarship from AIM Business School, it is understood that you have read and agree to comply with these Terms and Conditions.
SCHOLARSHIP DESCRIPTION
The Scholarship offers a $500 reduction (Scholarship amount) of the standard AIM Business School MBA program unit tuition fee
The Scholarship payment will be made in the form of a tuition fee waiver thereby reducing tuition fee liability by the Scholarship amount for each eligible unit with a start date occurring during the Specified Duration.
The Specified Duration is from when the first unit of study within the relevant AIM Business School Program commences until:
(For students commencing their first unit of study in June 2020) - 30 June 2021
(For students commencing their first unit of study Between 01 July 2020 and 30 Sept 2020) – 31 December 2021
Relevant AIM Business School Programs are:
All Graduate Certificate programs
Graduate Diploma in Management
Masters of Business Administration
SCHOLARSHIP CONDITIONS
The following students are not eligible to receive the Scholarship
Students who have not received an offer for the Scholarship.
Students who are already receiving other bursaries from AIM Business School
Students who commenced study in a relevant AIM Business School Program prior to April 22nd 2020
Scholarship applicants must meet the standard entry criteria and be accepted into one of the relevant Relevant AIM Business School Programs
The Scholarship is awarded based on specific eligibility criteria. The Scholarship is limited in number, and subject to availability.
The Scholarship applications are assessed by the AIM Business School scholarship committee.
The Scholarship provides a tuition fee waiver of the Scholarship amount for the duration indicated in the scholarship award letter for study in a relevant program at AIM Business School.
The Scholarship is not paid for units where credit is granted in recognition of prior learning/study.
The Scholarship is not transferable to a third party or redeemable for cash.
The Scholarship must commence study in the intake for which the Scholarship was offered. The Scholarship cannot be deferred.
Scholarship holders are expected to actively progress the unit or units for which they are receiving the bursary and adhere to the academic and administrative policies as laid out in the AIM Business School student handbook
The Scholarship holder must pay their tuition fees within the stipulated payment deadlines.
AIM Business School does not represent that the Scholarship will be tax free to the recipient. The recipient should seek independent advice on the tax implications.
AIM Business School reserves the right to vary the awards, withdraw or not to offer the Scholarship if:
applicants have not achieved or cease to meet the eligibility requirements of the Scholarship; or
the Scholarship holder has been found to have supplied incorrect or misleading information during the application process; or
the Scholarship holder fails to maintain good academic standing and progress; or
there is a case of serious misconduct by the Scholarship holder; or
the Scholarship holder has failed to meet these terms and conditions; or
in any other case where AIM Business School determines that the Scholarship eligibility requirements have not been met
The Scholarship holder may be asked to participate in a photo shoot and complete a testimonial for AIM Business School. If this request is accepted, photo and testimonial content may be published on the AIM Business School website or used for other promotional purposes.
Any questions about these Terms and Conditions should be directed to AIM Business School student support absstudentsupport@aim.com.au.
Non-Award Study Postgraduate Single Units - Policies and Procedures
Students must acknowledge these policies and procedures before enrolling. These Policies and Procedures are an addendum to those in the AIM Business School Student Handbook and apply specifically to students enrolling in postgraduate single unit Non-Award study. If any provision contained in these Policies and Procedures conflicts with any provision in the AIM Business School Student Handbook, the provision contained in these Policies and Procedures shall govern and control.
Non-Award Study
Non-Award study refers to enrolment in units that do not count towards a formal award course (such as a Graduate Diploma in Management). However, you may be able to apply for credit for completed units when applying to enroll in an award course in the future. See specific AIM polices for AIM courses or other institution terms and conditions for applicable credits for their award courses
Government loan schemes, such as FEE-HELP are not available for Postgraduate Single Units.
Entry Requirements
Two years managerial experience plus an undergraduate degree
Three years managerial experience plus a post-secondary qualification e.g. Diploma or Advanced Diploma
Five years managerial experience
Applications not meeting these criteria will be assessed on an individual basis
Mode of Study
A fully online experience with interactive real-time online sessions. The duration of each online unit is 7 weeks. All units are built around 10 topic areas, all with corresponding engaging learning materials. Students will work through recorded lectures, readings and activities and self-assessment questions. Each online unit offers 4 Interactive Consultation Sessions (ICS) with a highly experienced AIM facilitator. Each webinar runs for approximately two hours, in weeks 1,3,5 and 7.
Attendance Expectations and Requirements
Students are expected to attend all ICS in real time. Online webinar sessions are recorded so students can access these as required and complete any related assignments.
Payment of Fees
Non-Award study is offered on a full fee-paying basis only. Non-Award students must pay in full by the due date, and are not eligible to defer fees through any of the government loan schemes.
Unit Withdrawals
1. Students who wish to withdraw from a unit they are enrolled in must fill in a withdrawal form and send this to Student Support at absstudentsupport@aim.com.au. The withdrawal form can be found in myABS, on the Home Page, under Student Administration.
2. Students who submit their withdrawal form on or before the unit start date will receive a full refund minus 20% administration fee or credit towards an alternative unit of study.
3. Withdrawals made after the unit start date will not be eligible for refund
Unit Start Date Change
Once enrolled into a specific Postgraduate Single Unit cohort any request to change to a cohort with a different start date must be submitted to AIM Business School Student Support (absstudentsupport@aim.com.au) at least 7 days prior to the enrolled unit start date.
Admission to AIM Award Courses and Credit Transfer
Completion of a Non-Award subjects does not guarantee future admission to an AIM award program.
Successfully completed Non-Award units are recognised as a credit for the corresponding unit within an AIM award program. AIM will recognise credit for up to 50% of the units within a specific AIM award program. For instance, the AIM Graduate Certificate in Management structure has four units of study. If two of these units have been successfully completed by non-award single unit study, both will be recognised for credit if the student is enrolled into the AIM Graduate Certificate in Management. If three units have been successfully completed by non-award single unit study only TWO will be recognised for credit.
Completion
Upon successful completion of a Postgraduate Single Unit AIM will issue a Certificate of Attainment.
For Reference
AIM Business School Responsibilities - See AIM Business School Student Handbook page 17
Student Responsibilities - See AIM Business School Student Handbook page 18
Support for Students - See AIM Business School Student Handbook page 25
Plagiarism and Copyright Policies and Procedures - See AIM Business School Student Handbook page 28
Assessment and Grading - See AIM Business School Student Handbook page 32
General Terms and Conditions
Complaints, Grievances and Appeals Policy
In the event of a dispute between an individual student and Australian Institute of Management Education and Training, internal procedures are in place to facilitate the resolution of the dispute. Full details are published on the website at www.aim.com.au/student-information
Australian Institute of Management Education and Training will ensure fair and equitable management of complaints, grievances and appeals by providing a transparent, timely and consistent process for resolving complaints, grievances and appeals.
All students will be able to view this policy prior to enrolment and will be advised to read it at the commencement of a course with Australian Institute of Management Education and Training.
Informal Complaints
All students and prospective students are encouraged to resolve grievances by bringing the matter directly to the attention of Australian Institute of Management Education and Training. If the student / prospective student is not satisfied with the outcome he/she may choose to lodge a formal complaint under this policy.
Formal Complaints
Students and prospective students must submit their formal complaint in writing via email to: complaints.aim@aim.com.au or post to Complaints, Australian Institute of Management Education and Training, Ground Floor, 7 Macquarie Place, Sydney, 2000.
It is essential that the following information is included in the email / letter:details of the complaint;
supporting information that the complainant wishes to have considered;
an explanation of the steps already taken to try to resolve the complaint informally and why the responses received are not considered satisfactory; and
what the complainant thinks needs to be done to address his/her concerns.
Upon receipt of the formal complaint the Director of Education will respond to the complainant in writing and acknowledge receipt of the complaint. The date of this notification becomes the commencement date of the complaint process. An entry is created in the Complaints Log and this register is continually updated each step of the remaining procedure.
The complaint will be investigated by the Director of Education who will discuss the issues with the person(s) concerned. If the complaint is about the Director of Education it will be handed to the Chief Executive Officer who will follow the complaint through to a resolution.
The complainant will be provided with a written report of the steps taken to address the complaint within 21 days of the commencement date of the complaint process. If the complaint is upheld the Director of Education will immediately notify relevant staff to implement the actions required to resolve the complaint. If the complaint is not upheld, then the complainant will be given a written explanation detailing the reasons for that decision. The complainant will also be advised of his/her right to access the internal appeals process if not satisfied with the outcome of the formal complaint.
The Director of Education will retain a written record of the complaint and its outcome.
Appeals
If a student or prospective student is not satisfied with a decision made by Australian Institute of Management Education and Training, he/she has 21 days from the date nominated in the written notification by Australian Institute of Management Education and Training in which to lodge an appeal. This includes decisions relating to complaints outcomes and assessment appeals, as well as notifications of unsatisfactory academic progress, misbehaviour, refusals of transfer applications, and/or pending cancellation of enrolment.
Appeals must be lodged in writing via email to: compliants.aim@aim.com.au au or post to Appeals, Australian Institute of Management Education and Training, Ground Floor, 7 Macquarie Place, Sydney, 2000. It is essential that the following information is included in the email / letter:details of the decision that is being appealed;
brief reasons why you believe the decision is wrong;
any other information the student/prospect wishes to be considered.
Upon receipt of the written appeal the Director of Education will respond to the student / prospect in writing and acknowledge receipt of the appeal. The date of this notification becomes the commencement date of the appeal process.
The appeal will be considered by the Director of Education, who may decide:to make a determination based on the information provided; or
that there are insufficient grounds to take further action, thus concluding the consideration of the matter under this process.
The student / prospect will be advised in writing of the decision and the reasons for it within 14 days of the commencement date of the appeal process.
If the appeal is upheld the student / prospect will be informed of the action to be taken to resolve the matter. Australian Institute of Management Education and Training will immediately implement any decision and/or action required.
If the appeal is not upheld the student / prospect may wish to seek external advice regarding other legal remedies.
Students who are enrolled who wish to lodge an external appeal or complain about a decision made by Australian Institute of Management Education and Training may take action under Australia’s Consumer Protection laws by contacting the Office of Fair Trading in their state, or the Australian Skills Quality Authority on http://www.asqa.gov.au/. Depending on the circumstances of the case some bodies may require that Australian Institute of Management Education and Trainings internal appeals process first be exhausted before making an external appeal.
Credit Card Payments
Credit card payments made to Australian Institute of Management Education and Training will attract a surcharge (Visa & Mastercard- 1.5%, American Express- 3%).
Third Party Payments
Payments made to Australian Institute of Management Education and Training via third parties are subject to the third party’s terms and conditions.
Additional Costs
Testamur/ Statement of Attainment/ Certificate of Attendance re-issue fee: A$40.00 (includes postage)
Third Party failed payment fee: A$11.90
Force Majeure Event
Australian Institute of Management Education and Training will not be liable or responsible for any failure to perform, or delay in performance of, any of our obligations that is caused by events outside Australian Institute of Management Education and Training reasonable control (Force Majeure Event). A Force Majeure Event includes any act, event, non-happening, omission or accident beyond Australian Institute of Management Education and Training reasonable control. Australian Institute of Management Education and Training will use reasonable endeavours to bring the Force Majeure Event to a close or to find a solution by which obligations may be met despite the Force Majeure Event.
Services
Australian Institute of Management Education and Training reserves the right to change the particulars of the services, including changes to prices, courses, facilities and dates of programs where circumstances beyond Australian Institute of Management Education and Trainings control necessitate such changes or where the level of enrolments does not reach the minimum numbers required to operate a course viably. Australian Institute of Management Education and Training also reserves the right to change course fees at its discretion.
Contact Us
Call AIM on 1300 658 337
AIM Campus Locations
Adelaide | Brisbane | Canberra | Melbourne | Sydney + Online
Student Portals
myAIM  | myABS
Connect with AIM
Our Vision: To be the most relevant future skills training business in Australia.
Our Purpose: To prepare Australia to succeed in a rapidly changing environment and enable people to seize the future.
AIM Sydney Campus
Ground Floor, 7 Macquarie Place
Sydney NSW 2000
BUSINESS SCHOOL
AIM Business School
FOR ORGANISATIONS
Tailored Learning Solutions
AIM Access
Partner Pricing
PUBLIC SECTOR
Public Sector Training
AIM Melbourne Campus
NEW LOCATIONLevel 15, 120 Spencer Street
Melbourne VIC 3000
Courses
Faculties
Short Courses
Mini MBA
Postgraduate Single Units
AIM Online
Credentials
Qualifications
COVID Stimulus Fund
AIM Canberra Campus
Ground Floor, 14 Childers Street
Canberra ACT 2601
About
About AIM
Careers
News
Blog
Social Media
Contact
Contact
Locations
AIM Brisbane Campus
Level 9, 295 Ann Street
Brisbane QLD 4000
STUDENT INFORMATION
Student Information & Policies
AIM Badges
How to Enrol
Terms & Conditions
Promotional Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Smart and Skilled
FAQ
COVID-19 Policy
AIM Adelaide Campus
Level 2, 83 Currie Street
Adelaide SA 5000
Australian Institute of Management Education and Training Pty Limited (ABN 40 009 668 553); RTO code 0049 (AIMET); Ground Floor, 7 Macquarie Place, Sydney NSW 2000. AIMET is a registered Higher Education Provider listed on the national register, Provider ID: PRV12071, and an approved FEE-HELP provider.
Back to Top