http://www.flexyoffice.com/privacy.html
020 7863 7500
Home
Office Mailing Address
Call Answering
Meeting Rooms
Web & Email
Business Support
Packages
f
l
e
x
y
office
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how Flexy Office uses and protects any information that you provide when you use this website.
Flexy Office is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. Flexy Office may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 2nd December 2012.
What we collect.
We may collect the following information:
name and job title contactinformation including email address demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interestsother information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
What we do with the information we gather.
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons: Internal record keeping. We may use the information to improve our products and services. We do NOT use your information to send marketing communications without your explicit consent.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies.
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences. We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system. Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
If you have any questions please call us on 020 7863 7500
©
Privacy
Terms & Conditions
Sitemap
Flexy Office (UK) Ltd, Ensign House, Admirals Way, Canary Wharf, London. E14 9XQ
What is a Virtual Office
Compare Virtual vs Physical Office
About Us
Contact Us
Location
Mail Forwarding
Auto Phone System
Virtual Assistants
Drop Shipping