http://www.acadderson.com/privacyinfo.aspx
Register
Log in
Shopping Cart
(0)
Wishlist
(0)
Home page
Search
My account
Contact Us
Shopping Cart
You have no items in your shopping cart.
Information
Contact Us
About Us
Recently viewed products
Compare products list
Shipping & Returns
Ordering Information
Privacy Notice
Conditions of Use
Categories
IncontinenceFree Shipping Items/Online Only Orders CLEARANCE & CLOSEOUT ITEMS Pediatric & Junior For The AthleteBath SafetyBed Accessories Popular Products Big & TallDiagnosticsAids to Daily LivingHot & Cold TherapyCushions, Pillows & Positioning NEW AT OUR STOREMedical & SurgicalOrthopedicPersonal Care and HygieneWheelchairs, Walkers and Canes
Manufacturers
Central Solutions, Inc./DermaCen/Safe N Simple
Attends® Healthcare Products
Battle Creek Equipment
Bell-Horn/DJO Global/Dr. Comfort
Calmoseptine, Inc.
Coloplast Corporation
Covidien
Cypress Medical
Duromed (DMI) Industries/Briggs Healthcare
Finally Natural Care Ca-Rezz®
First Quality Products, Inc. Prevail®
Hartmann USA
Ideal Brands
Kimberly-Clark Corporation
No Rinse Clean Life Products
Nova Ortho-Med, Inc.
Rose Healthcare
Shamrock Manufacturing Co.
Nestle Health Science Products
View All
Popular tags
Bladder Control Pads
clearance
Compression Socks
Compression Stockings
edema socks
free shipping
Knee Brace
Knee Support
legwear
Lumbar Support
Prevail
Price Reduced
Stockings
Wheelchair Cushion
wrist brace
Subscribe to newsletters
Email:
Subscribe
Unsubscribe
Our Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This Web site, www.acadderson.com (this “Site”), is owned and operated by A.C. Adderson Healthcare, Inc. For ease of understanding, this Privacy Notice refers to A.C. Adderson Healthcare, Inc. as “we,” “us,” or“our” as the context may require. We know that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly. This notice describes our privacy policy.
By visiting this Site, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice.
A. Purpose.The information we learn from customers allows us to personalize and continually improve the total shopping experience at this Site. Here are the types of information we gather:
B. Types.
1. User Supplied Information. We receive and store any information you enter on our Web site or give us in any other way. Information that we collect can be: items searched for, name and address (to fulfill an order placed), e-mail address, items stored in a wanted item list, buying and searching patterns, gift registries, any reviews submitted and accompanying information, credit card information supplied, and shipping information. This list is not exclusive, and may be altered without notice based on information that you supply voluntarily.
2. Right to refrain from giving information. You have right to refrain from giving us certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of all of our features or to make purchases. We use the information that you provide to enhance the service, such as responding to your requests, customizing future shopping for you, improving our store, and communicating with you.
3. Cookies.When you access our site, information is received and stored by us. The most significant information is stored in the form of cookies, or small storage files that transmits your electronic identity to the Web site that you visit.Like most Web sites, we use cookies to be able to identify you as a return visitor to the site. We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us.
4. Supplemental Software.A number of companies offer utilities designed to help you visit Web sites anonymously. Although we will not be able to provide you with a personalized experience at this Site if we cannot recognize you, we want you to be aware that these tools exist.
5. E-mail Communications:We communicate and make special offers available via email. To help us make e-mails more useful and interesting, we may receive a confirmation when you open e-mail from this Site if your computer supports such capabilities. If you do not want to receive e-mail or other mail from us, please adjust your e-mail contact preferences.
6. Information from Other Sources: From time to time, we receive information about you from other sources and add it to our account information.
1. COLLECTION OF INFORMATION
C. More about Cookies
1. Description. Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and to provide enhanced features such as accelerated purchasing, customized and personalized shopping suggestions, and personalized greetings.
2. User Choices.Web browsers typically have the ability to accept cookies, reject cookies, or to prompt the user before accepting them. The help portion of the toolbar of your browser will tell you how to select the option that suits you best.
2. SHARING OF INFORMATION
The information that we collect about our customers is critical to our business. We respect and value this information, and do not want to jeopardize the flow of information between our customers and this Site. Therefore, we are not in the business of selling this information to other Web sites or businesses. There are very limited circumstances where we do share some customer information, and this is outlined immediately below.
1. Third Parties. There may be some transactions that involve a third party. You will clearly be able to tell when a third party is involved in your transactions, and we must share customer information with those third parties to fulfill the order placed by the customer.
2. Protection of this Site.It is sometimes necessary to release account and other personal information when we believe it is appropriate to comply with the law; enforce or apply our Terms of Use and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of this Site, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.Under no circumstances, however, does this include selling, renting, sharing,or otherwise disclosing personally identifiable information from customers for commercial purposes in violation of the commitments set forth in this privacy policy.
3. With Your Consent.Other than as set out above, you will receive notice when information about you might go to third parties, and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information.
3. INFORMATION SECURITY
A. Software Used.To protect the security of your information during transmission, we use SecureSockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input.
B. Order Confirmation.We reveal only the last five digits of your credit card numbers when confirming an order. To process an order, it is necessary to transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company.
C. Signing off.To prevent unauthorized access to sensitive information, it is important for you to monitor those who have access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer.
4. USER ACCESS TO INFORMATION
When you access your account, there is a variety of information that you will see. This is designed to allow you to update any changed information and view the information that you entered previously. This information is sensitive, and it is necessary to both protect this information and keep it current in order to have the best experience at our site.
5. USER CHOICES WITH REGARD TO ACCESS OF INFORMATION
A. General.You always have the right to refrain from providing any information. This may have an impact on use of the site and on the ease of making purchases or taking advantage of certain unique features of the site.
B. Prior Information.You can add or update certain information on pages such as those listed in the“User Access to Information” section above. When you update information, we usually keep a copy of the prior version for our records.
C. Customer communication.If you do not want to receive e-mail or other mail from us, please adjust your account setting regarding email contact preferences. (You cannot waive the applicability of the Terms of Use and other legal notices, such as this Privacy Notice, and if you elect not to receive those notices, they will still govern your use of this Site, and it is your responsibility to review them for changes.)
D. Cookie Choices.The Help portion of the toolbar on most Web browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether.However, disabling cookies means that you will not be able to use the accelerated ordering feature of this site.
E. Anonymous browsing.A large number of products may be accessed without the use of cookies, or anonymously. In addition, the Federal Trade Commission provides useful information about online privacy on its own Web site.
6. CHILDREN
A. General.We do not sell products for purchase by children. We do sell children’s products, but only for purchase by adults. If you are under 18, you may use this Site only with the involvement of a parent or guardian.
7. SAFE HARBOR
A. General.This Site is a participant in the Safe Harbor program developed by the U.S.Department of Commerce and the European Union. We have certified that we adhere to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles agreed upon by the U.S. and the E.U. For more information about the Safe Harbor and to view our certification, visit the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Safe Harbor Web site. If you would more information about the Safe Harbor program, please visit the Web site at http://www.export.gov/safeharbor.
8. TERMS OF USE, NOTICES, AND REVISIONS
A. Acceptance of Terms of Use.By visiting this Site, you accept that your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Notice and our Terms of Use, including limitations on damages, the application of the laws of the state of California, and the use of state and federal courts located in Riverside, California. If you have any concern about privacy at this Site, please send us a thorough description to sales@addersonhealth.com,and we will try to resolve it.
B. Revisions.Because our business changes constantly, we reserve the right to periodically revise our Privacy Notice and the Terms of Use.
C. Applicability.Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account. We stand behind the promises we make,however, and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers.
9. INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE TO US
A. General.Information is collected from you when you do the following activities: search,buy, or communicate with customer service.
B. Examples.For example, information would be collected when a user came to this Site,searched for a product, reviewed a product, added items to your wish list,placed an order through the site, updated your information in your account settings, and called or e-mailed customer service.
C. Information that could be supplied. As a result of any of the above actions, it is possible that you will supply us with such information as your name, address,and phone numbers; credit card information; purchase and shipping recipients,including addresses and phone number; people (with addresses and phone numbers)listed in rapid order processing settings; e-mail addresses of site friends,and other people; and content of e-mails to us.
10.AUTOMATIC INFORMATION
A.General.As discussed earlier, our systems collect information that is sent over the Internet without your control.
B. Examples.Some examples of the information we collect and analyze include the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet; e-mail address; computer and connection information such as browser type and version,operating system, and platform; purchase history, which we sometimes aggregate with similar information from other customers to create features such as bestsellers and product suggestions; the full Uniform Resource Locator (URL) clickstream to, through, and from this Site, including date and time; cookie number; and products you viewed or searched for.
C. Software Used.During some visits we may use software tools such as JavaScript to measure and collect session information, including page response times, download errors,length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page.
11. INFORMATION FROM OTHER SOURCES
Occasionally, we supplement the information that we receive that has been outlined above with information from other sources and companies. Examples of information we receive from other sources include updated delivery and address information from our carriers or other third parties (which we use to correct our records and deliver your next purchase or communicate with you more easily); account information, purchase or redemption information; search term and search result information from some searches conducted through the Web search features;search results and links, including paid listings (such as Sponsored Links from Google).
12. INFORMATION YOU CAN ACCESS
A. General. Information collection and processing is designed to better assist you in shopping and using our site.
B. Examples. Some of the information that we collect and process can be accessed by you.Examples of information you can access easily at this Site include up-to-date information regarding recent orders; personally identifiable information(including name, e-mail, password); payment settings (including credit card information and gift certificates); e-mail notification settings; and recommendations (including recent product view history, and prior order history); shopping lists (including desired item lists).
13. Disclaimer
A. We cannot guarantee the accuracy of the "Suggested" HCPCS codes and Medicare Allowable/Guidelines that appear on the Website.  A. C. Adderson Healthcare, Inc. is not responsible for claims or liabilities that may result from the use of this information.
Copyright © 2020 A.C. Adderson Healthcare, Inc.. All rights reserved.
Powered by nopCommerce