https://www.tzmi.com/terms-of-use
Skip to content
These Terms of Use (the “TERMS”) are a legal contract between you and TZ Minerals International Pty LTD (“TZMI”, “WE” or “US”). The Terms explain how you are permitted to use the website located at the URL: www.tzmi.com as well as all associated sites linked to www.tzmi.com by TZMI, its subsidiaries and affiliated companies (collectively, the “SITE”). By using this site, you are agreeing to all the terms; if you do not agree with any of these terms, do not access or otherwise use this site or any information contained on this site.
Changes
TZMI may make changes to the content offered on the Site at any time. TZMI can change, update, or add or remove provisions of these Terms, at any time by posting the updated Terms on this Site. By using this Site after TZMI has updated the Terms, you are agreeing to all of the updated Terms; if you do not agree with any of the updated Terms, you must stop using the Site.
General use
TZMI provides content through the Site that is copyrighted and/or trademarked work of TZMI or TZMI’s third-party licensors and suppliers or other users of the Site (collectively, the “Materials”). Materials may include publications, news services, newsletters, reports, logos, graphics, video, images, software and other content. Some of the Materials, such as industry reports, must be purchased before you can access and view them. Subject to the terms and conditions of these Terms, and your compliance with these Terms, TZMI hereby grants you a limited, personal, non-exclusive and non-transferable license to use and to view the Materials and to use this Site solely for your personal use. You may also download and print one copy of the Materials for your personal use. Except as provided in these Terms, You may not create, reproduce, distribute, print or share copies of the Materials unless you have the express written permission of TZMI or you have purchased a separate license from Us to do so. You must keep intact all accompanying copyright and other proprietary notices on any Materials that you download and print. Except for the foregoing limited license, you have no other rights in the Site or any Materials and you may not modify, edit, copy, reproduce, create derivative works of, reverse engineer, alter, enhance or in any way exploit any of the Site or Materials in any manner. If you breach any of these Terms, the above license will terminate automatically and you must immediately destroy any downloaded or printed Materials. Using the Site and the Services on the Site. You can simply view the Site. You need not register with TZMI to simply visit and view the Site. However, in order to access certain password-restricted areas of the Site or access and download certain Materials, such as TZMI’s Weekly News Service, you may need to register with TZMI for an account and receive a password.
Privacy Policy. Please review TZMI Privacy Policy (the “Privacy Policy”) which explains how We use information that you submit to TZMI.
Links to Third-Party sites
This Site may be linked to other web sites that are not TZMI sites (collectively, “Third-Party Sites”). Certain areas of the Site may allow you to interact with such Third-Party Sites and, in certain situations, you may be transferred to a Third-Party Site through a link but it may appear that you are still on this Site. In any case, you acknowledge and agree that the Third-Party Sites may have different privacy policies and terms and conditions and/or user guides and business practices than TZMI, and you further acknowledge and agree that your use of such Third-Party Sites is governed by the respective Third-Party Site privacy policy and terms and conditions and/or user guides. You hereby agree to comply with any and all terms and conditions, users guides and privacy policies of any of the Third-Party Sites. TZMI is providing links to the Third-Party Sites to you as a convenience, and TZMI does not verify, make any representations or take responsibility for such Third-Party Sites, including, without limitation, the truthfulness, accuracy, quality or completeness of the content, services, links displayed and/or any other activities conducted on or through such Third-Party Sites.
You agree that TZMI will not, under any circumstances, be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any goods, services, information, resources and/or content available on or through any third-party sites and/or third-party dealings or communications, or for any harm related thereto, or for any damages or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with your use or reliance on the content or business practices of any third-party.
Proprietary Rights
TZMI and associated logos are trademarks of TZMI, registered in Australia, United States and China. Other trademarks, names and logos on this Site are the property of their respective owners. Unless otherwise specified in these Terms, all Materials and all information and screens appearing on this Site, including documents, services, design, text, graphics, logos, images and icons, as well as the arrangement thereof, are the sole property of TZMI, Copyright © 2019 TZ Minerals International Pty Ltd. All rights not expressly granted herein are reserved. Except as otherwise required or limited by applicable law, any reproduction, distribution, modification, retransmission, or publication of any copyrighted material is strictly prohibited without the express written consent of the copyright owner or licensee.
Disclaimer of Warranties
Your use of this Site is at your own risk. The Materials have not been verified or authenticated in whole or in part by TZMI, and they may include inaccuracies or typographical or other errors. TZMI does not warrant the accuracy or timeliness of the Materials contained on this Site. TZMI has no liability for any errors or omissions in the Materials, whether provided by TZMI, our licensors or suppliers or other users. NOTE: The Site and the Materials are for informational purposes only and are not intended to constitute legal, accounting, tax, investment, consulting or other professional advice or services. Before making any decision or taking any action that might affect your personal finances or business, you should consult a qualified professional advisor.
TZMI, for itself and its licensors, makes no express, implied or statutory representations, warranties, or guarantees in connection with this site, the services, or any materials relating to the quality, suitability, truth, accuracy or completeness of any information or material contained or presented on this site, including without limitation the materials. Unless otherwise explicitly stated, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, this site, materials, and any information or material contained or presented on this site is provided to you on an ‘as is,’ ‘as available’ and ‘where-is’ basis with no warranty or implied warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of third-party rights. TZMI does not provide any warranties against viruses, spyware or malware that may be installed on your computer.
Limitation of Liability
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, TZMI shall not be liable to you for any damages resulting from your displaying, copying, or downloading any materials to or from this site. In no event shall TZMI be liable to you for any indirect, extraordinary, exemplary, punitive, special, incidental, or consequential damages (including loss of data, revenue, profits, use or other economic advantage) however arising, even if TZMI knows there is a possibility of such damage.
Certain jurisdictions may not allow limitations on implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain damages. if these laws apply to you, some or all of the above disclaimers, exclusions, or limitations may not apply to you, and you might have additional rights.
Local laws; Export control
TZMI controls and operates this Site from its headquarters in Australia and the Materials may not be appropriate or available for use in other locations. If you use this Site outside Australia, you are responsible for following applicable local laws and for complying with any import and export control laws relating to your use of the Site and Materials in the jurisdiction in which you reside or have accessed the Site or the Materials.
Feedback
If you send or transmit any communications, comments, questions, suggestions, or related materials to TZMI, whether by letter, email, telephone, or otherwise (collectively, “Feedback”), suggesting or recommending changes to the Site or Materials, including, without limitation, new features or functionality relating thereto, all such Feedback is, and will be treated as, non-confidential and non-proprietary. You hereby assign all right, title, and interest in, and TZMI is free to use, without any attribution or compensation to you, any ideas, know-how, concepts, techniques, or other intellectual property and proprietary rights contained in the Feedback, whether or not patentable, for any purpose whatsoever, including but not limited to, developing, manufacturing, having manufactured, licensing, marketing, and selling, directly or indirectly, products and services using such Feedback. You understand and agree that TZMI is not obligated to use, display, reproduce, or distribute any such ideas, know-how, concepts, or techniques contained in the Feedback, and you have no right to compel such use, display, reproduction, or distribution.
General
TZMI prefers to advise you if We feel you are not complying with these Terms and to recommend any necessary corrective action. However, certain violations of these Terms, as determined by TZMI, may result in immediate termination of your access to this Site without prior notice to you. [This agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Australia, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law. If any of these Terms is found to be inconsistent with applicable law, then such term shall be interpreted to reflect the intentions of the parties, and no other terms will be modified. TZMI’s failure to enforce any of these Terms is not a waiver of such term. These Terms are the entire agreement between you and TZMI and supersede all prior or contemporaneous negotiations, discussions or agreements between you and TZMI about this Site. The proprietary rights, disclaimer of warranties, representations made by you, indemnities, limitations of liability and general provisions shall survive any termination of these Terms.
Contact us
If you have any questions about these Terms or otherwise need to contact TZMI for any reason, you can reach Us at TZ Minerals International, Marketing Department, Level 1, 11 Kitchener Avenue, Burswood, Western Australia 6100, Australia, marketing@tzmi.com, or +61 8 9359 6000.
AUSTRALIA: Head Office WE HAVE RELOCATED!Mail: PO Box 1371, OSBORNE PARK, Western Australia 6916 Australia **************** New Office Location: Suite 11/25 Walters Drive, OSBORNE PARK, WA 6017+61 8 9359 6000
USAMail: 339 East Parkwood Avenue, Friendswood TX 77546 USA+1 281 956 2500
PR CHINARoom 03,
Floor 10,
Lucky Mansion,
No. 660 Shang Cheng Road,
Pu Dong,
Shanghai 200120,
PR China+86 (21) 6163 4080
CookiesThis site uses cookies :
Find out moreOkay, thanks