http://www.kwanyick.com/legal/
HomeProductsDistributionAboutRecruitmentContact
Search
Legal
Notice and disclaimer
Unless otherwise stated, this website is for information only. Kwan Yick (UK) Ltd (“KYL”) has used all reasonable care and skill in compiling the content of this website but makes no warranty as to the accuracy of any information on this website and cannot accept liability for any errors or omissions (see Information Liability below).
This Legal Notice is governed by and construed in accordance with English Law. If any part of this Legal Notice is deemed unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable then that part will be deemed severable and will not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining parts.
Site security
Users of this web site are prohibited from violating or attempting to violate the security of the site or services provided herein. Any such violation may result in liability. Violation of the security of the site and services include, without limitation, the following:
Accessing secured data or using secured services not intended for the particular user.
Tampering, hacking, modifying or otherwise corrupting the web site.
Transmitting material that contains viruses, trojan horses or worms with the intention of damaging, destroying, disrupting or otherwise impairing the web site functionality or the operation of the site.
Altering any software or computer data or intentionally enabling others to do so.
Interfering with, intercepting or expropriating data or information on the web site.
Copyright and Intellectual Property
All material published on KYL’s website (unless stated otherwise), is the property of KYL and must not be copied or distributed for any commercial purpose. This includes, but is not limited to, KYL’s logo, graphics, website design and contents. The copyright laws of the United Kingdom protect it. You may view or download information from the site for personal use. Information may not be published in any other format without the express written permission of KYL or the copyright holder. KYL’s or the copyright holder’s prior written permission must be obtained for any other use of material contained in its web pages.
The “look” and “feel” of this site is also subject to intellectual property law. Users of this site must read and adhere to the copyright/trade mark notices. Making alterations to any of the pages, or using content in any other work or publication, will be a direct breach of KYL’s copyright (and/or that of other stated copyright holders) and may result in civil action.
Information Liability
KYL
will use reasonable efforts to ensure that the information on this site is accurate. However, KYL cannot guarantee the accuracy of all information and accepts no responsibility for errors or omissions and reserves the right to make amendments at any time and without prior notice;
will not be liable to users or to any third party for any damages however caused, whether direct, indirect, incidental or consequential relating to or arising out of a visitor's use or misuse of this site. Where a user is dissatisfied with the site terms or services provided, the sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using the site or the services;
shall also not be liable for your use or inability to use the site or the information or services that it contains.
KYL provides hypertext links to third party websites maintained by other organisations as part of our service. Although reasonable care is exercised in providing links to sites that share our high standards, KYL cannot accept any liability for their accuracy or content nor does KYL endorse any externally linked sites nor shall KYL be responsible for the content, security, availability and privacy practices used by such linked sites. KYL cannot guarantee that these links will always work and has no control over the availability of linked pages. KYL expressly excludes liability for loss or damage arising from your use of this site. “Use of this site” includes, but is not limited to, the following:
Reliance placed upon information on the site
The downloading of materials from the site
The accessing of other parts of the Internet or sites from links on this site
In the case of downloading of materials it is your responsibility to ensure that material is virus checked by up to date virus software.
Therefore to the fullest extent permitted by law, neither KYL nor any of its officers or employees shall be liable for any loss, additional costs or damage howsoever arising, suffered as a result of using KYL's website or hyperlinks provided to third party websites. Indemnification by users.
Users of the company's web site agree to indemnify, defend and hold the web site operators, officers, members, employees, agents and business partners harmless from any loss, liability, claim, demand, damage or expense asserted by any third party relating to a visitor's use of this web site or breach of these terms of use.
Privacy Policy
KYL will not disclose personal or confidential information collected through our web-site (or from properly submitted emails) to third parties save with your written authority.
However KYL’s website provides automatic links (hyperlinks) to other third party websites for your convenience. KYL is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of these sites. When you use links to other websites KYL’s Privacy Policy no longer applies and you should refer to the privacy statement of the website you are accessing for details of their privacy policy.
KYL takes your privacy seriously and your rights are protected by the General Data Protection Regulations which have been updated in May 2018.
Data protection statement
KYL will take reasonable and appropriate measures to ensure that your personal information is protected from unauthorised access or modification, unlawful destruction and improper use.
Any personal information that you provide to KYL will be handled by KYL in line with the General Data Protection Regulations which have been updated from 25th May 2018.
Any information which you furnish will not be used for any purpose other than our dealings with you and (unless properly required by law) will not be disclosed to any other parties or transferred to a country or territory outside the European Economic Area.
Privacy_Notice.pdf
Modern Slavery Statement
A) ORGANISATION
This statement applies to Kwan Yick (UK) Ltd (referred to in this statement as ‘the company ’). The information included in the statement refers to the financial year 2018-19
B) ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE
Kwan Yick (UK) Ltd is a family, proprietor led business, based in Newport, Gwent. The company occupy a large modern warehouse and office facility. This is our sole base and location where ambient food goods and packaging, to the oriental market place, is managed and distributed.
Our proprietors the managing director and director, are based here, along with warehouse, sales, distribution and administration teams.
Kwan Yick (UK) Ltd a specialist company distributing wholesale and retail goods to the food service industry, including oriental restaurants, take – away premises, supermarkets, cash and carry establishments and food manufacturers.
The company support our ethos and principle to employ local persons, who include English, Welsh and European nationalities, most of whom are local to Newport or the surrounding areas. Additionally, we employ local Chinese speaking persons, to support our customer service requirements.
C) DEFINITIONS
Kwan Yick (UK) Ltd considers that modern slavery encompasses:
Human trafficking;
Forced work, through mental or physical threat;
Being owned or controlled by an employer through mental or physical abuse of the threat of abuse;
Being dehumanised, treated as a commodity or being bought or sold as property;
Being physically constrained or to have restriction placed on freedom of movement.
D) COMMITMENT
Kwan Yick (UK) Ltd acknowledges its responsibilities in relation to tackling modern slavery and commits to complying with the provisions in the Modern Slavery Act 2015. The company understands that this requires an ongoing review of both its internal practices in relation to its labour force and, additionally, its supply chains.
The company does not enter into business with any other organisation, in the United Kingdom or abroad, which knowingly supports or is found to involve itself in slavery, servitude and forced or compulsory labour.
No labour provided to Kwan Yick (UK) in the pursuance of the provision of its own services is obtained by means of slavery or human trafficking. The Group strictly adheres to the minimum standards required in relation to its responsibilities under relevant employment legislation.
E) SUPPLY CHAINS
In order to fulfil its activities, the company main supply chains include those related to ambient food and packaging providers in the United Kingdom, Europe, Asia and China. We understand that the company’s first-tier suppliers are intermediary traders and therefore they have further contractual relationships with lower-tier suppliers
F) POTENTIAL EXPOSURE
The company considers its main exposure to the risk of slavery and human trafficking to exist in lower tier supply chains in Asia or China because they may involve the provision of labour in a country where protection against breaches of human rights may be limited.
In general, the company considers its exposure to slavery/human trafficking to be relatively limited because it has taken steps to ensure that such practices do not take place in its business or the business of suppliers that supply goods and/or services to it.
G) STEPS
The company carries out due diligence processes in relation to ensuring slavery and/or human trafficking does not take place in its organisation or supply chains, including conducting a review of the controls of its suppliers.
Kwan Yick (UK) Ltd has not, to its knowledge, conducted any business with another organisation which has been found to have involved itself with modern slavery.
In accordance with section 54(4) of the Modern Slavery Act 2015, the company has taken the following steps to ensure that modern slavery is not taking place:
We are reviewing our supplier arrangements or contracts to include termination powers in the event that the supplier is, or is suspected, to be involved in modern slavery;
H) KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS
The company has set the following key performance indicators to measure its effectiveness in ensuring modern slavery is not taking place with suppliers or its supply chains.
The company have advised our direct suppliers of our policy and termination powers
The company have published our policy and position on the company web site
I) POLICIES
The company has the following policies which further define its stance on modern slavery
Our own direct employment arrangements are governed by UK law and regulations
All our staff are employed on a permanent contract governed by  UK employment terms and conditions
The company do not employ casual or gang labour or engage in zero hour contracts
The company will only appoint local reputable local staffing agencies, on rare occasions, if required
J) SLAVERY COMPLIANCE OFFICER
The company has a Slavery Compliance Officer, to whom all concerns regarding modern slavery should be addressed, and who will then undertake relevant action with regard to the Kwan Yick obligations in this regard.
This statement is made in pursuance of Section 54(1) of the Modern Slavery Act 2010 and will be reviewed for each financial year.
Mr Hock Leung Wo, Managing Director, April 2019
Environmental Policy
Kwan Yick (UK) Ltd recognises the importance of environmental protection and will comply with all environmental legislation, regulations and appropriate codes of practice relating to the processes and activities of the company.
In particular, we will achieve this through our commitment to:
comply with all relevant legislation and regulations
regularly review the environmental impact of our activities
endeavour to reduce our overall environmental impact and prevent waste using best practice techniques
source outlets for unsaleable goods including charitable donation
separate waste for recycling and dispose of non-recyclable waste in an environmentally safe manner
involve employees in our environmental programme
sustain a programme of continual improvement in environmental performance incorporating suitable monitoring mechanisms
work with key suppliers to encourage them to develop environmental best practice
improve resource efficiency including our use of water, energy and materials
Our Brands