http://www.pinklighthouse.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Articles & News
Inventory Return
Mary Kay Consultant Stories
Mary Kay Terminology
Mary Kay
Training Documents
Send Us Your Story!
About
Contact
Privacy Policy for PinkLighthouse.com
The privacy of our visitors to PinkLighthouse.com is important to us.
At  PinkLighthouse.com, we recognize that privacy of your personal information is important. Here is information on what types of personal information we receive and collect when you use and visit PinkLighthouse.com, and how we safeguard your information.  We never sell your personal information to third parties.
Log Files
As with most other websites, we collect and use the data contained in log files.  The information in the log files include  your IP (internet protocol) address, your ISP (internet service provider, such as AOL or Shaw Cable), the browser you used to visit our site (such as Internet Explorer or Firefox), the time you visited our site and which pages you visited throughout our site.
Cookies and Web Beacons
We do use cookies to store information, such as your personal preferences when you visit our site.  This could include only showing you a popup once in your visit, or the ability to login to some of our features, such as forums.
We also use third party advertisements on PinkLighthouse.com to support our site.  Some of these advertisers may use technology such as cookies and web beacons when they advertise on our site, which will also send these advertisers (such as Google through the Google AdSense program) information including your IP address, your ISP , the browser you used to visit our site, and in some cases, whether you have Flash installed.  This is generally used for geotargeting purposes (showing New York real estate ads to someone in New York, for example) or showing certain ads based on specific sites visited (such as showing cooking ads to someone who frequents cooking sites).
You can chose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third-party cookies in your browser settings, or by managing preferences in programs such as Norton Internet Security.  However, this can affect how you are able to interact with our site as well as other websites.  This could include the inability to login to services or programs, such as logging into forums or accounts.
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on this site.  Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet.  Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
Recent Comments…
Shay { LJ you da best! } –
Andrea says DO NOT buy Mary Kay inventory
L J { You have successfully parroted back many of the lines MK feeds "consultants." Good for you! It's not a business. You... } –
True or False: You earn 50% of everything you sell in Mary Kay
L J { My straight-forward response can come off as rude to those who expect the same blind sunshine and lollipops hype that... } –
Andrea says DO NOT buy Mary Kay inventory
L J { Hi Sara, It depends on what you define as successful. You can have fun, you can make a little spare... } –
True or False: It only costs $100 to join Mary Kay
Older »
True or False?
True or False: It only costs $100 to join Mary Kay … Get the Answer
Check Out These Posts:
Silly Us! It’s Just Common Sense!
Raffle Winner Gets Basket of Expired Mary Kay Products!
Baltimore Principal Recruited Teachers to Sell Mary Kay
Mary Kay Successful in China
How to Earn a Mary Kay Car and Become a Director: The Mary Kay Career Path