https://www.hermanmiller.com/legal/
Free Shipping on Performance Seating
Store
Contract
Where to Buy
Customer Service
Contact Us
United States
Products
Solutions
Resources
Research
Stories
Work from Home
Seating
Seating
Office Chairs
Side Chairs
Stacking Chairs
Stools
Lounge Seating
Benches
Outdoor Seating
All Seating
Gaming
Smart Office
Smart Office
Wellness App
Live Platform
Desks and Workspaces
Desks and Workspaces
Workstations
Private Office
Desks
Collaborative Furniture
Sit-to-Stand
Benching
All Desks and Workspaces
Tables
Tables
Conference Tables
Sit-to-Stand Tables
Training Tables
Dining Tables
Occasional Tables
Outdoor Tables
All Tables
Storage
All Storage
All Storage
Space Division
Space Division
Room Dividers
Phone Booths and Office Pods
Privacy Screens
Freestanding Screens
All Space Division
Healthcare
Healthcare
Healthcare Casework
Nurses Stations
Healthcare Seating
Healthcare Carts and Storage
Healthcare Technology Support
Healthcare Casegoods
Healthcare Tables
Waiting Area Seating
Waiting Area Tables
All Healthcare
Accessories
Accessories
Technology Support
Power Access
Lighting
Desk Accessories
Decor
All Accessories
Portfolios
Overview
Collection
Thrive Ergonomic Portfolio
Elements
Living Office
Overview
People
Placemaking
Furnishings
Magazine
Small and Medium Business
Overview
Working with Us
Case Studies
Home
Home
Healthcare
Applications
Exam Rooms
Patient Rooms
Nurses Stations
Healthcare Seating
Waiting Areas
Administrative Areas
Laboratories
Materials Management
Pharmacies
Education
Applications
Common Spaces
Learning Spaces
Libraries
Government
Overview
U.S. Federal
U.S. State and Local
Workplace Services
Overview
Smart Office Services
Workplace Consulting
Images
Images
Search Images
3D Models and Planning Tools
Overview
Product Models
Planning Ideas
Symbol Libraries
FAQ
Materials
Materials
Search Materials
COVID-19 Resources
New and Notable
Application Charts
Custom Materials
Chip Charts
Resources
Courses (CEUs)
Overview
Offering
Contacts
link
link
link
0 Matches found
Search
Overview
Legal
Corporate Code of Conduct
Better World Policy
Distribution Rights
Discrimination and Harassment
EEO and Affirmative Action
Related Party Transactions
Insider Trading
Whistleblower and Non-Retaliation Policy
Supplier Code of Conduct
Conflict Minerals
Product Warranty
Trademarks
Patents
Terms of Use
Privacy Notice
Cookie Notice
Exercise Your Rights
Accessibility Statement
California Transparency in Supply Chains Act
Overview
Report a Concern
Corporate Code of Conduct
Policy At Herman Miller, we believe our conduct matters. It is important to do the right thing. Living with integrity and following a clear ethical code has created a good business, a great place to work, and a trustworthy investment. That conduct transcends all areas of our business, including how we deal with each other internally and how we deal with customers, suppliers, alliance partners, shareholders and governments. Remember: We respect the whole person, and we celebrate exploration, transparency, design, performance, engagement, relationships, and inclusiveness because these are "Things That Matter" to us. Our Corporate Code of Conduct reflects these important core values.
Our Code of Conduct sets forth our basic ethical standards and core values that are applicable to all of us all of the time. Our Code is designed to guide us in our work activities wherever we are located. It helps guide us on how to conduct our business and directs us where to go when we have questions or concerns. As a guide, our Code of Conduct also allows us to value the diversity of cultures, people and their experiences.
All employees of Herman Miller and its subsidiaries are responsible for understanding and complying with the Code of Conduct. By living our values and upholding our Code of Conduct, you will help ensure that we continue to strive to achieve the right results, the right way.
Conflicts of Interest
All employees are required to:
Conduct themselves and Herman Miller’s business with honesty and integrity, avoiding both actual and apparent conflicts of personal or professional interests.
Refrain from making improper political contributions or other payments to outside organizations in which they or an immediate family member holds an ownership stake or a senior management role.
Refrain from accepting or being influenced by gifts.
Legal Compliance All employees are required to:
Comply with laws, rules and regulations of federal, state and local governments, foreign governments, and other appropriate private and public regulatory agencies that govern our business. While it is difficult to know the details of these laws, it is important to know enough to determine when to seek advice from work team leaders or other appropriate management personnel, including the Legal department, the People Services department, and the Business Risk group.
Comply with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the anti-boycott laws and any similar local country laws. Specific training on the requirements to comply with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other applicable anti-corruption laws is provided, where relevant, to employees.
Comply with the Company's Anti-trust Policies and all laws and regulations relating to anti-trust regulations, fair competition, and pricing.
Refrain from making or accepting any improper payments or kickbacks or asking others to do so.
Adhere to international human rights conventions and refrain from the employment of child or forced labor.
Lead in the area of environmental responsibilities and compliance with environmental laws, and the environmental policies and practices approved by the Executive Leadership Team.
Company Information and Assets All employees are required to:
Report information accurately and honestly.
Represent our business and products accurately, openly, and honestly.
Act with integrity at all times in business transactions and with business information.
Refrain from using confidential or proprietary information for personal gain, including disclosure of confidential information to a third party, and buying or selling the company’s stock based on nonpublic information.
Comply with the Company's Disclosure and Trading Guidelines when buying or selling company securities.
Safeguard company property and information.
Keep confidential all information designated as such concerning the business interests, affairs, or trade secrets of the company or of any of its subsidiary or affiliated companies.
Use company property for conducting company business and not for personal use.
Workplace Practices All employees are expected to:
Promote ethical behavior in the work environment.
Promptly report dishonest, unethical, or illegal activities by other employees to appropriate parties within the Legal, People Services, or other appropriate departments, including the option for reporting issues to the Theft and Fraud Hotline.
Comply with this Code of Conduct, knowing that failure to do so may result in disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment.
Maintain a safe and drug-free workplace.
Ensure that the workplace is free from discrimination and harassment and respect diversity and every individual.
Waiver to this policy Any waiver of this policy must be given in writing. Waivers may be requested through the Legal Services Department. Waivers respecting financial officers, executive officers, and directors may require approval by the Board of Directors or the Governance and Corporate Responsibility Committee of the Board of Directors and will be promptly disclosed to the Company’s General Counsel and the Director of Business Risk.
Reporting and Enforcement Any breach of the above policy may result in disciplinary action in accordance with the company’s policies as outlined in the Working Together Guide or policy manual that is in effect at the particular location.
If an employee suspects possible violations of the Code of Conduct, Herman Miller policies or laws, such employee has the responsibility to contact People Services or Herman Miller’s Legal Services Department at 616 654 8035 immediately. If the employee wishes to remain anonymous he/she may contact the Theft and Fraud Hotline at 888 840 2387 or 770 582 5209 (from locations outside the USA and Canada). An employee may also choose to file a report using our confidential web-based Internet reporting tool. This reporting tool is staffed by our vendor partner “The Network,” and anonymity is guaranteed.
Regardless of how any suspected violation is reported, there will be no form of reprisal for doing so. Herman Miller will investigate fully all matters related to alleged violations and take appropriate action in accordance with the policies outlined in the Working Together Guide or policy manual that is in effect at the particular location. It is everyone’s responsibility to help create and ensure an effective workplace. Employees are expected to participate fully in any investigation of alleged misconduct.
Herman Miller
About
Awards
Better World
Brands
Careers
Investors
Partners
Press
Our Designers
Our Story
Purpose and Values
Timeline
Videos
For Home
Living Spaces
For Business
Research
Living Office
Small Business Program
Enterprise eCommerce
For Education
Research
Education Solutions
For Government
Federal
State and Local
For Healthcare
Research
Healing Spaces
Get Help
Customer Service
Care and Assembly
Chair Adjustments
FAQ
Warranty
Catalog Opt Out
Nelson Product Recall
Contacts
Contact Us
A+D Representatives
Investor Relations
Media Relations
Shop
Herman Miller Store
Stores
Find a Dealer
Showrooms
Accounts
Account Sign-in
Store Account
Shop the Store
Sign up for our newsletter
Email sign up
Follow Us
United States
© 2020 Herman Miller, Inc.
Privacy
Cookies
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Terms
Accessibility
Legal
CA Supply Chains Act
Sitemap
Site Feedback
A Herman Miller Group Company
Herman Miller
Colebrook Bosson Saunders
Design Within Reach
Geiger
HAY
Maars Living Walls
Maharam
Naughtone
Nemschoff