https://www.quarto.com/sections/policy/terms.php
Our Books
About Us
Investors
News
People
Corporate responsibility
Contact us
Home
Terms & Privacy
Privacy
Cookie policy
Copyright statement
Privacy policy
Terms of use & privacy notice
Privacy policy for job applicants
Website terms of use and privacy notice
The use of the websites at the domain names www.quarto.com, quartoknows.com, thisisyourcookbook.com and buildbecome.com (the “websites”) are subject to the following website terms of use and privacy notice.
The websites are owned and managed by Quarto Group, Inc. (‘we’, 'Quarto', ‘us’) on behalf of Quarto and its subsidiaries, including Quarto Publishing plc (‘Quarto UK’). We are registered in the United States in the Statement of Delaware under registration number 2183103.
For the purpose of the General Data Protection Regulations 2016, the Data Protection Act 2018 and any and all other applicable laws and regulations relating to the processing of personal data and privacy (“the Data Protection Legislation”), we act as the data controller.
By using our websites, you as a user accept these website terms of use and privacy notice and agree to comply with them. If you do not agree with these terms of use and privacy notice, you should cease using the websites immediately.
If you have any questions regarding these website terms of use and privacy notice, please contact us as follows:
If you are based within the European Union, please contact Quarto UK, by email to dataprotectionmanager@quarto.com.
If you are based in the United States or any other country outside of the European Union, please contact Quarto Group, Inc. by email to dataprotectionmanager@quarto.com.
We sometimes change these terms and any changes will be posted on this page.
Whenever you use our websites, please check these terms to ensure you understand the terms that apply at that time.
Other terms that may apply to you
These terms of use refer to the following additional terms and/or policies which may also apply to your use of our websites:
Our Cookies Policy
The terms and conditions relevant to any purchase by you of goods or services through our websites will apply (those terms and conditions will be identified to you at the time of sale).
The Privacy Policy at the following link may also be applicable to you in respect of Quarto Publishing plc’s use and processing of your personal data.
Privacy and our use of your personal data
This website privacy notice will provide you with information about how we look after your personal data when you visit and use our websites (regardless of where you visit them from) including any data you may provide through the websites. It will also tell you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you in relation to processing carried out about persons living in the European Union and processing carried out in the European Union by Quarto UK.
Please note that this privacy notice relates only to the treatment and use of personal data arising from your visiting the websites. Please see the Privacy Policy for further information regarding Quarto UK’s processing of your personal data in other capacities.
The personal data we collect
Personal data means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified.
We may collect and process the following data about you:
Information about you that you give us
The information you give us may include your name, billing address, delivery address, e-mail address, phone number and bank account and payment details. This may be given by you in order to:
Complete an enquiry or contact form;
Purchase our products or services via our websites;
Enquire about a job vacancy advertised on the careers section of www.quarto.com (please also see our privacy policy for job applicants);
Sign up to receive our newsletter and/or investor updates and/or receive offers or promotions;
Enter a competition, promotion or survey; and/or
Sign up to events.
Information collected by us automatically
We may automatically collect information about you such as:
technical information regarding your visit(s) to our websites including, but not limited to, the Internet Protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, geographical location, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform;
information about your visit(s) to our websites including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL), clickstream to, through and from our websites (including date and time), job vacancies you viewed or searched for, page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), methods used to browse away from the page, and any phone number used to call us.
Personal data does not include data where your identity has been removed or which not associated with or linked to your personal data (anonymous data).
We may also collect, use and share Aggregated Data such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated Data may be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data in law as this data does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. However, if we combine or connect Aggregated Data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this privacy notice.
IP addresses and Cookies
Our websites use cookies to distinguish you from other users of our websites. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer’s hard drive. This helps us to provide you with a more personalized service when you browse our websites and also allow us to improve our websites.
You may refuse to accept cookies by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse the setting of cookies. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our websites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you log on to our websites.
How we use your personal data
We will only use your personal information we collect about you as follows:
Information that you give us
We may use the information you give to us to (either directly or via Quarto UK):
Respond to your enquiries as requested by you and in accordance with our legitimate interests;
Provide you with information that you request in accordance with our legitimate interests;
Provide you with goods or services in performance of our obligations under the contract with you;
Process and evaluate your CV or covering letter / job application in respect of any job vacancy you have applied for as a step prior to entering into any contract with you;
Send you our newsletter, investor updates, news or offers / promotions, where you have consented to receive such communications; and
Provide you with information regarding upcoming events where you have consented to receive such communications.
Information collected by us automatically
We may use the information we automatically collect about you to:
Ensure that content from our websites is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer as is in our legitimate interest;
Administer and monitor our websites and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes so as to allow us to provide you with the best possible service and experience as is in our legitimate interest to do so; and
Keep our websites safe and secure as is in our legitimate interest.
Storage and security of your personal data
All of the information you provide to us via our websites is stored on our secure servers which are located in the USA.
Security of your personal data
We have put in place measures to protect the security of your information. Details of these security measures are available on request.
If you choose, or you are provided with, a user identification code, password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential. You must not disclose it to any third party. We have the right to disable any user identification code or password, whether chosen by you or allocated by us, at any time, if in our reasonable opinion you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of these terms.
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal information from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorized way, altered or disclosed. In addition, the access to and use of the personal data that we collect is restricted to those employees who need the personal data to perform a specific job role or activity. They will only process your personal information on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
The transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our websites; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your personal data, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorized access. We urge you to take every precaution to protect your personal data when you are on the internet.
Sharing of your personal data
We may share the personal information we receive through our websites as follows:
Any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, including Quarto UK.
Selected third parties including:
business partners, suppliers and sub-contractors for the performance of any contract we enter into with them or you (for example, for the delivery of goods ordered via our websites); and
those who perform functions on our behalf and who also provide services to us such as professional advisors as it is in our legitimate interest to do so
Retention of personal data
We shall ensure that any personal data that we process for any purpose or purposes shall not be kept for longer than is necessary for that purpose or those purposes. We will retain and delete your personal data for the periods as set out in our Retention Policy. .
Your rights
You have the right to:
Request access to your personal information (commonly known as a "data subject access request"). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal information we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
Request correction of the personal information that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate information we hold about you corrected.
Request erasure of your personal information. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal information where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal information where you have exercised your right to object to processing (see below).
Object to processing of your personal information where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal information for direct marketing purposes.
Request the restriction of processing of your personal information. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of personal information about you, for example if you want us to establish its accuracy or the reason for processing it.
Request the transfer of your personal information to another party.
Where we have relied on your consent for the collection, processing and transfer of your personal information for a specific purpose, you have the right to withdraw your consent for that specific processing at any time. You may withdraw your consent by emailing
dataprotectionmanager@quarto.com. If you would like to withdraw your consent from receiving our newsletter, news, legal updates or any other marketing communications then you can do so using the unsubscribe link at the footer of the email.
Complaints of our processing of personal data
If you are unhappy about the way in which we have collected or processed your personal data or have any other complaint in relation to our handling of your personal data by us, you can make a complaint to the relevant regulatory authority. For most complaints about our processing (particularly if you are located in the United Kingdom) and for any complaints about Quarto UK this will be the Information Commissioner. Further information can be found on the Information Commissioner’s website at ico.org.uk or via their helpline on 0303 123 1113.
Changes to, suspension or withdrawal of our websites
We may update and change our websites, including any content or information displayed or otherwise made available on it, from time to time.
Our websites are made available free of charge.
We do not guarantee that our websites, or any content on them, will always be available or be uninterrupted. We may suspend or withdraw or restrict availability of all or any part of our websites for business and operational reasons. We will try to give reasonable notice of any suspension or withdrawal.
You are responsible for ensuring that all persons who access our websites through your internet connection are aware of these terms of use and other applicable terms and conditions and policies, and that they comply with them.
How you may use material on our websites
Subject to the section Uploading content to our websites, we are the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights in our websites, and in the material published on it. Those works are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world. All such rights are reserved.
You may print off one copy, and may download extracts, of any page(s) from our websites for your personal, non-commercial use or for educational use, and you may draw the attention of others within your organization to content posted on our websites.
You must not modify the paper or digital copies of any materials you have printed off or downloaded in any way, and you must not use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or any graphics separately from any accompanying text.
Our status (and that of any identified contributors) as the authors of content on our websites must always be acknowledged.
Except as otherwise expressly permitted under copyright law, no copying, redistribution, retransmission, publication or commercial exploitation of downloaded material will be permitted without the express permission of Quarto or our licensors.
You must not use any part of the content on our websites for commercial purposes without obtaining a license to do so from us or our licensors.
If you print off, copy or download any part of our websites in breach of these terms of use, your right to use our websites will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made.
Uploading content to our websites
Any content you upload to our websites will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary. You retain all intellectual property rights, including copyright, in your content, but you are required to grant us a limited license to use, store and copy that content and to distribute and make it available to third parties. Please see the terms and conditions for further information regarding the use of your content on our This Is Your Cookbook website.
We also have the right to disclose your identity to any third party who is claiming that any content posted or uploaded by you to our websites constitutes a violation of their intellectual property rights, or of their right to privacy.
Trade Marks
You are not permitted to use our trade marks (whether registered or unregistered) without our approval, unless such use is part of material you are using as permitted under the section above headed ‘How you may use material on our websites’.
Linking to our websites
We do not object to you linking directly to the information on our websites. However we do ask that you contact us first and that you comply with the rules set out below:
You may link to our home page, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it.
You must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists.
You must not establish a link to our websites in any website that is not owned by you.
Our websites must not be framed on any other site, nor may you create a link to any part of our websites other than the home page.
We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice.
Virus protection
Every effort is made to ensure that downloadable content is free from viruses, however, we do not guarantee that our websites will be secure or free from bugs or viruses. Quarto accepts no responsibility for damages resulting from virus infection incurred as a result of using our websites or any link to external sites.
You are responsible for configuring your information technology, computer programs and platform to access our websites. You should use your own virus protection software.
You must not misuse our websites by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material that is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorized access to our websites, the server on which our websites are stored or any server, computer or database connected to our websites. By breaching this provision, you would commit a criminal offense under the Computer Misuse Act 1990. We will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and we will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of such a breach, your right to use our websites will cease immediately.
Links to external websites
Links contained in our websites will lead to other website which are beyond our control.
These links are provided for your information only.
Quarto is not responsible for the content of any linked site.
We do not investigate, monitor or check third party websites for accuracy or completeness. Links and listings should not be taken as an endorsement of any kind and we accept no liability in respect of the content. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all of the time and have no control over the availability of the pages. You are advised to read the terms and conditions of sites you visit via links from our websites.
Our responsibility for loss or damage suffered by you
Whether you are a consumer or a business user:
We do not exclude or limit in any way our liability to you where it would be unlawful to do so. This includes liability for death or personal injury caused by our negligence or the negligence of our employees, agents or subcontractors and for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation.
Different limitations and exclusions of liability will apply to liability arising as a result of the supply of any products to you, which will be set out in our Terms and Conditions of supply.
If you are a business user:
We exclude all implied conditions, warranties, representations or other terms that may apply to our websites or any content on it.
We will not be liable to you for any loss or damage, whether in contract, tort (including negligence), breach of statutory duty, or otherwise, even if foreseeable, arising under or in connection with:
use of, or inability to use, our websites; or
use of or reliance on any content displayed on our websites.
In particular, we will not be liable for:
loss of profits, sales, business, or revenue;
business interruption;
loss of anticipated savings;
loss of business opportunity, goodwill or reputation; or
any indirect or consequential loss or damage.
If you are a consumer user:
Please note that we only provide our websites for domestic and private use. You agree not to use our websites for any commercial or business purposes, and we have no liability to you for any loss of profit, loss of business, business interruption, or loss of business opportunity.
If defective digital content that we have supplied, damages a device or digital content belonging to you and this is caused by our failure to use reasonable care and skill, we will either repair the damage or pay you compensation.
Governing law
If you are a business user, these terms of use, their subject matter and their formation (and any non-contractual disputes or claims) shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of England. Any dispute arising under these Terms of Use shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England.
If you are a consumer user, please note that these terms of use, their subject matter and their formation, are governed by the laws of England. You and we both agree that the courts of England will have exclusive jurisdiction except that if you are a resident of Northern Ireland you may also bring proceedings in Northern Ireland, and if you are resident of Scotland, you may also bring proceedings in Scotland.
Feedback and complaints
Quarto welcomes your feedback. We aim to respond to complaints within 10 working days. If you have a complaint or any other comments about our websites please contact us at dataprotectionmanager@quarto.com.
quartoknows.com
Shop Quarto books online and browse our rich blog content.
submission guidelines
The Quarto Group
Who we are
Investors
News
People
Corporate responsibility
Contact us
Statement on Slavery and Human Trafficking
Terms & Privacy
Cookie policy
Copyright statement
Privacy policy
Terms of use & privacy notice
Follow us
Subscribe to investor alerts
Twitter
Linkedin
Copyright © 2017 The Quarto Group, Inc. All Rights Reserved.