http://www.newcrest.com.au/index.php/terms-and-conditions
Skip to main content
Terms and conditions
Scroll
Users of this website (www.newcrest.com) are bound by the following terms and conditions of use. In addition to these terms and conditions of use, Newcrest's Privacy policy applies to your use of Newcrest's website.
You should review Newcrest's Privacy Policy and these terms and conditions of use carefully and not use Newcrest's website if you do not agree to Newcrest's Privacy Policy or these terms and conditions of use.
Newcrest
For convenience, the expression “Newcrest” is used in this website to refer to Newcrest Mining Limited, its subsidiaries and related entities.
No warranties or undertakings
Whilst Newcrest takes reasonable care to ensure that the content of this website is accurate at the time of publication please note there may be inadvertent and occasional errors or omissions. Newcrest takes no responsibility for any error or omission relating to data or information contained in this website. Newcrest reserves the right to change, add or remove any content in this website from time to time and without notice.
Newcrest does not warrant that data and information contained in this website is accurate, complete, up-to date or that electronic material available for download is free of viruses or other harmful components.
Newcrest makes no undertakings to provide access to this website at any particular time, and will not be liable for any lapse in this website’s accessibility, or any consequences whatsoever that flow from the unavailability of this website.
By accessing this website, you agree that Newcrest will not be liable for any inaccuracies or omissions or any direct, special, indirect, consequential or other damages or losses resulting from use of or reliance on any data or information obtained either directly or indirectly from or through use of this website. All data and information on this website is for your information only and any opinions or decisions based on such material are at your sole risk and responsibility.
The data and information contained in this website does not constitute, and is not intended to constitute, financial advice, or an offer of, or an invitation to purchase or subscribe for, or inducement to invest or otherwise deal in the shares or any other securities of Newcrest.
Newcrest urges you to obtain independent professional advice before proceeding with any investment decision.
Stock quotes
Stock quotes on this website are delayed by a minimum of 20 minutes. All stock quotes and historical price data are provided by third party service providers.
Newcrest has not taken any steps to verify the adequacy, accuracy or completeness of such data and information, and makes no representation or warranties in relation to that data and information. Any omissions, errors and delays in transmission of the data or information are not the responsibility of Newcrest.
All stock quotes and historical price data  are provided for your reference only, and should not be relied on as financial advice or for trading purposes. Please always ensure that you are referring to the most current information and seek independent professional advice before making any investment decision regarding Newcrest.
Copyright and trademarks
Other than material on this website which is sourced from third parties, Newcrest claims ownership of the copyright to this website and for all information on this website and the materials comprised herein. Certain material found on this website is also trade names or trademarks, whether registered or unregistered, of Newcrest that are protected by law.
You may download information on this website for personal use only. The display of trademarks on this website does not imply that a license of any kind has been granted. If you wish to reproduce any information from this website, you may only do so by contacting Newcrest Mining Limited and obtaining permission.
Links
If you are linking to this website from your own website, you must link directly to the homepage of this website (www.newcrest.com) and not to any other page within this website.
You may be able to access other websites operated by third parties by clicking on links provided in this website. Links to these external websites are for your information and convenience. Newcrest has no control over the information on such websites and they are not subject to our information security and privacy standards, policies and procedures.
Newcrest does not endorse and takes no responsibility over the content of such websites. Newcrest will not be liable for any loss or damage resulting from your use of any aspect of any referenced or linked websites and all such use is solely at your risk.
In particular, Newcrest and its personnel do not warrant or guarantee that electronic material available for download from a referenced or linked website is free of computer viruses or other harmful components.
Brokers and analysts
In this website, Newcrest has made references to a number of stockbrokers, analysts, independent third party service providers and financial institutions for your information and convenience. Any opinions, estimates or forecasts made by such third parties regarding Newcrest’s market value or performance are the views of those third parties only.
Such views are not endorsed by and do not represent the opinions, estimates or forecasts of Newcrest or its management.
Exclusions and limitations in these terms and conditions apply to the extent permitted by law.