https://www.data-axle.com/how-we-help/retention/
Skip to content
Search for:
Who We Are
Our Data
Business DataAccess nearly 300 attributes about millions US and Canadian businesses, in real-time.
Consumer DataAlmost 200 consumer attributes updated in real-time and compiled from over 90 sources.
B2C LinkPersonal and professional data attributes in a single profile for a 360-view of your audience.
Donor DataHundreds of attributes on your donor community to inform effective online and offline campaigns.
What We Do
Services
Data ProcessingData hygiene, enhancement, appends, and more to make your data actionable.
Agency ServicesData sciences, consulting, creative, campaign execution, media planning.
Database ServicesMarketing, prospect, and analytic databases built to power your growth.
Lead GenerationB2B and B2C lead gen via opt-in digital placements and co-branded emails.
Data MonetizationMonetize your data with our end-to-end list management service.
Products
Data Axle Apps
Acquisition Platform
Credit Solutions
Inboxable
Local Listings
Reference Solutions
Data Axle USA
Data Axle Genie
Local Results
How We Help
By Need
AcquisitionContinually acquire profitable new customers to grow your business.
IntelligencePower learning opportunities to improve performance and deepen insights.
RetentionReduce attrition and increase lifetime value and loyalty to increase profitability.
Data LicensingLicense our data to build and improve products, applications, and services.
By Vertical
Agency
B2B Technology
Government
Financial Services
Insurance
Library & Academia
Nonprofit & Political
Retail
Resellers
Small Business
Customer Success
Case Studies
Testimonials
Recognition
Design Gallery
Resources
Thought Leadership
Blog
Expert Q&A
News & Media Coverage
Contact Us
866-DATAXLE
Retention
Optimize your retention program with the right services
Our data, in the right hands, can give you an in-depth understanding of your audience and help you design products, features, and programs that meet their needs to give you a competitive edge.
Our 3-in-1 goal:
Retain more customers, increase lifetime value, and grow customer satisfaction.
Our Retention Solutions combine the best of our data, intelligence, consulting, campaign execution, and analytics services to reduce attrition rates, increase lifetime value, and deepen loyalty.
We like winning on behalf of our clients.
Most companies measure retention program success in two ways: reducing attrition rates and increasing average lifetime value. But these often don’t paint the full picture that other engagement metrics such as net promoter score, repeat purchase frequency, and loyal customer rate can provide.
Check out our wins
Loyalty goes both ways. So does ROI.
We measure the ROI of our client programs, but also the ROI a customer receives from our clients. We focus on traditional retention metrics, but add sophisticated artificial intelligence/machine learning engagement models to determine customers’ purchase frequency as well as loyalty and churn indicators. The result is retention of more profitable customers and their conversion into high-value brand advocates.
Reach out to us
"We love solving tough problems and we work tirelessly with a maniacal focus on retention program optimization to exceed your clients’ goals."
Kristen Kleweno
Director, Strategy at Data Axle
Using Display Advertising to Reactivate Lapsed Buyers and Inactive Subscribers
Keeping the sales funnel full can be a challenge for many brands because identifying prospects and getting them to engage often requires significant planning and resources. But what if there was an untapped source of data right at your fingertips – people who are already familiar with your products and have a history with your brand?
275%
ROI for the display ad test
29%
lift in online channels
51%
increase in sales
Make your brand familiar
"We are very encouraged by the results from this integrated cross-channel campaign. We will continue to expand our activities with Data Axle and look forward to optimizing our activation and reactivation programs."
Kathy Hecht, Chief Marketing Officer at Silver Star Brands
Additional products and services in the Data Axle suite
Creative
Consulting
Data Science
Campaign Execution
Inboxable
Consumer Data
Content Spotlight
case study
With Data Axle, Land’s End advanced their customer-centric mission through innovative, data-driven outreach that puts the right message in front of the right people.s
Read this story
whitepaper
The retail shopper’s journey to loyalty
Data Axle surveyed 1,000 shoppers to understand what drives first-time purchases, repeat purchases, and ultimately long-term loyalty to help retailers in their quest to win over shoppers long-term.
Read more
blog
Re-opening & beyond: 5 personalization strategies for retailers
4 ways brands are using consumer data for better personalization and tighter targeting that lead to more effective marketing spends and higher conversion rates.
Read more
Contact us for more information!
We respect your privacy. Data Axle will use the information you provide in accordance with our Privacy Policy. You may opt-out of all marketing communications at any time.