https://www.jawsoflife.com/privacy-policy
HURST Jaws of Life Privacy PolicyWelcome to HURST Jaws of Life (this "Site"), a web site maintained by HURST. HURST is a business unit of IDEX Corporation. IDEX Corporation and its business units are collectively referred to as "us", "our" or the "Company" in this Privacy Policy.This Privacy Policy sets forth our information gathering and dissemination practices for this Site. Because the Company gathers information about users at many points in this Site, we believe you should understand how the Company intends to treat any personally identifiable information users may provide. Personally identifiable information is information that can identify the user, including, but not limited to, your name, email address, street address, telephone number, employer and occupational title.ACCEPTANCEAny use of this Site by you conclusively indicates that this Privacy Policy has been reviewed and accepted by you. If you do not agree with any of the provisions of this Privacy Policy, you should not use this Site.INFORMATION COLLECTEDAt various points in this Site, you may be requested to submit personal information, including, but not limited to, your name, email address, street address, phone number, employer and occupational title. The Company does not collect personal information about you unless you specifically and knowingly provide such information.FormsForms are used on this Site to collect information from you, which will allow us to carry out a number of tasks, including, but not limited to, fulfilling literature requests, responding to product inquiries or technical questions, and processing employment inquiries. Any personal information collected is intended to be used only for delivery or follow-up purposes. In order to effectively respond to and support certain user requests, the Company may share your information with its business channel partners such as distributors and sales representatives for the Company's products. You may opt-out from being contacted or receiving follow-up mailings at any time (See Choice/Opt-Out below).Online SurveysOccasionally, the Company will invite you to participate in online surveys. These surveys may ask you for contact information (for example, your email address), industry information, and demographic information (like your zip code or the state in which your business is located). Contact information is used to contact you if and when necessary with respect to the survey unless otherwise specifically indicated by you. You may opt-out from being contacted or receiving follow-up mailings at any time (See Choice/Opt-Out below). It is not necessary to participate in surveys to use this Site.Public ForumsThis Site makes use of public forums such as discussion groups and message boards. Information disclosed in these areas may be available to other visitors to this Site, and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose any personal information. If after posting any personal information to a public forum you are approached by a third party by email, you should not assume that the Company has released private information about you or that the contact is on behalf of or has been authorized by the Company.Log FilesLike most standard web site servers, this Site's web servers generate log files that store non-personal information about your visit to this Site. The information collected includes, but is not limited to, length of time of visit, pages visited, number of visits, IP address, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and platform type (IP addresses, etc., are not tied to personally identifiable information). Information collected in the log files is used solely for internal use by the Company to analyze trends, administer this Site, track user movements in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate reporting and statistical purposes.CookiesThis Site uses "cookies" in order to help manage your user session (A "cookie" is a file stored on your computer that contains information about your use of this Site). Cookies can help us recognize return visitors, to personalize and enrich your online visits with us, and to collect site-visitation statistics. Cookies used by this Site may include, but are not limited to, your preferred language, your geographic region, and a unique session ID code that allows this Site to keep track of your user session and distinguish it from all others currently active. It is not necessary to have cookies enabled in your browser to access and use this Site. However, some of the features of this Site may depend on cookies, and you may not be able to use those features by refusing cookies.COMMUNICATIONS FROM THIS SITERequest FulfillmentThe Company communicates with this Site's users on a regular basis in order to respond to requests for literature and product information or to answer technical questions. The Company typically communicates via email, regular mail or telephone in accordance with the particular user's wishes.INFORMATION SHARING AND DISCLOSUREThe Company will not sell, rent, share or distribute any of your personally identifiable information collected on this Site to any third parties, except that the Company may share or distribute your personal and non-personal information to its business channel partners such as distributors and sales representatives for the Company's products who sell and service products in which you may be interested.The Company also reserves the right to use your personal and non-personal information for any lawful purpose, including, but not limited to, improving content and generating statistical and aggregate reports for internal use by the Company and its vendors, suppliers, licensees, consultants, advertisers and advisers. These statistics and reports will typically contain only aggregated information. Your personal identity is kept anonymous.Legal DisclaimerAlthough the Company intends to preserve user privacy, the Company may need to disclose personal information when required by law, including, but not limited to, whenever the Company in good-faith believes that such action is necessary or appropriate in connection with a court or administrative proceeding or to comply with a court or administrative subpoena, order or legal process.SECURITYThe Company takes precautions to protect your information online and offline, including secure servers, firewalls and encryption of financial data. The Company also strives to maintain the reliability, accuracy, completeness and currency of your personal information in its databases. However, the Company cannot guarantee that there will be no loss, misuse, unauthorized disclosure, alteration or destruction of your personal information.LINKSThis Site may from time to time be linked to other web sites. The Company is not responsible for the privacy practices of other web sites that are not maintained by the Company. When you leave this Site, you should read the privacy policies of these other web sites and understand that this Privacy Policy does not apply to any web site other than this Site. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by this Site.CHOICE/OPT-OUTThe Company will remove your personal information from this Site's databases or remove you from any mailing lists upon request. All such requests should be sent to contactHURST@idexcorp.comCORRECT/UPDATEThe Company will correct or update information collected from you upon request. All such requests should be sent to contactHURST@idexcorp.comCHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICYThe Company reserves the right to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this Privacy Policy at any time, for any reason, and without notice. You are encouraged to periodically review this Privacy Policy to ensure you fully understand how changes to it may affect you. This Privacy Policy will always be posted on this Site.CONTACTING THIS SITEYou may submit any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this Site or your dealings with it by contacting contactHURST@idexcorp.com
Need help finding something?
Products menu
eDRAULIC®
eDRAULIC® Watertight Tools
StrongArm®
10,000 PSI
5,000 PSI
Specialty Tools
Accessories
Vetter
View All
Stronger, smaller and lighter, our battery-powered rescue tools are quicker than ever.
Learn more about eDRAULIC®
Find the right tool
All eDRAULIC®
(11)
Cutters
(3)
Spreaders
(3)
Combi Tools
(3)
Rams
(2)
S 799 E2 CutterThis cutter takes a huge bite.
272799000
S 788 E2 CutterThe wide-opening S 788 E2 devours anything in its way.
272788000
S 377 E2 CutterThis cutter is like a great white on steroids.
272025000
SP 777 E2 SpreaderThe most powerful 32-inch battery-powered spreader on the market.
271777000
SP 555 E2 SpreaderThe spreader that weighs less but gives you so much more.
271555000
SP 333 E2 SpreaderIt’s stronger, lighter on its feet and a flat-out unstoppable spreader.
271333000
SC 758 E2 Combi ToolWe just one-upped ourselves.
273049000
SC 358 E2 Combi ToolIt combines cutting, spreading and being unstoppable, all in one tool.
273023000
SC 258 E2 Combi ToolThe lightweight superhero gets faster.
273028000
R 421 E2 RamPacks a punch, a 53-inch-long punch.
274085000
R 422 E2 RamEveryone needs a little more ram.
274087000