http://www.mcb-bank.com/privacy-policy
Your privacy is important to MCB Group. This MCB Group Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) describes our privacy procedures, including what type of information is collected, how this information is used, and with whom the information is shared. MCB Group is committed to keeping your personal information safe and secure. This Policy builds on this commitment.
Collecting, Using and Disclosing your Information
Personal Information is defined as personally identifiable information. Personal information that MCB Group collects and processes may include:
Your name, address, telephone number, nature of your business or occupation and date of birth, all of which may be required by law;
Identification, such as a valid driver’s license, ID-card (“Sedula”) or passport. We may also ask for documents such as a recent utility bill to verify your name and address;
Your annual income, assets and liabilities and credit history;
Information about your transactions, including payment history, account activity and how you intend to use the account or service and the source of any incoming funds or assets;
Information we may need in order to provide you with a service such as health information if you are applying for certain insurance products. In some instances, providing this information is optional;
Information about third parties such as your spouse if you are applying for certain services, where this information is required by law; and
Information about beneficial owners, intermediaries and other parties, which is required by law.
Purpose of Data Collection
We may collect your personal information for the following purposes:
To confirm your identity;
To understand your needs;
To set up, manage and offer services that meet your needs;
To satisfy legal and regulatory requirements that we believe are applicable to us;
To help us collect a debt or enforce an obligation owed to us by you;
To respond to a local or foreign court order, search warrant or other demand or request which we believe to be valid, or to comply with the rules of production of a local or foreign court;
To investigate and adjudicate insurance claims, other claims or complaints; and
To prevent or detect fraud or criminal activity or to manage and settle any actual or potential loss in connection with fraud or criminal activity.
Marketing
We may give information (except sensitive information such as health information) about you to other members of MCB Group (where the law allows this) so that these companies may communicate with you directly about their products and services. This consent will also apply to any company that forms a part of MCB Group in the future. You also agree that we may provide you with information about or from third parties we select. Your consent to this is not a condition of doing business with us and you may withdraw it at any time by sending us a written request. We may also ask you for contact information such as your telephone, mobile or fax number or email address, and keep and use this information as well as disclose it to other members of MCB Group so that we or any of these companies may contact you directly through these channels for the purpose of marketing, including telemarketing. This consent will also apply to companies that form a part of MCB Group in the future. Your consent to this is not a condition of doing business with us and you may withdraw it at any time.
Third Parties
For the purposes described in this Policy MCB Group may share your personal data with any company belonging to the MCB Group.
MCB-Group may also share your personal data with third parties. This may include, but is not limited to:
Third parties relevant to the services that we provide;
Third parties that we engage with in order to comply with legal and regulatory obligations;
Third party suppliers in connection with the processing of your personal data for the purposes described in this Policy, such as IT providers, communication service providers or other suppliers to whom we outsource certain support services.
MCB-Group is committed to only transfer your personal data to the above mentioned third parties for the purposes and on the legal grounds stated in this Policy.
Third parties to whom we transfer your personal data are themselves responsible for compliance with privacy legislation. MCB Group is neither responsible nor liable for the processing of your personal data by these third parties. To the extent that a third party processes your personal data as a data processor of MCB Group, MCB Group will conclude a processor agreement with such party that meets applicable requirements.
To be able to provide our services, it may be necessary for us to transfer your personal data to a recipient in a country outside of MCB Group jurisdictions. In that case, MCB Group will ensure that the data transfer is compliant with the applicable law.
Retention of your Personal Information
MCB Group may keep and use information about you in its records for such period of time needed to achieve the goals described in this Policy or to comply with applicable legislation and regulations.
Data Security
MCB Group will collect and process data using suitable technical or organizational measures, in a manner that ensures appropriate security of personal information, including protection against unauthorized or unlawful processing (e.g. such as against malicious hackers) and against accidental loss, destruction and/or damage.
In the unlikely event of a data breach causing high risk to personal information of customers, MCB Group will where required notify the affected customers without undue delay.
What can you do?
When your personal data is collected and processed, you have the following rights:
You have the right to be informed about the collection and use of your personal data;
You have the right to access and obtain copies of your personal information kept in our files;
You may at any time challenge the accuracy and completeness of your personal information and request that it be amended as appropriate;
You have the right to request removal of your personal data at any time;
You have the right to withdraw your consent. You can do by sending an email to our Customer Experience Officer at dataprotection@mcb-bank.com
You have the right to request restriction or suppression of processing activities related to your personal information;
You have the right to data portability which allows you to obtain and reuse  your personal data for your own purposes across different services;
You may ask us to refrain from sending you tailored marketing communications;
If you are dissatisfied, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the local data supervisory authority.
Please note that the above rights are not absolute. There may be circumstances in which MCB Group may be entitled to refuse requests in order to meet its legal and/or regulatory obligations.
Cookies
This site uses different types of cookies including cookies for the operation of this site. Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user's experience more efficient. For certain types of cookies we need your permission.  Some cookies are placed by third party services that appear on our pages. You can at any time change or withdraw your consent from the Cookie Declaration on our website.
Your consent applies to the following domains: www.mcb-bank.com, www.cmbnv.com, www.wib-bank.net, www.mcbbonaire.com, www.bsurearuba.com, www.bsurebonaire.com, www.bsurecuracao.com, www.bsurestmaarten.com, www.cmb-home.com, www.mcb-home.com, www.mcbb-home.com, www.wib-home.com
In addition, we offer mobile applications or services that use information about your location. If you choose to use such applications or services, we may, if the settings on your mobile device allow us, collect information about your location (for example, GPS signals) to provide you with services you request.
Further Information
We may amend this Policy from time to time to take into consideration changes in legislation, technology or other issues that may arise. We will not reduce your rights under this Policy without your explicit consent. We will post the revised Policy on our website, make it available at our branches or we may also send it to you by mail.  Should the changes to the Policy be significant, we will provide you with a prominent notice in writing.
If you have a question or complaint about MCB Group’s Privacy Policy or about the processing of your personal information or you wish to receive an overview thereof, please feel free to contact us at dataprotection@mcb-bank.com or by calling our Contact Center at + 5999 - 4661111.
© 2020 Maduro & Curiel's Group
| Affiliated to Scotiabank | General conditions | Privacy policy | Cookie declaration
Designed and developed by SPIN Internet Media
Follow us on: