http://www.thormx.com/privacy-policy/
Toggle navigation
MOTO
MEN'S
kits
jerseys
pants
off road
jackets & vests
gloves
helmets
goggles
guards
boots & socks
base layers
sportswear
WOMEN'S
kits
jerseys
pants
gloves
boots
guards
women's sportswear
YOUTH
kits
jerseys
pants
gloves
helmets
goggles
guards
boots & socks
sportswear
ACCESSORIES
bags & packs
trackside accessories
stickers & decals
jersey i.d. kit
spare parts
HALLMAN
BIKE
VIDEOS
TEAM
HOW TO BUY
MOTO
MEN'S
kitsjerseyspantsoff roadjackets & vestsgloveshelmetsgogglesguardsboots & socksbase layerssportswearWOMEN'S
kitsjerseyspantsglovesbootsguardswomen's sportswearYOUTH
kitsjerseyspantsgloveshelmetsgogglesguardsboots & sockssportswearACCESSORIES
bags & packstrackside accessoriesstickers & decalsjersey i.d. kitspare parts
HALLMAN
BIKE
VIDEOS
TEAM
HOW TO BUY
Effective as of January 1, 2020
Introduction
LeMans Corporation and its subsidiaries and affiliated companies that link to this
Privacy Policy (collectively, “LeMans,” “we,” “our,” or “us”), respects the
privacy of your information.  This
Privacy Policy is designed to assist you in understanding how we collect, use
and safeguard the information you provide to us in using our websites (the
“Sites”) and the services provided through our Sites (collectively referred to
as the “Services”).
LeMans is a U.S.-based wholesale distributor of aftermarket replacement parts and accessories for the powersports industry. As a distributor, LeMans does business as Parts Unlimited and Drag Specialties.  In addition to distributing products bearing third party trademarks, LeMans also distributes products bearing its trademarks such as “PARTS UNLIMITED®,” “DRAG SPECIALTIES®” “SLIPPERY®” THOR®,” “THORMX,®” “MOOSE®,” “MOOSE RACING®,” “MOOSE UTILITY DIVISION®,” “MOOSE ATV HUNTING PRODUCTS”  “PYTHON®,” “ICON®,” “Z1R®,” “ARCTIVA®,” and “AMS® Tires.”
From
time to time, we may change this Privacy Policy.  If we do, we will post an amended version on
this webpage.  Please review this Privacy
Policy periodically.  Your continued use
of the Site and Services after any such amendment signifies your acceptance
thereof.
Collecting and
Using Information
Personally
Identifiable Information We Collect Online
Through
your use of the Sites and Services, we may collect Personally Identifiable
Information from you.  “Personally
Identifiable Information” is individually identifiable information about an
individual consumer that we collect online and that we maintain in an
accessible form.  We collect the
following types of Personally Identifiable Information:
Information You
Provide
We
may collect the following Personally Identifiable Information that you
voluntarily provide to us:
Newsletter.  When you sign up for our newsletter, you
will provide us with your email address and may provide us with your first and
last name, zip code, and date of birth.Request a Print
Magazine.  When you request
a print magazine, you will provide us with your first and last name, email
address, and physical address.Find a Store.  When you use our dealer locator, you may
provide us with your zip code.Become a Rider.  When you register to become a rider we
sponsor, you will provide us with your first and last name, email address,
phone number, and any other Personally Identifiable Information that you may
voluntarily provide in your application materials, including in a cover letter,
proposal, and photos and any other supporting materials such as your physical
address, age, and, if you are a minor, the name(s) of your
parent(s)/guardian(s). Upon becoming a rider we sponsor, you might provide us
with other Personally Identifiable Information such as a tax payer
identification number, a copy of your driver’s license or birth certificate,
photos and competition finish results. Busted &
Broken Badge.  When you tell us your story to receive a
Busted & Broken Badge, you will provide us with your first and last name,
email address, age, physical address, and may provide us with your phone
number, photos, and any other Personally Identifiable Information that you may
voluntarily provide in sharing your story. Careers.  When you apply for a job online or by email,
we will collect your first and last name, email address, and phone number.  You may also be asked to provide application
materials, such as your resume and cover letter, and provide employment-related
information (e.g., desired compensation and start date).Rider Support.  When you apply for sponsorship, you will
provide us with your first and last name, email address, physical address,
phone number, date of birth, educational information (e.g., grade level and
GPA) and any other supporting materials and, if you are a minor, the name(s) of
your parent(s)/guardian(s).  You also
will be asked to provide other information such as your top racing
accomplishments, current sponsors, current series/districts, and reference
information.  When you log in to your
rider support account, you will provide us with your username, password, and
dealer code. Upon becoming a rider we sponsor, you might provide us with other
Personally Identifiable Information such as a tax payer identification number, a
copy of your driver’s license or birth certificate, photos and competition
finish results.Contact Us.  When you send us any feedback, questions,
comments, suggestions, ideas, or interact with our Sites or Services in any way,
including through email or social media channels, we will receive your first
and last name, email address, phone number, and any other Personally
Identifiable Information that you may voluntarily provide, including your phone
number. If you contact us regarding a specific product you purchased, you might
voluntarily provide us with photos, and any other Personally Identifiable Information
that you may voluntarily provide.
Information as You Navigate Our Sites
We
automatically collect certain Personally Identifiable Information through your
use of the Sites and Services, such as the following:
Usage Information.
We collect information such as which of the pages on the Sites you
access, the frequency of access, and what you click on while on the Sites.Device Information.
We
collect information about the device you are using, such as hardware model,
operating system, application version number, and browser.Mobile Device Information.  In addition to the Device Information listed
above, when you access our Sites via a browser on your mobile device, we
collect and aggregate information about whether you are accessing the Sites via
a mobile device or tablet, device type, and carrier.Location
Information.  We collect location information from Sites
visitors on a city-regional basis.
Third-Party Information
In
some cases, we may receive certain Personally Identifiable Information from you
about a third party.  For example, as
part of our dealer application, you may provide the name, physical address, email
address, and personal phone number of a third party.  If you submit any Personally Identifiable
Information about another individual to us, you are responsible for making sure
that you have the authority to do so and to allow us to use their Personally
Identifiable Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
How
We Use Your Personally Identifiable Information
We use the Personally Identifiable Information we
collect to provide the Services to you, to improve our Services and Sites,
and to protect our legal rights.  In
addition, we may use the Personally Identifiable Information we collect to:
Review
your job application;Process
your dealer application;Process
your rider application;Issue
you a Form 1099-MISC for product or payment we sent to you;Contact
you regarding our products and services that we feel may be of interest to you;Communicate
with you about our Sites or Services or to inform you of any changes to our
Sites or Services;  Respond
to your customer service requests; Maintain
and improve our Sites and Services;Defend
our legal rights and the rights of others;Efficiently
maintain our business; and Comply
with applicable law.
How
We Share Your Personally Identifiable Information
We may share the information that we collect about you in
the following ways:
With service providers who perform data services on our behalf (e.g., email, hosting, maintenance, backup, analysis, etc.);To service providers to prepare, deploy and analyze advertising content;To the extent that we are required to do so by law;In connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings;To establish, exercise, or defend our legal rights, including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention;To any person who we
reasonably believe may apply to a court or other competent authority for
disclosure of that Personally Identifiable Information where, in our
reasonable opinion, such court or authority would be reasonably likely to
order disclosure of that Personal Information;To any other person or
entity as part of any business or asset sale; andTo any other person or
entity where you consent to the disclosure.
Cookies and
Other Tracking Technologies
We
use cookies and other tracking technologies (such as pixels and web beacons)
(collectively, “Cookies”).  “Cookies” are
small files of information that are stored by your web browser software on your
computer hard drive, mobile or other devices (e.g., smartphones or tablets).
We
use Cookies to:
Estimate audience size and usage patterns;Understand and save your preferences for
future visits, allowing us to customize the Sites and Services to your individual needs;Compile aggregate data about site traffic and
site interactions to resolve issues and offer better site experiences and tools
in the future; andRecognize when you return to the Sites.
We
set some Cookies ourselves and others are set by service providers.  We use Cookies set by service providers to
provide us with useful information to help us improve our Sites and Services,
to conduct advertising, and to analyze the effectiveness of advertising.
Cookies can be blocked by changing
your Internet browser settings to refuse all or some Cookies.  If you choose to block all Cookies (including
essential Cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of the Sites.
You can find out more about Cookies
and how to manage them by visiting www.AboutCookies.org.
You can understand which third
parties have currently enabled Cookies for your browser or mobile device and
how to opt-out of some of those Cookies by accessing the Network
Advertising Initiative’s website
or the Digital
Advertising Alliance’s website.  For more information on mobile specific
opt-out choices, visit the Network
Advertising Initiative’s Mobile Choices website.
Third Party
Processors
To ensure that your Personally
Identifiable Information receives an adequate level
of protection, we have put in place appropriate procedures with the service
providers we share your Personally
Identifiable Information with to ensure that your Personally
Identifiable Information is treated by those service
providers in a way that is consistent with and which respects the applicable
laws on data security and privacy.  For example, we use service
providers to manage our newsletter programs and to process payment on our
dealer portals.  We instruct them not to
use your Personally Identifiable Information for any other purpose.  We do not collect or receive the information
provided to payment processors.
Google
Analytics
We use
Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc.  Google Analytics uses Cookies or other
tracking technologies to help us analyze how users interact with the Sites
and Services, compile reports on
their activity, and provide other services related to their activity and
usage.  The technologies used by Google
may collect information such as your IP address, time of visit, whether you are
a returning visitor, and any referring website.
The technologies used by Google Analytics do not gather information that
personally identifies you.  The
information generated by Google Analytics will be transmitted to and stored by
Google and will be subject to Google’s privacy policies.  To learn
more about Google’s partner services and to learn how to opt-out of tracking of
analytics by Google, click here.
“Do Not Track”
Signals
Some
internet browsers incorporate a “Do Not Track” feature that signals to websites
you visit that you do not want to have your online activity tracked.  Given that there is not a uniform way that
browsers communicate the “Do Not Track” signal, the Sites do not currently interpret,
respond to or alter its practices when it receives “Do Not Track” signals.
Choices About
Your Personally Identifiable Information
Review
and Request Changes to Your Personally Identifiable Information
You
may use your account to access, correct, or view certain Personally
Identifiable Information we have collected and which is associated with your
account.  To review or request changes to
any of your Personally Identifiable Information, please contact us at Privacy@Parts-Unltd.com.
Marketing
Communications
To
unsubscribe from emails from us, please click the unsubscribe link included in
the footer of our emails.  You also may
submit a request to us at Privacy@Parts-Unltd.com.
Security
We
maintain commercially reasonable security measures to protect the Personally
Identifiable Information we collect and store from loss, misuse, destruction,
or unauthorized access.  However, no
security measure or modality of data transmission over the Internet is 100%
secure.  Although we strive to use
commercially acceptable means to protect your Personally Identifiable
Information, we cannot guarantee absolute security.
Third-Party
Links
The
Sites and Services may contain links that will let you leave the Sites and
Services and access another website.
Linked websites are not under our control.  Except as stated below, this Privacy Policy
applies solely to Personally Identifiable Information that is acquired on this
Sites and Services.  We accept no
responsibility or liability for these other websites.
Notice to
Nevada Residents
Nevada
law allows Nevada residents to opt-out of the sale of certain types of personal
information.  Subject to a number of exceptions,
Nevada law defines “sale” to mean the exchange of certain types of personal
information for monetary consideration to a person for the person to license or
sell the information to additional persons.
We do not currently sell personal information as defined in the Nevada
law.  However, if you are a Nevada
resident, you still may submit a verified request to opt-out of sales and we
will record your instructions and incorporate them in the future if our policy
changes.  Opt-out requests may be sent to
Privacy@Parts-Unltd.com.
Notice to
California Residents
The
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) requires that we provide California
residents with a privacy policy that contains a comprehensive description of
our online and offline practices regarding the collection, use, disclosure, and
sale of personal information and of the rights of California residents
regarding their personal information.
The
CCPA defines “personal information” to mean information that identifies,
relates to, describes, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably
be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household.  Personal information does not include
information that is publicly available, deidentified or aggregate information.  For purposes of this “Notice to California
Residents” section we will refer to this information as “Personal
Information.”
The
CCPA contains an exception that is relevant to us.  Some of the CCPA’s privacy rights explained
below do not apply to personal information reflecting a written or verbal
communication or a transaction between us and a consumer, where the consumer is
acting as an employee, owner, director, officer, or contractor of another
entity and when the communication or transaction occur solely within the
context of us conducting due diligence regarding, or providing or receiving a
product or service to or from such entity.
Right
to Know About Personal Information Collected, Disclosed, or Sold
Your Right
If
you are a California resident, you have the right to request that we disclose
what Personal Information we have collected about you in the 12-month period
preceding your request.  This right
includes the right to request any or all of the following:
Specific pieces of Personal Information that we have collected about you;Categories of Personal Information we have collected about you;Categories of sources from which the Personal Information was collected;Categories of Personal Information that we sold (if applicable) or disclosed for a business purpose about you;Categories of third parties to whom the Personal Information was sold (if applicable) or disclosed for a business purpose; andThe business or commercial purpose for collecting or, if applicable, selling Personal Information.
The
CCPA defines “sell” to mean selling, renting,
releasing, disclosing, disseminating, making available, transferring, or otherwise
communicating orally, in writing, or by electronic or other means, a California
resident’s Personal
Information to another business or a third party for monetary or
other valuable consideration.
How to Submit a Request to Know
You
may submit a request to know to Privacy@Parts-Unltd.com or by calling
us at 1-888-606-6443.
Our Process for Verifying a Request to
Know
If we determine that your request is subject to an exemption, we
will notify you of our determination.  If
we determine that your request is not subject to an exemption, we will comply
with your request upon verification of your identity and, to the extent
applicable, the identity of the California resident on whose behalf you are
making such request.  We will verify your
identity as follows:
Request
to Know Categories of Personal Information:  We will verify your identity to a “reasonable
degree of certainty” by verifying at least two data points that you previously
provided to us and which we have determined to be reliable for the purpose of
verifying identities.
Request
to Know Specific Pieces of Personal Information:  We will verify your identity to a “reasonably
high degree of certainty” by verifying at least three pieces of Personal
Information previously provided to us and which we have determined to be
reliable the purpose of verifying identities.  In addition, you will be required to submit a
signed declaration under penalty of perjury stating that you are the individual
whose Personal Information is being requested.
Collection of
Personal Information
The following table presents the categories of Personal Information that we have collected, the categories of sources from which that information was collected, and the categories of third parties with whom we shared that Personal Information for the 12 months preceding the Effective Date of this Privacy Policy.
Categories of Personal Information CollectedCategories
of Sources from which Personal Information was Collected
Business
or Commercial Purpose for the Collection
Categories
of Third Parties with whom We Share Personal Information
Name; Email Address;
Postal Address; Telephone Number
Consumer
Providing customer service
Verifying customer information
Data analytics provider
Bank Account Number
Consumer
Enabling or effecting, directly or indirectly, a commercial transaction
Other Online Identifiers – Social Media Accounts
Consumer
Providing customer service
Verifying customer information
Providing analytic services
Signature; Education Information; Gender; Age (40 and
older); Visual Information
Consumer
Providing customer service
Verifying customer information
Cookies, beacons, pixel tags, or other similar
technology
Consumer
Providing customer service
Providing advertising or marketing services
Inducing another person to buy products goods, property, information, or services
Data analytics provider
Advertising networks
*Please see “Cookies
and Other Tracking Technologies” section above for more information as to our
use of cookies.
Internet Protocol
address; Browsing history; Geolocation data; Information regarding consumer’s
interaction with website, application or advertisement; Search history
Consumer
Providing analytic services
Providing customer service
Data analytics provider
Disclosure or Sale of Personal Information
We
have not sold to third parties any Personal Information for the 12 months preceding the Effective Date of this Privacy Policy.
The
following is a list of categories of Personal Information that we have
disclosed about consumers for a business purpose in the 12 months preceding the
Effective Date of this Privacy Policy:
Cookies,
beacons, pixel tags, or other
similar technology
We
do not sell the Personal Information of minors under 16 years of age without
affirmative authorization.
Right
to Request Deletion of Personal Information
Your Right
If
you are a California resident, you have the right to request that we delete the
Personal Information about you that we have collected or maintain.  However, a business is not required to comply
with a request to delete if it is necessary for the business to maintain the
Personal Information in order to, for example, complete a transaction, detect
security incidents, comply with a legal obligation, or otherwise use the
Personal Information, internally, in a lawful manner that is compatible with
the context in which the consumer provided the information.
How to Submit a Request to Delete
You
may submit a request to delete to Privacy@Parts-Unltd.com or by calling
us at 1-888-606-6443.
If
you submit a request to delete online, you will be asked to confirm separately
that you want your Personal Information deleted.
Our Process for Verifying a Request
If we determine that your request is subject to an exemption, we will
notify you of our determination.  If we
determine that your request is not subject to an exemption, we will comply with your request upon verification of your
identity and, to the extent applicable, the identity of the California resident
on whose behalf you are making such request.
Our verification process may differ depending on whether you maintain a password-protected
account with us.
If you maintain a password-protected account, we may verify your
identity through existing authentication practices available through your
account.  Prior to deleting the Personal
Information, we will ask you to re-authenticate yourself with respect to that
account.
If you do not maintain a password-protected account, or if you are
an account-holder but we suspect fraudulent or malicious activity with your
account, we will verify your identity either to a “reasonable degree of
certainty” or a “reasonably high degree of certainty” depending on the
sensitivity of the Personal Information and the risk of harm to you by
unauthorized deletion.
We
will verify your identity to a “reasonable degree of certainty” by verifying at
least two data points that you previously provided to us and which we have
determined to be reliable for the purpose of verifying identities.
We
will verify your identity to a “reasonably high degree of certainty” by
verifying at least three pieces of Personal Information previously provided to
us and which we have determined to be reliable the purpose of verifying
identities.  In addition, you will be
required to submit a signed declaration under penalty of perjury stating that
you are the individual whose Personal Information is being requested.
Notice
of Right to Opt-Out of Sale of Personal Information
Your Right
If
you are a California resident, you have the right to direct a business that
sells (or may in the future sell) your Personal Information to stop selling
your Personal Information and to refrain from doing so in the future.
The
CCPA defines “sell” to mean selling, renting,
releasing, disclosing, disseminating, making available, transferring, or
otherwise communicating orally, in writing, or by electronic or other means, a
California resident’s Personal
Information to another business or a third party for monetary or
other valuable consideration.
We do not and will not sell Personal
Information as it is defined in the CCPA.
Right
to Non-Discrimination for the Exercise of a California Resident’s Privacy
Rights
We will not
discriminate against California residents if they exercise any of the rights
provided in the CCPA as described in this section “Notice to California Residents.”
As such, we will not deny goods or services to that California resident;
charge different prices or rates for goods or services, including through the
use of discounts or other benefits or imposing penalties; provide a different
level or quality of goods or services to the California resident; or suggest
that the California resident will receive a different price or rate for goods
or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.  However, we are permitted to charge a
California resident a different price or rate, or provide a different level or
quality of goods or services, if that difference is reasonably related to the
value provided to us by the individual’s data.
Authorized
Agents
California
residents may use an authorized agent to submit a request to know or delete on
your behalf.
If you use an
authorized agent to submit a request to know or request to delete, we may
require that (1) the authorized agent provide proof of your written permission
and (2) you verify your identity directly with us.  These requirements do not apply if you have
provided the authorized agent with a power of attorney pursuant to California
Probate Code sections 4000 to 4465.
Shine
the Light Law
We
do not disclose personal information obtained through our Sites or Services to
third parties for their direct marketing purposes.  Accordingly, we have no obligations under
California Civil Code § 1798.83.
Accessibility
We are committed to ensuring this Privacy Policy is
accessible to individuals with disabilities.  If you wish to access this Privacy Policy in
an alternative format, please contact us as described below.
How to Contact
Us
To
contact us for questions or concerns about our privacy policies or practices
please contact us via any of the following methods:
In writing:
LeMans Corporation
3501 Kennedy Road
PO Box 5222
Janesville WI 53547-5222
1-888-606-6443
By email: Privacy@Parts-Unltd.com