http://www.cometskateboards.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy | Comet Skateboards
Please select a menu.
0$0
SEARCH
CometCometCruiser
Orbiter
Comet’s Path
0$0
SEARCH
Cruiser
Orbiter
Comet’s Path
Contact Us
My Account
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Effective date: April 15, 2019
This policy describes how Comet Skateboards and its parent, subsidiary, and affiliate companies (collectively, “Comet,” “we,” or “us”) collect, use and share information collected through the mail, Comet wholesale accounts, cometskateboards.com and other websites that link to this privacy policy, and Comet mobile services (collectively, the “Comet Services”).
How We Collect and Use Information
Personally Identifiable Information (“PII”)
We may collect personally identifiable information (“PII”) such as your name, your contact information, your shipping information, and your billing information (such as credit card account data). We collect PII when you provide it to us through your use of the Comet Services, for example when you interact with our websites, place an order, or sign up for our mailing list. We may combine the PII we collect with additional information from other third-party sources.
We use the PII that we collect to provide the Comet Services (such as to process and ship your orders or respond to customer service requests), to analyze and improve the Comet Services, and to conduct marketing. If you register for email or if you provide your email address to us, we will send you emails about a variety of topics such as store events, new products, special sales, promotional offers from our affiliates or other selected business partners, environmental issues, and employment opportunities. Please see below for your choices regarding how we collect, use, and share your PII.
We share email activity data with our marketing email provider to help them better target email deployments to consumers. While our marketing email provider has access to email address and email activity and may share bulk/non-specific activity data, no Email addresses or specific email actions are ever shared with other third parties. Should a consumer wish to opt out of this sharing, that consumer simply needs to opt out of marketing email from us.
Geographic Location
We do not store geographic location data in combination with PII. If you do not want us or third parties to collect and use your device’s geographic location, you can control this function in your application settings (if your device offers this type of control), by disabling location services for your device.
Non-Personal Information
We automatically collect certain non-personal information when you use Comet Services. For example, we collect information about the devices you use to connect to our services (such as the IP address of your computer or numeric identifier of your mobile device) and about how you use Comet Services (such as what time you visit our websites). We, and our advertisers and ad servers, may also collect non-personal information outside the Comet Services to measure the success of our advertising campaigns. We use the non-personal information that we collect for a variety of purposes such as to provide and improve the Comet Services, and to analyze and offer our advertising.
Our website also uses third-party analytics vendors such as Google Analytics. Please click here for more information about how data is collected and processed in connection with the Google Analytics service. We and our third-party vendors or partners use analytics data for a variety of purposes such as to improve the design and content of our websites, to help us learn things like what pages are most attractive to all of our visitors and what promotions visitors like to see, and to gauge the success of our advertising campaigns.
Information You Post
All information that you share about yourself, whether PII or not, in a public open forum – such as on a social network – will be considered public information for the purposes of this policy. If you don’t want it to be public, please don’t post it.
How We Share Information
We do not disclose your PII to third parties, except as follows:
After giving you notice and an opportunity to choose not to share the information;
To companies that provide services to us or perform functions on our behalf (such as processing credit card payments or taking orders) and have agreed to use your information only for the purposes we request;
For us to send offers to Comet customers on behalf of our affiliated companies and on behalf of other non-affiliated partners (such as environmental groups and other non-profit organizations that we support);
To other selected reputable companies, we may disclose your name and postal address (but not your email address or credit card information) so that they can mail you information that may interest you;
When we believe disclosure is appropriate to comply with applicable law, legal process, and/or governmental authorities;
When we believe disclosure is appropriate to enforce our Terms of Use and other agreements, or to protect our rights, our customers, our property, our employees, or others; and
If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, partial or total sale of assets, or other corporate change.
We may disclose de-identified, aggregated, or other non-personal information to third parties in our discretion. The Comet Services or our offerings on social media platforms may include commenting, forums, sharing, or other similar features. Information that you provide using these features may be available to other users or the general public.
Your Choices
With your PII – like the information you give us to fulfill an order – you have the option to change or correct your information and the choice of not hearing from us again. There are several ways you can control our use of your PII in connection with marketing and promotions.
To remove your name from our lists. You can choose to decline communications from us at the point that we request your PII. After we have collected your PII, you can choose to stop our communications or our service, or stop us from sharing your information with other companies for their marketing purposes. To exercise any of these options, please contact us by mail, email, or telephone using the contact information below.
To stop email communications.
If you receive email communications from us and want to opt out of receiving such communications in the future, you can click the “Unsubscribe” link at the bottom of the promotional email.
Other choices.
Please see below to learn about your choices with regard to our use of cookies and interest-based advertising.
Correcting or Updating Your Information
If you would like to request changes to the PII that you have previously provided to us, please contact us by mail, email, or telephone using the contact information below.
Cookies
We may use “cookies,” “web beacons,” and other similar technologies to collect information in connection with the Comet Services and our advertisements. A “cookie” is a computer file that acts as an identification card for your computer to distinguish your browser from others and enable us to serve you better. For example, we use cookies to save products in your shopping cart while you browse our websites and to track the effectiveness of our marketing and advertising campaigns. Similarly, a “web beacon” is a technology that can recognize specific cookies and convey information about that browser. We do not use these technologies to collect PII. We may also use technologies, such as our own cookies, to provide you with personalized online display advertising tailored to your interests.
Most browsers accept cookies automatically. You may be able to set your browser to reject and/or delete cookies. For instructions, check your browser’s technical information. However, if you reject or delete cookies then this may disable or interfere with features of the Comet Services or other websites you visit. We recommend that you leave cookies “turned on” so we can offer you a better shopping experience on our sites.
Interest-Based Advertising
We may work with third-party advertising companies that collect and use information about your online activities across sites over time, in order to deliver more relevant advertising when you are using the Comet Services and elsewhere on the Internet. This practice is known as interest-based advertising. You may visit www.aboutads.info to learn more and to opt out of this type of advertising by companies participating in the Digital Advertising Alliance self-regulatory program. We do not operate or control this site, and are not responsible for the opt-out choices available there. Note that electing to opt out will not stop advertising from appearing in your browser or applications. It may make the ads you see less relevant to your interests. If you delete, block or otherwise restrict cookies or use a different computer or Internet browser, you may need to renew your opt-out choice.
Children
The online Comet Services are not intended for the use of individuals under the age of 13, and we do not knowingly collect information online from individuals under the age of 13.
Links to Third Parties and Social Media
Our website may contain links to third-party online properties. Such third parties have their own policies that govern their collection, use, and disclosure of information. We suggest that you read their privacy policies to learn about their practices.
Social media provides tools that many of our customers use and enjoy, and we include links to various social media platforms on our websites. If you interact with these social media tools through our websites, your experience on those social media sites will be governed by the privacy and other policies of those sites. So, the privacy settings you have chosen on those sites will determine the degree to which your information is made public. We encourage you to choose your privacy settings on those sites accordingly.
Safeguarding your PII
We have reasonable and appropriate physical, electronic, and administrative measures in place to safeguard the security of your personal information. However, when you communicate with customer service via email or chat on our websites, these communications may not be encrypted. For that reason, we ask that you do not share sensitive information via these communication channels.
Updates to the Privacy Policy
If we modify this Privacy Policy, we will post the revised Privacy Policy online. We will notify you if the policy changes in any material way by sending a notice to the email address you provided us or by placing a prominent notice on our website at cometskateboards.com. You should check regularly to see if this Privacy Policy has changed.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can email, write, or call us:
team@cometskateboards.com
Comet Customer Service
97 Broadcommon Road
Bristol, RI 02809
650.996.0616
Comet’s Path
Contact Us
Your Account
Warranty & Return Policy
Privacy Policy