http://www.pbsanimalhealth.com/pages/questions-about-us-privacy-policy
Accessibility Information
Skip to Main Content
Skip to Primary Navigation
Talk to us!
800-321-0235
Online Catalog
Stores
Quick Order
Order Status
My Account
Hello! Sign in
Mobile Navigation
Menu
Cart
Cart
Your #1 Animal Health Products Headquarters
search
Dairy
Beef
Horse
Swine
Sheep & Goat
Poultry
Pet
More Animals
New
Sale
SAME DAY SHIPPING
order by 4PM ET Mon-Fri
FREE SHIPPING
No $7.50 Minimum Order Charge when you spend $75+ (some exclusions apply)
Home
Questions?
About Us
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
PBS Animal Health Privacy Policy
Last modified: 8/20/18
Introduction
PBS Animal Health respects your privacy and is committed to
protecting the security of your personal data and other
personally identifiable information (“PII”). This Privacy
Notice describes how PBS Animal Health and its parent company and
associated entities. (collectively, "we," or "us") collect and
process your personal data.   This Privacy Notice
describes the categories of personal data that we collect, how we
use your personal data, how we secure your personal data, and
when we may disclose your personal data to third parties. We will
process your personal data in accordance with this Privacy Notice
unless you consent, or as otherwise required by applicable law.
It is important that you read this privacy notice, together with
any other privacy notice we may provide on specific occasions
when we are collecting or processing personal data about you, so
that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your
data.
Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and
practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If
you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is
not to use our Website. By accessing or using this Website, you
agree to this privacy policy.
This policy may change from time to time (see Changes to
Our Privacy Policy). Your continued use of this Website
after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those
changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.
PLEASE NOTE: Children Under the Age of
18Our Website is not intended for use by
children under 18 years of age. If you are under 18
years old, you must have a parent or legal guardian register
and/or make the purchase for you. Please do not make any
purchases through the Website, or provide any information about
yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number,
email address, or any screen name or user name.
We encourage parents to talk with their children about using the
Internet safely and the dangers of communicating with strangers
and disclosing personal information online. If we learn we have
collected or received personal information from a child under 18
without verification of parental consent, we will delete that
information. If you would like to request that we delete any
information from or about a child under 18, please contact us at
WeCare@pbsanimalhealth.com
THE DATA WE COLLECT ABOUT
YOU Personal data, or personal information,
means any information about an individual from which that person
can be identified. It does not include data where the identity
has been removed (anonymous data).
We may collect, use, store, and transfer different kinds of
personal data about you which we have grouped together as
follows:
• Identity Data which includes first name, last
name, marital status, title, date of birth and gender.
• Contact Data which includes billing address,
delivery address, email address, and telephone numbers.
• Financial Data which includes bank account and
payment card details.
• Transaction Data which includes details about
payments to and from you and other details of products and
services that you have purchased from us.
• Technical Data which includes internet
protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser type and version,
browser use, time zone setting and location, the length of time
of your visit, the pages you looked at on our site, browser
plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform, and
other technology on the devices you use to access this
website.
• Profile Data which includes your username and
password, purchases or orders made by you, your interests,
preferences, feedback and survey responses.
• Usage Data which includes information about
how you use our website, products and services.
• Marketing and Communications Data which
includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our
third parties and your communication preferences.
We may also collect, use and share Aggregated Data such as
statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated Data
may be derived from your personal data but is not considered
personal data under the law, as this data does not directly or
indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate
your Usage Data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a
specific website feature. However, if we combine or connect
Aggregated Data with your personal data so that it can directly
or indirectly identify you, we will treat the combined data as
personal data which will be used in accordance with this privacy
notice.
HOW IS YOUR PERSONAL DATA COLLECTED?
We use different methods to collect data from and about you,
including through:
• Direct interactions. You may give us your
Identity, Contact and Financial Data by filling in forms,
electronically or otherwise, or by corresponding with us in
person or by post, phone, email or any other method. This
includes personal data you provide when, for example, you:
• create an account on our website
• fill out a “Contact Us” or “Request More Information” form on
our website
• order our products or services
• subscribe to our service or publications
• request marketing to be sent to you
• enter a competition, promotion or survey
• give us feedback
• Automated technologies or interactions. As you
interact with our website, we may automatically collect Technical
Data about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns. We
collect this personal data by using cookies, web beacons, server
logs and other similar technologies.
• Third parties or publicly available sources.
We may receive personal data about you from various third parties
and public sources as set out below:
• Technical Data from analytics providers,
marketing tools providers, and search information
providers.
• Contact, Financial and Transaction Data from
providers of technical, payment and delivery services;
• Identity and Contact Data from data brokers or
aggregators; or
• Identity and Contact Data from publicly
available sources.
HOW WE WILL USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We may process your personal data for the following purposes as
well as for the purposes of performing any service contracts we
may have with you:
• To register you as a new customer
• To process and deliver your order
• To manage payments, fees and charges
• To collect and recover money owed to us
• To manage our relationship with you and provide you with
effective customer support
• To notifying you about changes to our terms or privacy
policy
• New feature announcements
• When asking you to leave a review or take a survey
• To verify your eligibility and deliver prizes in connection
with promotions, contests and sweepstakes
• To enforce our terms and conditions
• To administer and protect our business and this website
(including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system
maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data)
• To deliver relevant website content and advertisements to you
and measure or understand the effectiveness of the advertising we
serve to you
• To use data analytics to improve our website,
products/services, marketing, customer relationships and
experiences
• To make suggestions and recommendations to you about goods or
services that may be of interest to you
• To comply with applicable law
• To perform other functions as described to you at the time of
collection
We may also process your personal data:
• To prevent fraud.
• To administer IT services, ensure network and information
security, including preventing unauthorized access to our
computer and electronic communications systems and preventing
malicious software distribution.
Use of Information We Collect Through Automatic Data
Collection Technologies.
We use third-party service providers, such as Google, to serve
ads on our behalf across the Internet. They may collect anonymous
information about your visit and interaction with our products.
They may also use information about you to target ads for
products and services that may be of interest to you. They may
place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser to enable you
to receive customized ads. Demographic or other interest data may
be associated with your browser or device in a non-personally
identifiable manner. We also may use automated data collection
technologies to collect information about your online activities
over time and across third-party websites or other online
services.
The information we collect automatically is statistical data and
may include personal information or we may maintain it or
associate it with personal information we collect in other ways
or receive from third parties. It helps us to improve our Website
and to deliver a better and more personalized service, including
by enabling us to:
· Store information about your preferences, allowing us to
customize our Website according to your individual
interests.
· Speed up your searches.
· Recognize you when you return to our Website.
· Estimate our audience size and usage patterns.
The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may
include:
· Cookies (or browser cookies). A cookie is a
small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. You may
refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate
setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting it
may affect your user experience. Unless you have adjusted your
browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will
issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Website.
· Web Beacons. Pages of our Website and our
emails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons
(also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel
gifs) that permit the Company, for example, to count users who
have visited those pages or opened an email and for other related
website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of
certain website content and verifying system and server
integrity).
Opting OutYou can request to opt out of
receiving promotional marketing emails by clicking unsubscribe at
the bottom of any email that you receive from our Company, or by
emailing us at email@pbsanimalhealth.com.
We do not control third parties' collection or use of your
information to serve interest-based advertising. However these
third parties may provide you with ways to choose not to have
your information collected or used in this way. For example, you
may easily opt out of Google’s advertising services by visiting
Google's Ad
Settings.
THIRD PARTY SOURCES
Our website or other materials may contain links to websites
owned and operated by third parties. Those third parties may
collect personal information about you. Once you navigate away
from PBS Animal Health webpages, this Privacy Policy no longer
applies, and PBS Animal Health disclaims any responsibility for
the privacy practices of such third parties, or the content they
provide. Further, PBS Animal Health disclaims responsibility for
information which is collected by a third party, not affiliated
with PBS Animal Health, and subsequently provided to PBS Animal
Health with or without your consent. You should always protect
your privacy by reviewing the privacy policies of each third
party with whom you interact.
HOW WE MAY SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We may have to share your personal data with the parties set out
below for the purposes set out above:
• Internal/External Third Parties such as:
• Vendors and service providers acting as processors who provide
IT and system administration services;
• Professional advisers and other agents and representatives
acting as processors or joint controllers including lawyers,
bankers, auditors and insurers who provide consultancy, banking,
legal, insurance and accounting services; or
• Third-parties that conduct customer satisfaction surveys on
behalf of PBS Animal Health.
We may also disclose your personal data for the following
additional purposes where permitted or required by applicable
law:
• To our subsidiaries and affiliates.
• To contractors, service providers, and other third parties we
use to support our business.
• If a business transfer or change in ownership occurs and the
disclosure is necessary to complete the transaction. In these
circumstances, we will limit data sharing to what is absolutely
necessary and we will anonymize the data where possible.
• As part of our regular internal reporting activities.
• To comply with legal obligations or valid legal processes such
as search warrants, subpoenas, or court orders. When we disclose
your personal data to comply with a legal obligation or legal
process, we will take reasonable steps to ensure that we only
disclose the minimum personal data necessary for the specific
purpose and circumstances.
• If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect
the rights, property, or safety of PBS Animal Health, our
customers, or others. (This includes exchanging information with
other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud
protection and credit risk reduction.)
• Where the personal data is publicly available.
• For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the
information.
• For additional purposes with your consent where such consent is
required by law.
Your California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section § 1798.83 permits users of our
Website that are California residents to request certain
information regarding our disclosure of personal information to
third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a
request, please send an email to
WeCare@pbsanimalhealth.com .
HOW DO WE ENSURE THE SECURITY OF YOUR
DATA?
PBS Animal Health has put in place appropriate security measures
to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used,
or accessed in an unauthorized way, altered or disclosed. In
addition, we limit access to your personal data to those
employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a
business need to know.
In the event that the security of any personal customer
information stored by us is compromised, we will provide the
affected customers with notice of such breach in the most
expedient time possible and without unreasonable delay. This
notice shall be posted on our website, and, depending upon the
extent of the breach and the nature of the information
compromised, we may also provide affected customers with
personalized notice in writing, by e-mail, or by telephone.
Please note: the safety and security of your information
also depends on you. Where you have been provided or
chosen a password for access to certain parts of our Website, you
are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask
you not to share your password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet
is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your
personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your
personal information transmitted to our Website. Any transmission
of personal information is at your own risk.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the
top of the page. You are responsible for periodically visiting
our Website and this privacy policy to check for any changes.
Contact Information
To ask questions or comment about this privacy policy and our
privacy practices, contact us
at: WeCare@pbsanimalhealth.com.
Top of Page
About Us
Careers
Ohio Stores
Online Catalog
Request Catalog
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Top of Page
79 YEARS OF KNOWLEDGE
Contact us at 800-321-0235 or
email@pbsanimalhealth.com. ¿Hablas español? ¡ Nosotros también! Simplemente
llámenos al 800-321-0235.
Super Saver Case Pricing
Save BIG with Case Pricing on qualifying products when you
Buy by the Case or Place a $495+ Order
Shop Our Catalog
See our selection from a different perspective. Shop page-by-page with our online catalog now!
Customer Care
Contact Us
Pharmacy
FAQ's
Returns
Our Guarantee
Low Price Guarantee
Sales Tax Exemption Forms
About Us
Careers
Ohio Stores
Online Catalog
Request Catalog
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Shipping
Shipping Information
Holiday Shipping Information
Vaccine Shipping
Free Shipping
Same Day Shipping
Shopping Tools
Quick Order
Order Status & History
Shopping Lists
Specials & Promotions
Super Saver Case Pricing
Helpful Information
View All Charts
Compendium
SDS Sheets
Printable Forms
Join Our Family!
Join
Get mooooving and sign up now to be one of the first to know about the latest news, featured products, specials, and promotions!
Like us on Facebook!
Contact Us
Sitemap
We Accept
© Copyright 2020 by PBS Animal Health. All Rights Reserved
Top of Page