http://www.isquaredrelement.com/privacy-policy.html
Call 716.542.5511
sales@isquaredrelement.com
HomeAbout UsIndustries ServedSales RepresentativesContact UsRequest Information
I Squared R Element Company Manufactures
Silicon Carbide Heating Elements (Starbar®) and
Molybdenum Disilicide Heating Elements (Moly-D®)
Products
Starbar® Silicon Carbide
Heating ElementsStarbar® Engineering
Literature
Moly-D® Molybdenum Disilicide
Heating ElementsMoly-D® Engineering
Literature
Privacy Policy
I Squared R Element Co., Inc. respects your privacy and the purpose for which our site visitors provide us information. We do not share, sell, or rent any of the information collected to any third parties and do not intend to do so in the future.
Information Collected
If you request or submit information to us by sending an Email via sales@isquaredrelement.com or by filling out a "contact" form, we may save your Email address as well as any other information you provide. This information may be used to contact you in the future by mail, Email, or phone to convey information about our solutions or services that we feel may benefit you. Your Email and other information will not be sold to any third party.
Information Collected by Others
This notice addresses only the policy of I Squared R Element Co., Inc.'s website and not sites that users access via links from our site. I Squared R Element Co., Inc. is not responsible for the information collection policies of other sites, nor for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our website, nor for the information or content contained therein. Often links to other websites are provided solely as pointers to information on topics that may be useful to our visitors. Users are advised to review the privacy policy of other websites.
Cookies
I Squared R Element Co., Inc. website does not use cookies.
Updating, Correcting, and Deleting Personal Information
If you would like to have your personal information removed from our records, please send an e-mail with "Remove personal information" in the subject line.
Legally Compelled Disclosure of Information
I Squared R Element Co., Inc. may disclose information when legally compelled to do so; in other words, when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires it or for the protection of our legal rights.
Periodic Policy Changes
Please note that I Squared R Element Co., Inc. reviews its privacy practices from time-to-time (i.e. to track technology and/or legal changes), and that these practices are subject to change. To ensure continuing familiarity with the most current version of our privacy policy, please bookmark and periodically review this page.
This policy statement is made in the name of I Squared R Element Co., Inc. and is effective as of July 25, 2011. This statement does not create an agreement between I Squared R Element Co., Inc. and users, and as such, does not create any legal rights for any party.
Contact Us:
I Squared R Element Co., Inc.
12600 Clarence Center Road
Akron, NY 14001
Phone: 716.542.5511
Fax: 716.542.2100
Email: sales@isquaredrelement.com
Website: www.isquaredrelement.com
I Squared R Element Co., Inc.     12600 Clarence Center Road, Akron, NY 14001
Ph: 716.542.5511     Fx: 716.542.2100     Email: sales@isquaredrelement.com     Privacy     Sitemapwww.isquaredrelement.com
We make deliveries all over the world
Site created by Thomas Web Solutions and powered by Navigator Platform