http://www.oddsonpromotions.com/privacy
888.827.2249
email us
Follow @oddsonpromotions
November.30.2020Nothing 'fishy' about it: Billy Plummer of New South Wales, Australia, scored $10K AUD, paid for by Odds On, in a râ?¦ https://t.co/CrBt7lqUp6 [ more ]
October.16.2020Want to find out how "Snow = DOUGH?" Check out these winners in Alaska who scored over $91K in free windows courtesâ?¦ https://t.co/GLleU6bjHl [ more ]
September.25.2020Read about how Michelob Ultra partnered with Turner Sports giving fans the chance to win a free six pack of beer, pâ?¦ https://t.co/E6Yt6TBVqO [ more ]
SportsOnline/SocialRetailGamingMediaAutomotiveNon-ProfitTrade ShowsMiscellaneous By Industry
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Odds On Promotions collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of the www.oddsonpromotions.com website ("Site"). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Odds On Promotions.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, subscribe to the newsletter, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
Odds On Promotions may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
To improve customer service
Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
To personalize user experience
We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
To improve our Site
We may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.
To run a promotion, contest, survey or other Site feature
To send Users information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them.
To send periodic emails
We may use the email address to send User information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email or User may contact us via our Site.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and its Users happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above. We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission.
Third party websites
Users may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website's own terms and policies.
Changes to this privacy policy
Odds On Promotions has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy and terms of service. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
Odds On Promotions
www.oddsonpromotions.com
6195 Ridgeview Court, Suite D
Reno, NV 89519
775-828-4671
oopinfo@oddsonpromotions.com
This document was last updated on July 09, 2012
888.827.2249
Get a FREE Quoteor More Info:
Request (Please provide as much detail as possible):*Required
"Contests like these add to the game, giving fans a high-quality event filled with excitement from start to finish. And, it is really valuable to sponsors when there is a winner."-Justin Forde, Asst. Director of Marketing & Promotions
888.827.2249
Contact Us
Get a Quote/Info
Site Map
SportsOnline/SocialRetailGamingMediaAutomotiveNon-ProfitTrade ShowsMiscellaneous By Industry
Scratch Cards
Hole In One Insurance
Casino Promotions
Prize Insurance
Bar Promotions
Contest Insurance
Radio Contests
Weather Insurance
Online Contests
Facebook Contests
Prize Coverage
Prize Indemnification
Sweepstakes Insurance
Internet Promotions
Prize Indemnity
Grand Prize Insurance
Casino Marketing
Fishing Tournaments
Sports Contest
Scratch And Win Cards
Rain Insurance
Interactive Promotions
Facebook Promotions
TV Contests
Hole In One Coverage
Halftime Promotions
Promotion Insurance
What We Do
Winners
Newsletter
FAQ
Blog
Clients
Press
Privacy Policy
Contest Supplies
© Copyright 2020 Odds On Promotions