http://www.federalind.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICYThe privacy of individuals who visit our Web Site, send us e-mail or provide an e-mail address to receive information and the like is a matter of importance to us. We are concerned about your privacy and the protection of that privacy. The following outlines our policies with regard to the protection of your private information.The Company will not collect any information about you such as your name, address, telephone number, or e-mail address unless you provide it to us voluntarily. If you do not want personally identifiable information or data collected we advise that you do not submit such information to us. In the event that such information has been provided, you may contact us and we will make all reasonable effort to remove such information from any existing data files. Certain non-personal information may be gathered and stored to log files as you use our site for statistical purposes only.At the present time, we do not share, disclose or sell any personally identifiable information collected. Any e-mail addresses submitted to the Company or collected by the Company are used to deliver to you important information regarding our products and services as well as information regarding this and other sites we own. Should we determine to make such information available to third parties we will endeavor to provide notification of such intention and offer a reasonable opportunity for you to indicate a preference that such information not be shared.Certain non-personal information and data may be automatically collected through the standard operation of our servers or through the use of "cookies", either by either the Company or third party advertisers. "Cookies" are small text files used to recognize repeat visitors, permit access to and use of the site and allow a site to track usage behavior and compile data that will allow content improvements and targeted advertising. Information of this nature collected by the Company shall be used for statistical purposes only.Users should also be aware that when they voluntarily disclose personally identifiable information (e.g., user name, e-mail address, etc.) on any message board or the like, that such information, along with any substantive information disclosed, can be collected and used by third parties and may result in unsolicited messages from other users or third parties. Such activities are beyond the control of the Company. Information disclosed in such manner becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information. Additionally, the Web Site may contain links to other sites and the Company is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such third party sites.By visiting and using our Web Site you indicate your agreement with the above stated Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use this site. The Company reserves the right to change this policy at any time. Please check this page periodically for changes. This statement and the policies outlined herein are not intended to and do not create any contractual or other legal rights in or on behalf of any party.If you have submitted personally identifiable information to the Company and would like that information removed from our records, you may contact us at privacy@federalind.com.
Print this page
Visit our Facebook page.
Visit our Twitter page.
Visit our LinkedIn page.
Visit our Instagram page.