http://www.equinelegalsolutions.com/privacy-policy.html
Serving CA, OR, WA & NY
Home
About ELS
Publications
Speaking Engagements
Start Here
Who we are and what we do
Consultations
Forms
Buy Forms
Technical Support
What's In Our Forms
Compare Forms
Get Free Forms
Forms Comments
Forms Help
Form FAQs
Forms Selection Tool
Free Form Updates
License Agreement
Our Forms Guarantee
Legal Issues
Boarding
Breeding
Buying and Selling
Defamation
Dispute Resolution
Leasing
Liability
Other Legal Topics
Training & Lessons
Resources
Attorney Directory
Horse Buying Checklist
Horse Industry Data
Free E-Newsletter
Fun
>
2017 Foal Contest
2017 Foal Contest Rules
2016 Foal Contest Winners
2016 Foal Photo Contest Entries
2016 Foal Contest Rules
2016 Photo Contest Information
Insurance Resources
Equine Internet Resources
Blog
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Equine Legal Solutions - Privacy Policy
ELS is committed to our website users’ privacy. This policy outlines how we handle personal information. If you give us personal information, we will treat it according to this policy. ELS encourages you to read this privacy policy and those of all websites you visit.We protect the personal information you share with us. Access to your personal information is limited to people who need it to do their job. Authorized third-party agents may also need access to some of your personal information. For example, if we need to ship something to you, we must share your name and address with a shipping company. We only provide third-party agents with the minimum amount of information needed to complete the requested service or transaction. We do not otherwise share your personal information with third parties unless you have granted us permission to do so.We may respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process. We also may choose to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims. We may collect and possibly share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of the terms and conditions of this website, or as otherwise required by law.We may process or store your information in our U.S. databases. However, ELS will not retain your personal information longer than is necessary for the purposes for which it was collected.On our links page, we provide links from this website to third-party sites. Because we do not control these websites, we encourage you to review the privacy policies posted on these and all other third-party sites.We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. If we learn that we have personal information on a child under the age of 13, we will delete that information from our systems. ELS encourages parents to go online with their children. The ELS website uses cookies. Cookies help us provide a better user experience by measuring which website areas are of greatest interest to our users. However, if you choose to disable cookies in your browser, you can still access most of our website. From time to time, we may display advertisements from third parties. Third-party ad-serving companies may control which ads are shown. These ad-serving companies may use their own cookies to collect non-personally identifiable information from you, which they use to target the ads and measure their impact.We may use one or more third parties to monitor web traffic, statistics, advertisement “click-through” and other activities on our website. Where authorized by ELS, such third parties may use cookies, ELS’ web log files, web beacons, and other monitoring technologies to compile anonymous aggregate statistics on ELS’ website visitors.Current web browser versions offer enhanced user controls regarding the placement and duration of both first and third party cookies. Search for “cookies” under your browser's Help menu for more information on cookie management features available to you.We don’t want to send out information that you don’t want to receive, and thus every issue of The Legal Equine™ has instructions on how to unsubscribe from our mailing list. You can also Contact Us directly to unsubscribe.If you have any additional privacy questions or comments related to this privacy policy, please Contact Us.All updates to this policy will be posted here.Last update: November 1, 2003.
Contact us
Privacy Policy        Terms of Use
© 2004-2020Equine Legal Solutions, PC.All rights reserved.Site Design by: Silver Buckle Services