https://www.zahninc.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy PolicyZahn Electronics Inc., has always been committed to maintaining the accuracy, confidentiality, and security of your personal and corporate information. We have established Privacy Principles to govern our use of customer information.
Zahn Electronics Inc., does not sell, share or distribute Customer Information to any third party organization.
AccountabilityZahn Electronics Inc., is responsible for maintaining and protecting customer information under its control.
Identifying PurposesThe purposes for which customer information is collected shall be identified before or at the time the information is collected.
ConsentThe knowledge and consent of the customer are required for the collection, use or disclosure of customer information except where required or permitted by law.
Limiting Collection The customer information collected must be limited to those details necessary for the purposes identified by Zahn Electronics Inc. Information must be collected by fair and lawful means.
Limiting Use, Disclosure and RetentionCustomer information may only be used or disclosed for the purpose for which it was collected unless the customer has otherwise consented, or when it is required or permitted by law. Customer information may only be retained for the period of time required to fulfill the purpose for which it was collected.
AccuracyCustomer information must be maintained in as accurate, complete and up-to-date form as is necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it is to be used.
Safeguarding Customer Information Customer information must be protected by security safeguards that are appropriate to the sensitivity level of the information.
Openness Zahn Electronics Inc., is required to make product information available to customers concerning the policies and practices that apply to the management of their information.
Customer Access Upon request, a customer shall be informed of the existence, use and disclosure of their product information, and shall be given access to it. Customers may verify the accuracy and completeness of their information, and may request that it be amended, if appropriate.
Handling Customer Complaints and Suggestions Customers may direct any questions or inquiries with respect to the privacy principles outlined above or about our practices by contacting the designated person(s) accountable for privacy at Zahn Electronics Inc.
Copyright 2016 by Zahn Electronics, Inc. All Rights Reserved
China, Hong Kong, Taiwan? Click HERE to connect with our partner.
Search
Search for:
Ask an Expert
Your Name
Your Email
Subject
Message
ProductsDC-DC Converters
DC-DC Step Up Converters
DC-DC Step Down Converters
Solar Optimizers
DC Motor Controls
DC-AC Inverters
Voltage Doubler
Capabilities
DC Power Conversion and Regulation
System Engineering and Integration
Customized Controls
Supply Chain Expertise
Comprehensive Power Electronics Testing Lab
Single Piece Flow – Unit Run Size
Broad Application Knowledge
Zahn Electronics Inc.4133 Courtney Street, Unit #5, Franksville, WI, 53404262-835-9200
Need Assistance?
Its just a click away.
Contact Us
AccountMy Account
Shop
Contact Us | Ask an Expert
Privacy Policy
Search . . .
Search for:
All Rights Reserved © 2016 Zahn Electronics Inc.