http://www.rtape.com/privacy-statement
Skip to main content
X
Main navigation
Carbonless & Coated Papers
Application Tapes & Premasks
Graphic & Specialty Print Media
Extruded Films
Applications
P.O.P Exhibits & Display
Window Graphics
Wall Graphics
Floor Graphics
Transit & Fleet Graphics
Decals
Waterproof Paper
Promotional Magnets
Multi-part Forms
Brochures & Flyers
Banner Stands
Brands
Printer Compatibility
About Us
We Are OneNekoosa
Our Team
History
Blog
Find a Distributor
Nekoosa Bucks
s
Samples
Privacy Statement
Privacy Policy
Protecting your private information is our priority. This Privacy Policy applies to www.nekoosa.com and Nekoosa Inc. as a company (Nekoosa Coated Products, RTape, Catalina Graphic Films, Mojave Digital Media and CET Films brands) and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to Nekoosa. This website is a promotional site. By using the Nekoosa website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Your Personal Information
We do not collect any personal information about you unless you voluntarily provide it to us. However, you may be required to provide certain personal information to us when you elect to use certain products or services available on the site. These may include: (a) requesting a sample of one of our products (b) sending us a ‘Contact Us’ message via the prompt. Nekoosa will use your information for, but not limited to, communicating with you in relation to services and/or products you have requested from us.
Sharing Information with Third Parties
Nekoosa does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. Nekoosa may share data with trusted partners and stakeholders to perform statistical analysis, send you email updates, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Nekoosa and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Nekoosa may disclose your personal information, without notice, if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Nekoosa or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Nekoosa; and/or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Nekoosa, or the public.
Automatically Collected Information
Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by Nekoosa. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Nekoosa website.
Use of Cookies
The Nekoosa website may use "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the server that you have returned to a specific page. You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies, if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the websites you visit.
E-mail Communications
Nekoosa may contact you via email for the purpose of providing announcements, promotional offers, alerts, confirmations, and/or other general communication.
If you would like to stop receiving marketing or promotional communications via email from Nekoosa, you may opt out of such communications by clicking unsubscribe button.
Changes to this Statement
Nekoosa reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account, by placing a prominent notice on our site and/or by updating any privacy information on this page. Your continued use of this site and/or services available through this site after such modifications will constitute your: (a) acknowledgment of the modified Privacy Policy; and (b) agreement to abide and be bound by that Policy.
Contact Information
Nekoosa welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Nekoosa has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Nekoosa at:
Address:
Nekoosa
841 Market Street
Nekoosa, Wisconsin 54457
Email Address:
marketing@nekoosa.com
Effective as of April 3, 2020