https://www.lorenzini.it/privacy-policy-and-cookie-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy and Cookie PolicyLorenzini2019-11-22T10:53:05+00:00
Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Pursuant to and by the effect of Art. 13 of the New European Regulation 2016/679 concerning the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data (GENERAL DATA PROTECTION REGULATION – GDPR) we provide below the privacy policy and cookie policy of this website.
Data controller
The Data Controller of this website www.lorenzini.it is  Tobia s.r.l. – p.iva: 08771520155
Registered office: Via Pontaccio 14 – 20121 Milano – Italy
For any information regarding data collection or to request to delete your data, please write to info@lorenzini.it.
Personal Data collected
This website processes and collects some Data, some data processing may also be performed by third-party companies and providers.
The data processed may include: Cookies (described below), Browsing data (such as IP address, browser characteristics, country of origin) and various types of Data (collected on platforms owned by third parties, in particular, on the so-called “social networks”, such as Twitter, Facebook, Instagram etc.)
Data Processors and Recipients
Personal Data may be communicated to specific Recipients. These Data are communicated to enable us to correctly perform all the processing activities described in this document.
These Recipients may process your Personal Data as Data Processors or Authorized Persons for Processing.
Your data could be processed by Third Parties including our providers, such as:
Welcome Italia is the company that provides the hosting service and the server where is hosted the website – the server of Welcome are located in Italy.
org is a software platform and a content management system used to create the website interface. It may automatically collect the following data:
Comments – When visitors leave comments on the site, we collect the data shown in the comment form as well as the visitor’s IP address and the browser user agent string to facilitate spam detection. An anonymized string created from your email address (also known as a hash) can be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The privacy policy of the Gravatar service is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After your comment is approved, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media – If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images that include embedded position data (EXIF GPS). Website visitors can download and extract any location data from the images on the website.
To know how third parties treat the Personal Data, please consult their own privacy policy.
To get more information about the third parties involved in processing your data, please write to the email address contained in the Introduction of this document.
Legal Basis and Purpose of Processing
The User Data are collected to allow the Data Controller to provide its services, as well as for the following purposes: Statistics, Interaction with external social networks and platforms, session recording, Hosting and backend infrastructure, Data Transfer outside the EU and Displaying content from external platforms.
To obtain further detailed information on the purposes of the processing and on the Personal Data that are specifically relevant for each purpose, the User may refer to the email address contained in the Introduction of this document.
How long do we keep your data?
The Data Controller will keep your personal data for a limited time, according with the law, the retention period is different depending on the data processed and the processing purpose.
Rights of the user
Users may exercise certain rights in relation to data processed by the Data Controller – in particular, confer the rights to revoke their consent to the processing, know which of their personal data are collected by the Data Controller its origin and how it is used, request the update, correction or integration and in the cases provided for by the current provisions, the cancellation, the limitation of processing or oppose their processing.
To exercise these rights, the User can send their requests to info@lorenzini.it
Changes to the Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy
This privacy policy may be subject to changes and additions over time, these changes may be necessary with regard to new regulatory measures regarding the protection of personal data.
Therefore, we invite you to periodically check the contents. The updated version of the privacy statement will be published on this page, with indication of the date of its last update.
Cookie Policy
This website collects cookies
What are cookies?
A cookie is a small file that is sent to the browser in use and saved on your device when you visit a website. Cookies allow the website to function efficiently and improve its services, in addition to providing information to the website’s owner for statistical or advertising purposes, primarily to personalize your browsing experience by remembering your preferences (for example, remembering the language and currency you set, in order to recognize you at the next visit, etc.).
The website uses various types of first-party cookies and third-party cookies (provided and managed by third parties based on their own individual privacy policies and not under the control of the Data Controller), each of which has a specific function. The table below explains what they are for.
Technical cookies and Navigation Cookies – Navigation cookies and technical cookies are needed for the functioning of the website. From first access, these cookies allow the website to function correctly and allow you to view content on your device.
Functional cookies – These cookies allow the user to browse according to a series of selected criteria (for example, the language) in order to improve the service.
Analytical cookies – Analytical cookies are used to collect data, in anonymous and aggregated form, on the number of users visiting the website and on how they visit the website;
Profiling Cookies These cookies are aimed at creating user-related profiles to send commercial messages that meet the preferences shown during the visit, or to improve your browsing experience: while you browse our website.
Third-party cookies are installed by a different website through the website you are visiting. These cookies can be sent to the user’s browser by third-party companies directly from their sites for their own purposes including, if necessary, profiling.
Which cookies do we use and for what purposes?
Technical cookies and Navigation Cookies are needed for the functioning of the website.
Functional cookies are used to improve the service.
Analytical cookies are used to monitor and analyze traffic data and to keep track of the pages visited.
Google Search Console is a web SEO and analysis service provided by Google Inc.
Third Party cookies – the installation of cookies by third parties cannot be technically controlled by the Data Controller, for this reason any reference to cookies installed by third parties is to be considered indicative. To know complete information, the user can consult the privacy policy of the third-party services listed in this document.
Hosting and backend infrastructure – These services have the function of hosting data and files that allow to the website to function, allow its distribution and provide an infrastructure ready for use to deliver specific functions.
Welcome Italia is the company that provides the hosting service its servers are located in Italy
org is a software platform and a content management system used to create the website interface
Interaction with social media and external platforms – These services allow the interaction with social networks, or other external platforms, directly from the pages of this website. The interactions and information acquired are in any case subject to the social network privacy policy. Even if users do not use the service, it is possible that the third-party platform will collect traffic data relating to the pages in which it is installed.
Facebook like button and widget (Facebook Inc.)
Tweet button and Twitter social widget (Twitter Inc.)
Content views from external platforms – These services allow the user to watch content hosted by external platforms directly from the pages of this website and to interact with them. In case a service of this type is installed, the external platform mighty collect traffic data related to the pages in which it is installed, even if the Users do not use the service. The information acquired is subject to the social network privacy policy.
Widget Video Youtube (Google Inc.)
Google Fonts (Google Inc.)
How can I disable cookies and manage my preferences?
The majority of browsers are configured to accept, control or potentially disable cookies through the settings. We remind you that disabling navigation or functional cookies may affect the functioning of the website and/or limit the service of the website.
The user can revoke his/her consent to manage cookies any time by managing the preferences relating to Cookies directly from the browser preferences.
Below is the procedure to follow to manage cookies from the following browsers:
Internet explorer: https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/17438/windows-internet-explorer-view-delete-browsing-history
Safari: https://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT201265
Chrome: https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95589?co=GENIE.Platform%3DAndroid&hl=en-GB
Firefox: https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/storage
For any question about the Cookie Policy, please write to the e-mail address written in the introduction of the Privacy Policy.
Last update of the Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy 20/11/2019
BACK TO HOMEPAGE
To offer a better browsing experience, this website uses technical, analytical, profiling and third party cookies. By continuing to browse the website, you accept the use of cookies. If you would like to know more or opt out of all or some cookies click here.
Accept
Go to Top