https://www.giii.com/privacy-policy-2/
EU Privacy Policy
LAST UPDATED: August 14, 2018
EFFECTIVE DATE: August 14, 2018
This Privacy Notice (the “Notice”) explains how G-III Apparel Group, Ltd. (“G-III,” “we” or “us”) processes personal data that is provided to us by users in the European Union in connection with their use of www.g-iii.com and any other website, social media or other related services owned or operated by G-III or its affiliates where this Notice appears (collectively, the “Sites”). Although our Sites are not targeted toward, nor are we monitoring EU data subjects in connection with the Sites, G-III strives to respect European privacy rules wherever possible.
By visiting and using our Sites, you agree to our collection, processing, and transfer of your information as described in this Privacy Notice. This Notice details and explains:
Who collects, and is responsible for, your data;
What personal data we collect, process and use, as well as the legal bases for such collection processing and usage;
The level of security that we provide to protect your data; and
Your rights and how to exercise them.
WHO IS RESPONSIBLE FOR YOUR DATA
G-III is the data controller for any personal data provided to or gathered by the Sites. You can contact the data controller at:
G-III Apparel Group, Ltd.
Attn: Consumer Privacy
512 Seventh Avenue, 35th Floor
New York, NY 10018
212-403-0500
info@g-iii.com
DATA WE COLLECT
When you use our Sites, we may collect and process different types of information from you based on the form of your interaction with us. This may include information you provide directly to us, information that we collect automatically, and information from other sources.
INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE TO US.
Information you provide directly to us may include the following:
When you join our events, we collect your first name and last name, e-mail address and company name. We also collect information you send to us through communications, including any information you choose to provide in such communications. This is information that is necessary for the adequate performance of the contract between you and us, our legitimate interests to comply with a request for information and/or to allow us to comply with our legal obligations.
If you choose to sign up for email notifications on our Sites, we may collect information such as your first name and last name, email address, title, company name and type of investor you are. This information is collected and processed for the adequate performance of the contract between you and us, our legitimate interests to comply with a request for information and/or to allow us to comply with our legal obligations. You have the right to unsubscribe at any time by reaching out to us as described below or unsubscribing here.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT AUTOMATICALLY.
When you use our Sites, we automatically collect certain information about your use of the Sites due to our legitimate interests of providing you with information on our company.
The information we may collect automatically includes your geolocation information (through your Internet Protocol (IP) address or mobile device’s GPS), Internet service provider, operating system, type of web browser, mobile or other device identification number, pages you view, and the duration of time spent on the Sites.
In order to collect the information referenced in this Section, we use tracking tools like browser cookies and web beacons. To learn more about how we use such tools, and to review our Cookie Policy, please click here.
HOW WE USE YOUR DATA
TO PROVIDE YOU WITH INFORMATION ABOUT OUR COMPANY.
We use your information to provide you with information about our company. For example, we may use your information for the following purposes:
To notify you of investor relations events and presentations;
To answer your questions or respond to your feedback;
To inform you of changes to our privacy and cookie policies or our Terms of Use;
To prevent misuse of our Site;
To improve our website.
We will not use your information for marketing purposes.
HOW LONG WE RETAIN YOUR DATA
We will keep your data for only as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes as set out above in this Notice or as long as we are required by law. If you no longer want us to use your information to provide our products and services to you, you can request that we erase your personal information. For further information on your rights and how to exercise them, please refer to Section 7 below.
HOW WE SHARE YOUR DATA
TRANSFERS OUTSIDE THE EU.
If we transfer personal information to countries outside of the European Union in the course of sharing information as set out below, we will ensure that we transfer the information to parties that provide adequate safeguards for your personal data. This may include parties that have self-certified to the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield, implemented binding corporate rules, or adopted standard model clauses approved by the European Commission. We share your personal data only with third parties that follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Notice. You may request copies of documentation related to this Section by contacting us.
TRANSFERS WITHIN THE G-III FAMILY.
We may transfer certain information to other members of the G-III Family for our business purposes, including to provide customer service, to respond to customer queries and to comply with our legal obligations.
TRANSFERS TO THIRD PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS.
We engage other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. These third parties may provide the following types of services: maintaining IT systems, hosting our Site and events.
Personal information that we gather and transfer to a third party will be primarily stored within the European Union, the United States or Canada.
Our site is hosted by West Digital Communications (“West”). For further information on West’s privacy practices, please click here. Further, certain information provided on our site, such as our stock information, is provided by third parties. Third parties will only process your personal information on our instructions and where they have agreed to treat the information confidentially and to keep it secure. This information is collected for the adequate performance of the contract between you and us.
COMPLIANCE WITH LAW.
We may disclose your information, including personal data to courts, law enforcement or governmental authorities, if and to the extent we are required or permitted to do so by law or if such disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (i) comply with our legal obligations; (ii) comply with legal process and respond to claims asserted against us; (iii) respond to verified requests relating to a criminal investigation or suspected legal activity; or (iv) enforce and administer our Terms of Use or other agreements with our users.
BUSINESS TRANSFERS.
If we undertake or become involved in a merger, acquisition, reorganization, sale of assets, bankruptcy or insolvency event, we may sell, transfer or share some or all of our assets, including your information, in connection with such transaction. In this event, we will notify you before your personal information is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
We may link to other sites or apps or have third party services on our platforms we don’t control. If you click on a third party link, you will be taken to a platform we do not control. This Notice does not apply to the privacy practices of that website or platform. We are not responsible for these third parties.
YOUR RIGHTS
You have certain rights regarding the personal data we collect about you. You can exercise any of the rights set out below by emailing us at help@g-iii.com or any of the other methods set forth in Section 12 below.
You have the right to: (i) access, (ii) correct, (iii) erase and (iv) obtain a copy of any information we have on file in your user account.
You have the right to object to our processing of your information.
You have the right to restrict our processing of your information.
You have the right to request that we port your data to a third party in a machine-readable format.
If you believe that we have violated any of your rights under the European Union General Data Protection Regulation, you have the right to contact the responsible data protection authority in your jurisdiction. A list of supervisory authorities is available here.
Before we are able to provide, delete, or change any of your information or otherwise respond to your request to exercise your rights, we may ask that you verify your identify. We may also ask for more details to help us respond to your request.
If you would like to ask that we correct, delete, or provide you with a copy of your information, you may call us at 212-403-0500 or email us at info@g-iii.com.
HOW WE SECURE YOUR DATA
We take appropriate administrative, physical and technical  measures to protect your data from loss, manipulation and unauthorized access.  Although we are committed to maintaining accurate information and we use reasonable efforts to safeguard information, transmission via the Internet is not completely secure and we cannot guarantee the security of your information collected through the Site. If you know or have reason to believe that your data has been lost, stolen, misappropriated or otherwise compromised, please contact us using the instructions listed in Section 12 below.
USE OF THE SITES BY CHILDREN
Our Sites are intended for adults over the age of 18. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 16 without permission from a parent or guardian. If you are a parent or legal guardian and think your child under 16 has given us information, you can email us. You can also write to us at the address listed at the end of this Notice.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY NOTICE
From time to time, we may change our policies related to your privacy. We will notify you of any material changes to our Notice as required by law. We will also post an updated version on our website, here.
NON-EU DATA SUBJECTS
If you are not an EU data subject, please refer to our separate Privacy Policy located here.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Notice or wish to exercise your data privacy rights you may email us at info@g-iii.com or call us at 212-403-0500. You can also mail us at 512 Seventh Avenue, 35th Floor, New York, NY 10018 or send a request through the “Contact Us” feature on our Sites. To contact our Data Protection Officer, please write to dpo@g-iii.com.
©2018 G-III Apparel Group, Ltd. All Rights Reserved