https://www.mobiyo.com/legal/
Legal information
Created with Sketch.
Created with Sketch.
Created with Sketch.
Publisher:
MOBIYO SAS (“MOBIYO”)
94 Rue de Villiers92532 Levallois-Perret Cedex – France
RCS Nanterre 824 638 209
Capital: €2,486,196
CEO: Loïc Jauson
Head of the publication: Loïc Jauson
Phone: +33 (0)1 71 25 55 55
Email: contact@mobiyo.com
Hosting Company:
Amazon Web Services LLC
P.O. Box 81226
Seattle, WA 98108-1226
http://aws.amazon.com
By using www.mobiyo.com (the “Website”), the user (the “User”) undertakes to comply with the following terms of use of the website (the “Terms of Use”).
MOBIYO informs the User that its activity is regulated by the Payment Services Directive 2 (UE) 2015/2366 of November 25th 2015. According to the Directive, MOBIYO declares its status of Agent of the Payment services provider HIPAY (94 rue de Villiers – 92532 Levallois Perret cedex, CIB 16458), delivered by the French Prudential Control Authority, under the number 824 638 209.
MOBIYO warrants to the User that it has accomplished all the required formalities to be legally allowed to provide payment services and operate its platform.
Availability of the Website
MOBIYO strives to maintain optimum quality concerning its Website, accessibility and availability, excluding maintenance periods.
The User is informed that access to an Internet network and/or to a telecommunication provider’s network is required to use the Website.
The User is informed and accepts that MOBIYO is unable to guarantee elements beyond its control, such as the non-failure of the Internet network and/or ISP network, preventing Users from accessing the Website.
MOBIYO does not guarantee the compatibility of the User’s hardware or software with the Website.
Intellectual property
The MOBIYO trademark is a registered trademark owned by MOBIYO. Ue of the Website does not grant any license or authorisation to reproduce the MOBIYO trademark. The User undertakes not to reproduce or seek to reproduce the MOBIYO trademark on any directory or any URL without express authorisation in writing from MOBIYO. The User further undertakes not to seek to present or list its website by using the MOBIYO trademark.
Trademarks and logos of MOBIYO’s partners are the exclusive property of their respective owners. Any trademarks mentioned on the MOBIYO services are protected by intellectual property rights.
All the content published on the Website is the exclusive property of MOBIYO and is protected by intellectual property rights. They cannot be reproduced, copied or imitated. The User therefore undertakes not to copy, modify, sell, rent or use in any way the content of the Website provided by MOBIYO.
Personal Data & cookies
MOBIYO gathers and processes data about the User in order to allow the User to create a User account or to contact MOBIYO’s team members. According to the best security practices, data is hosted in Ireland (E.U.) and gathered for such time as the User continues to use MOBIYO services and according to the legal duration.
Pursuant to the French Data Protection Act n° 78-17 of 6th January 1978, the User has the right to access, amend, correct and delete his/her personal data supplied to MOBIYO.
On simple request by the User, Mobiyo will delete or modify the personal data that the User has provided to MOBIYO.
The User can send his/her request to MOBIYO by email to: privacy@mobiyo.com
MOBIYO certifies that it has registered such processing of personal data through its privacy controller.
For the purposes of its activities and services, and in particular to promote its own functioning, the Website uses cookies. These cookies may contain data on the User’s identification and browsing history on the MOBIYO Website and services. Cookies are used to collect information regarding the operating system, country of access, IP address, Website traffic tracking.
The cookies can be blocked or deleted through the User’s browser options (i.e “Google Chrome”: press Ctrl + Shift + Del; “Microsoft Internet Explorer”: press Alt+X then select the Internet Options box, “Mozilla firefox”: click the Firefox menu and select Options). The User is free to decline cookies, but this may inhibit certain features and functionality of the Website.
Liability
MOBIYO remains responsible for the content of the Website. Nevertheless, MOBIYO cannot be held responsible for the User’s use of the Website and content. The User will therefore assume liability for any loss or prejudice, direct or indirect, material or immaterial, that he/she may suffer as a result of misuse of the Website’s content.
Applicable law
These Terms of Use are subject to the laws of France, to which the User expressly agrees.
Copyright © 2001-2019 Mobiyo. All rights reserved.
Connect with us
Connect with us
×
The website uses cookie to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with our Privacy & Cookie Policy, but you can opt-out if you wish.