http://www.peterpiperpizza.com/privacy-and-terms
CloseOrder UpdatedView OrderHello World!CloseYour Order Order Location:Choose a locationChangeYour cart is empty.Go to MenuOrder TotalCoupon CodeApplySubtotal $0.00Tax $0.00Total $0.00CheckoutPeter Piper PizzaToggleEnter locationCreate profileGift CardsEspañolmenulocationspartiesdealsjoin club piperstart orderPrivacy & TermsTERMS OF USE
Please read these Terms of Use carefully before using the peterpiperpizza.com site or any web site owned, operated, licensed or controlled by PETER PIPER, INC. (the "Site"). By using the Site, you signify your agreement with these Terms of Use. If you do not agree with any of the below Terms of Use, do not use this Site. PETER PIPER, INC., reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to modify, alter or otherwise update these Terms of Use at any time, and you agree to be bound by such modifications, alterations or updates. PETER PIPER, INC. reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to restrict, suspend or terminate access to all or any part of the Site or to change, suspend or discontinue all or any aspect of the Site, including the availability of any feature, database, information or content, at any time and without prior notice or liability. You are not authorized to use this Site in any jurisdiction where the terms of these Terms of Use are not enforceable. TRADEMARKS, COPYRIGHTS AND RESTRICTIONS This Site is controlled and operated by PETER PIPER, INC., 4745 N. 7th Street, Suite 350, Phoenix, Arizona 85014. The phone number is (480) 609- 6400. All material on this Site, including but not limited to images, illustrations, audio clips, and video clips ("Content"), is protected by copyrights which are owned and controlled by PETER PIPER, INC., or by other parties that have licensed their material to PETER PIPER, INC. ("Copyrights"). From time to time, Content on the Site such as coupons and children’s activities, are intended to be downloaded or printed for your personal use. You may download or copy such Content for personal use only, provided that you maintain any copyright or other notices contained therein. Copying or storing of any Content for other than personal use is expressly prohibited without prior written permission. Otherwise, the Site or Content may not be framed, copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any way. Modification of the Content or use of the Content for any other purpose is a violation of the Copyrights and other proprietary rights. For purposes of this Terms of Use Agreement, the use of any such Content on any other Web site or networked computer environment is prohibited. REGISTRATION To use portions of the Site, you must be registered and provide personal data including email and/or other contact information. You agree to provide true and accurate information in connection with your registration and to promptly notify PETER PIPER, INC. of any changes in the registration information. This Site is not intended for use by persons under the age of 13. By registering with PETER PIPER, INC. or using the Site, you agree that, to the extent set forth in these Terms of Use and subject to the limitations set forth therein, we may disclose information you provide or that we obtain concerning your use of the Site. You are fully liable for all use of the Site accessed through your registration information, including any use by a user not authorized by you who accesses the Site using your registration information. You should promptly notify PETER PIPER, INC. of any unauthorized use of your registration information or other breach of security. INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE We collect the following personal information from you: Contact Information such as name, email address, mailing address, phone number Billing Information such as credit card number, and billing address We also collect the following information from you: Birthdate, ages of children, shipping information, or other information that visitors voluntarily provide Demographic information such as zip code to help provide you with services We use this information to: Complete party or event reservations Send you an order confirmation Send you a newsletter Send you marketing communication Send you requested product or service information Send product updates or warranty information Respond to customer service requests Administer contests and sweepstakes you entered, and notify you if you won Respond to your questions and concerns Improve our website and marketing efforts Conduct research and analysis PRIVACY PETER PIPER, INC. respects the privacy of the visitors to its Site. As a general policy, no personal information is automatically collected from visitors to its Site. However, certain non-personal information of visitors is recorded by the standard operation of PETER PIPER, INC. Internet servers. This information is primarily used to provide an enhanced online experience for the visitor. Information tracked includes the type of browser being used by the visitor (e.g., Safari, Firefox, Internet Explorer), the type of operating system (e.g., Mac OS, Windows) in use by the visitor and the domain name of the visitor's Internet service provider (e.g., Cox, AT&T, Verizon). By having this information, Web pages optimized for a particular visitor's computer are automatically available to that visitor. Other uses of this information include internal review of the number of visitors to the Site but only in an aggregate and non-personally identifiable form. PETER PIPER, INC. knows e-mail addresses and other personally identifiable data about visitors to this Site only when voluntarily submitted. Personally identifiable information that may be collected in connection with visitors voluntarily filling out contest entry forms or subscribing to newsletters is retained by PETER PIPER, INC., and not sold or otherwise transferred outside the company. Additionally, data may be collected during the transmission of online invitations and or referral communications. Each individual responsible for this data entry hereby confirms permission to submit such data and grants PETER PIPER INC. the rights to use all entered information for future marketing efforts and overall consumer research. This information is used to better understand visitors' use of the Site and to support transactions made on the Site. However, this data in an aggregate form may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising or other uses. We may from time to time use e-mail addresses and other personally identifiable information to contact visitors who communicate with us, such as receiving our e-mail newsletters or being notified if they have won one of our contests. Each e-mail newsletter always contains instruction on how to discontinue receipt of the newsletter. Many Web sites, including this one, place a "cookie" in the browser files of your computer. The cookie itself does not contain any personally identifying information. Although the cookie could enable someone to relate a user's use of the Site to information that the user has specifically and knowingly provided, PETER PIPER, INC. does not do this. Under special circumstances PETER PIPER, INC may, and you authorize it to, disclose personally identifiable information without your consent if it believes, in its sole discretion, it is reasonable to do so to satisfy laws (such as the Electronic Communications Privacy Act, as amended) or government regulations, comply with legal process or law enforcement requests, commence legal actions to protect PETER PIPER, INC.’s rights or property. PETER PIPER, INC. takes reasonable precautions to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under its control. While it attempts to ensure the integrity and security of its network and systems, PETER PIPER, INC. cannot guarantee that its security measures will prevent third-party "hackers" from illegally obtaining this information. PETER PIPER, INC. is not responsible for any breach of its security or for the actions of any third parties that may obtain any personal information. You are prohibited from violating or attempting to violate security for or otherwise interfering with the operation of the Site. SURVEYS We may provide you the opportunity to participate in contests or surveys on our site. If you participate, we will request certain personally identifiable information from you. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose this information. The requested information typically includes contact information (such as name and shipping address) and demographic information (such as ZIP code). We use this information to notify contest winners and award prizes, to monitor site traffic or personalize the site (in the case of anonymous information collected in surveys), to send participants an email newsletter, or contact if there are issues. We may use a third-party service provider to conduct these surveys or contests; that company will be prohibited from using our users’ personally identifiable information for any other purpose. We will not share the personally identifiable information you provide through a contest or survey with other third parties unless we give you prior notice and choice. CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS California Civil Code Section 1798.83 allows our California customers to request certain information regarding our disclosures in the prior calendar year, if any, of personally identifiable information to third parties for their own direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please contact us at either info@peterpiperpizza.com or Peter Piper, Inc., 4745 N. 7th Street, Suite 350, Phoenix, Arizona 85014. The phone number is (480) 609- 6400, Attn: Marketing Department, and include your name and the address to which you would like us to respond. We will attempt to provide you with the requested information within thirty (30) days of receipt. We adopt this notice to comply with the CCPA (effective 2020) and other California privacy laws.  Any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this notice.  The CCPA provides consumers (California residents) with specific rights regarding their personal information. In accordance with the CCPA, California consumers may exercise under certain conditions the following four (4) categories of privacy rights with respect to their personal information. Please note: you will not be discriminated against in any way by virtue of your exercises of the rights listed below, which means we will not deny goods or services to you, provide different rates for those goods or services, or provide a different level or quality for those goods or services. Access to Specific Information and Data Portability RightsYou have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to you:The categories of personal information we collected about you.The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you.Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information.The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also called a data portability request).If we sold or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing: sales, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient purchased; and disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained.Deletion Request RightsYou have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service providers to:Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you;Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities;Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality;Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law;Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 seq.);Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information's deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research's achievement, if you previously provided informed consent;Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us;Comply with a legal obligation; orMake other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion RightsTo exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by either:Calling us at 480-609-6400 attn: Marketing DepartmentVisiting www.peterpiperpizza.comOnly you or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must:Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative; andDescribe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you.  Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us.  We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the request.Response Timing and FormatWe endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within 45 days of its receipt.  If we require more time (up to 90 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing.  If you have an account with us, we will deliver our written response to that account.  If you do not have an account with us, we will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option.  Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request's receipt.  The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable.  For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.FeeWe do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded.  If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.GEOLOCATION DATE Our mobile optimized website does ask you for, access or track any location based information so that we may enhance your experience on our website (e.g., locating a nearby Peter Piper Pizza or identifying special offers that may be of interest to you, or personalizing your interactions with us). For most mobile devices, you are able to withdraw your permission for us to acquire this information on your location through the device settings. If you have questions about how to disable your mobile device's location services, we recommend you contact your mobile device service provider or the device manufacturer. If you would like us to delete location information we have collected, please contact us at the email or postal address listed below. Please note that the website may not function properly following deletion, and that we may be required by law to retain certain information. INDEMNIFICATION You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold PETER PIPER, INC. harmless from and against any and all claims from third parties arising out of or in any way related to and any and all claims, losses, damages and expenses (including attorneys' fees) resulting from your use of the Site or breach of these terms and conditions, regardless of the form of action. You agree that any supplier of any portion of Content shall be entitled to enforce its rights against you as though that supplier is a party to these terms and conditions. A SPECIAL NOTE FOR PARENTS CONCERNING PRIVACY Although the Site is a general audience site, PETER PIPER, INC. makes a special effort to encourage children to consult with their parents before accessing the Site. However, PETER PIPER, INC. believes that parents should supervise their children's online activities and consider using parental control tools available from online services and software manufacturers that help provide a kid-friendly online environment. These tools can also prevent children from disclosing online their name, address, and other personal information without parental permission. PETER PIPER, INC. does not intentionally collect or use personal information from users that we have reason to believe are under 13 years of age. For additional information about parental control tools, please consult the "Consumer Assistance" page of the Direct Marketing Association home page. SERVICE PROVIDERS We may provide your personal information to companies that provide services to help us with our business activities such as processing your payment, or offering customer services. These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us. Third Party PartnerInformation Shared/CollectedPurposePartner's Privacy PolicyNCRFirst name, last name, billing address, credit card number, credit card expiration date, credit card CVV and phone number.This information is used to collect payment from a customer who wishes to order pizza online and pick it up from a Peter Piper Pizza restaurant. The transactional data is transmitted through Peter Piper Pizza’s NCR Point of Sale server.http://www.ncr.com/privacyBAMsFirst name, last name, billing address, credit card number, credit card expiration date, and credit card CVV.This information is used to guarantee that the website visitor is able to successfully place a deposit for the party they wish to host at a Peter Piper Pizza restaurant. The transactional data is not stored on or transmitted through any servers belonging to Peter Piper Pizza.https://www.firstdata.com/en_us/privacy.htmlLINKED SITES PETER PIPER, INC. is not responsible for the content of any linked sites posted on the Site. The linked sites are for your convenience only and you access them at your own risk. PETER PIPER, INC. has not investigated the content of such information, opinions or recommendations, and does not warrant or guarantee the accuracy of such information or necessarily endorse any such opinions, recommendations, websites, individuals, organizations or companies. DISCLAIMER AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY The Site and any Content are provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind either express or implied. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, PETER PIPER, INC. disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. PETER PIPER, INC. does not warrant that the Site or the functions contained in the Content will be uninterrupted or error- free, that defects will be corrected, nor the server that makes them available are free of viruses or other harmful components. PETER PIPER, INC. does not warrant or make any representations regarding the use or the results of the use of the Site or the Content in terms of their correctness, accuracy, reliability, or otherwise. You (and not PETER PIPER, INC.) assume the entire cost of all necessary servicing, repair or correction. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL PETER PIPER, INC. OR ITS AFFILIATES, AGENTS OR LICENSORS BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANYONE ELSE FOR ANY DAMAGES (WHETHER DIRECT, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR OTHERWISE, OR WHETHER RESULTING FROM TORT, CONTRACT OR OTHER THEORIES OF LAW) INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ATTORNEYS' FEES AND LOST PROFITS, IN CONNECTION WITH, OR IN ANYWAY ARISING OUT OF, (1) THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THIS WEBSITE AND ITS CONTENT; (2) ANY GOODS OR SERVICES OBTAINED THROUGH THIRD PARTIES REFERENCED OR MADE AVAILABLE ON OR THROUGH THIS WEBSITE; (3) ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN THE CONTENT OR INFORMATION ON THE WEBSITE; OR (4) ANY COMPUTER VIRUS OR OTHER PROGRAMMING DEVICE, EVEN IF PETER PIPER, INC. IS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY THEREOF. Applicable law may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusion may not apply to you. IF YOU BECOME DISSATISFIED WITH THIS WEBSITE, OR THE TERMS, CONDITIONS OR POLICIES GOVERNING THIS WEBSITE, YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY IS TO DISCONTINUE USING THIS WEBSITE. THIS LIMITATION ON DAMAGES IS ESSENTIAL TO THE AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU AND PETER PIPER, INC. AND THE WEBSITE WOULD NOT BE PROVIDED FREE OF CHARGE WITHOUT SUCH LIMITATION. To the extent that the Site allows you to submit notes, message/billboard postings, ideas, suggestions, concepts or other materials ("User Materials"), you agree and represent that you are the owner of the User Materials or you have obtained written permission from the owner to submit the User Materials and that submission, publication, distribution or use of the User Materials does not infringe any rights of any third party. You agree not to upload, post or email any content or information that (a) is libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, abusive, harassing or threatening, (b) contains viruses or other contaminating or destructive features, (c) violates the rights of others, such as content that infringes any copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret or violates any right of privacy or publicity, (d) offends the community standards of users of the Site (e) interferes with or disrupts the Site, (f) harass another user or (g) otherwise violates any applicable law. Any User Materials submitted will become the property of PETER PIPER, INC. and you assign such rights to PETER PIPER, INC. throughout the universe, and PETER PIPER, INC. shall be entitled to use the User Materials for any type of use forever including in any media whether now known or hereafter devised. When you submit User Materials to the Site, you agree that PETER PIPER, INC. has the right to publish the User Materials for any type of use as outline above including promotional and advertising purposes. You agree to indemnify PETER PIPER, INC. and its officers, directors, employees, agents, distributors and affiliates from and against any and all third-party claims, demands, liabilities, costs, or expenses, including reasonable attorney's fees, resulting from your breach of any of the foregoing agreements, representations, and warranties. IDEMINIFICATION You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold PETER PIPER, INC. harmless from and against any and all claims from third parties arising out of or in any way related to and any and all claims, losses, damages and expenses (including attorneys' fees) resulting from your use of the Site or breach of these terms and conditions, regardless of the form of action. You agree that any supplier of any portion of Content shall be entitled to enforce its rights against you as though that supplier is a party to these terms and conditions. ELECTRONIC INVITATIONS & PARTY RESERVATIONS
PETER PIPER, INC.’s party booking service may allow you to send out electronic invitations and receive responses from your guests. If you elect to use this electronic invitation services, you are responsible for providing the required contact information, you accept sole responsibility for all electronic communications sent as part of the service and you agree that you have direct authorization to use and submit each individual recipient’s contact information (name and email) via this online service. You may not use this service for any other purpose, including but not limited to advertising, marketing or "spamming". PETER PIPER, INC. may not be held liable and you agree to hold PETER PIPER, INC. harmless, for any electronic transmission sent or received by you in connection with this electronic invitation service. RESERVATION DEPOSITS
We require a $30 deposit to secure your reservation. Your deposit will be applied to the party bill on the day of the reservation. If the reservation is not cancelled within 48 hours of the event your $30 deposit will not be refunded. AGREEMENT TO CONTACT US
We are eager to offer the best customer experience possible. Please contact our Guest Relations team prior to your bank to allow us to resolve any issues or concerns with our services. You can reach us by email at feedback@peterpiperpizza.com. We are available from Monday-Friday 8:30am-5:30pm. Expect a 72 hours response time for email inquiries. EMAIL & POSTINGS RECEIVED In connection with using the Site, you may provide or receive information by email. Although email is generally reliable, email can be transmitted improperly or wrongfully intercepted. PETER PIPER, INC. does not warrant or guarantee that the transmission of email messages will be uninterrupted or transmitted without error. You agree that you will not post any threatening or libelous e-mails or material on this Site that would be considered a violation of any law. PETER PIPER, INC. will fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing PETER PIPER, INC. and reserves the right to disclose the identity of anyone posting any such e-mails or materials. CLUB PIPER Text/SMS Messages If you wish to receive text/SMS messages from Peter Piper Pizza to the mobile telephone number that you provide when you register for Club Piper, you must opt-in. Consent to receive marketing text messages is not required as a condition of purchasing any goods or services.
You ARE NOT required to opt-in to allowing Peter Piper Pizza to send you telemarketing call and text/SMS messages to your mobile telephone number to become or remain a Club Piper member.
IMPORTANT NOTE: By opting in to receive text/SMS messages you are also opting in to receive autodialed ads and other marketing messages/calls. By opting in you agree that Peter Piper Pizza may send you up to four (4) text/SMS autodialed ads and other marketing messages. Residents of Canada are not eligible to receive Text/SMS messages and will not be provided the ability to opt-in.
By providing us your mobile telephone number and opting-in to such calls and text/SMS messages, you represent that you are the owner of the mobile telephone associated with that mobile telephone number and that you are responsible for controlling access to that mobile telephone. You agree to notify Peter Piper Pizza of any change to your mobile telephone number. If you opt-in to receive autodialed and prerecorded calls or text/SMS messages from Peter Piper Pizza and then change your mobile telephone number, you agree that Peter Piper Pizza may continue to send text/SMS messages, or autodialed and prerecorded calls to you at the new mobile telephone number unless you opt-out as described below. Depending on the terms of your service agreement with your mobile telecommunications service provider (“TSP”) message and data rates may apply to the text/SMS messages and autodialed and prerecorded call that Peter Piper Pizza send to your mobile telephone number. Supported carriers for Peter Piper Pizza text/SMS messages are: AT&T, Verizon, T-Mobile, and Metro PCS (at a minimum.) Please note, T-Mobile is not liable for delayed or undelivered messages. How to Opt-out of and Stop Text/SMS Messages If you wish to opt-out of and stop receiving text/SMS messages from Peter Piper Pizza, reply to our text/SMS message with “STOP” or by sending “STOP” to 86755.
You may also log into your Account and opt-out.
If you opt-in to receive text/SMS messages from Peter Piper Pizza and later opt-out of receiving text/SMS messages from us, you agree that Peter Piper Pizza may send a text/SMS message to your mobile telephone number to confirm that you have opted-out of receiving text/SMS messages from us.
You can also reply to our text/SMS message with “HELP” or by sending “HELP” to 86755 to obtain additional information about these Rules.
You and we agree to each waive any right to jury trial. You and we each agree that any dispute resolution proceedings will be conducted only on an individual basis and not in a class, consolidated or representative action. CHANGES TO THIS POLICYWe may update this privacy policy to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the email address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this site prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.JURISDICTIONAL ISSUESUnless otherwise specified, the Content in the Site is presented solely for the purpose of entertainment and promotion for general audiences. This Site is controlled and operated by PETER PIPER, INC. from its offices within the state of Arizona, United States of America. PETER PIPER, INC. makes no representation that Content on the Site are appropriate or available for use in other locations. Those who choose to access this Site from other locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable. This agreement shall be governed by, construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Arizona, as it is applied to agreements entered into and to be performed entirely within such State. Any action you, any third party or PETER PIPER, INC. brings to enforce this agreement or, in connection with, any matters related to this Site shall be brought only in either the state or Federal Courts located in Phoenix, Arizona, and you expressly consent to the jurisdiction of said courts. If any provision of this agreement shall be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from this agreement and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. This is the entire agreement between the parties relating to the matters contained herein and shall not be modified except in writing, signed by PETER PIPER, INC. If you have questions or complaints regarding our privacy policy or practices, please contact us at:
PETER PIPER, INC.
1707 Market Place Blvd., Suite 200,
Irving, Texas 75063
Or contact us at feedback@peterpiperpizza.comFind nearest Peter Piper PizzaEnter Zip, City & State or Countrymade from scratch pizzas, salads, appetizers and dessertsdealsjoin club piperorderstay connected!FacebookTwitterYoutubeInstagram © 2020 Peter Piper Pizza, Inc.   All rights reserved.