http://www.odu-usa.com/extras/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Find & Buy Connectors
APPLICATION
Medical
Test and measurement
Military and security
Industrial
Energy
eMobility
Tools
Shop
Ask an Engineer
Request a Quote
Request a Sample
Contact
Live Chat
Searching for products. Please wait...
Home
Extras
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: 5th of July, 2018
1. Website Privacy Policy Introduction:
Introduction. We welcome you to the ODU-USA, Inc. website (www.odu-usa.com) (the “Site”). This Privacy Policy informs you how your information will be used by ODU-USA, Inc., and its parent and subsidiary corporations ("us," "we," or "Company"). The protection of personal data such as name, address, telephone number and email is very important to us. We are committed to respecting the privacy rights of our customers, visitors, and other users of the Site. We created this Website Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") to give you confidence as you visit and use the Site, and to demonstrate our commitment to fair information practices and the protection of privacy. This Privacy Policy is only applicable to the Site, and not to any other websites that you may be able to access from the Site, each of which may have data collection, storage, and use practices and policies that differ materially from this Privacy Policy. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these other websites or their data collection practices, except as otherwise required by law. You should check the privacy policies of these other websites when providing personally identifiable information or to find out what other information they collect from users, whether while on their platform or website or in relation to links, buttons, or embedded media.
2. Information Collection Practices
2.1 Google Analytics.
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. Google Analytics uses so-called “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the Site. Cookies may save your preferences while you are at the Site, such as allowing for persistent login on pages that require logging in, and Company may use them to provide you with tailored information and tracking as you use the Site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and Internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. By modifying your browser preferences, you may have the choice to accept cookies, to be notified when a cookie is sent, or to reject block cookies. The rejection or limitation of cookies by your browser may limit your ability to use the Site. We treat information collected by cookies and other technologies as non-personal information. To the extent that non-personal information is combined with personal information, we treat the combined information as personal information for the purposes of this Privacy Statement. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google and Company in the manner and for the purposes set forth in this Privacy Policy. The collection and storage of data may be revoked at any time with respect to future services. In view of the debate regarding the use of analytics tools with full IP addresses, we would like to point out that this website uses Google Analytics with the “anonymizeip()” function, which ensures that IP addresses are processed in truncated form only and prevents them from being traced to a specific user. Install the "Opt-out add-on" for Google Analytics if you do NOT want your data to be processed.
2.2 Types of Information Collected
Traffic Data Collected. When you access the Site, sometimes information is automatically (meaning not by means of registration) collected that cannot be matched to a particular person (such as for example, the Internet browser and operating system used; domain name of the website from which you came; number of visits, average duration of a visit, pages called up). We use this information in order to determine how attractive the Site is and to improve website content. By collecting this information, we get a better understanding of your needs and preferences, what products and services we can develop to meet those needs and preferences, and how well Company's Site is functioning. We automatically track and collect the following categories of information when you visit our Site: (1) IP addresses; (2) domain servers; (3) types of computers accessing the Site; and (4) types of web browsers used to access the Site (collectively "Traffic Data"). Traffic Data is anonymous information that does not personally identify you but is helpful for marketing purposes or for improving your experience on the Site.
Customer Information Collected. During a Site visit, we may ask a customer for contact information (such as name, title, company name, email address, telephone number, fax number and addresses for shipping/billing, and financial and credit card information, when applicable) in connection with (1) the purchase process, (2) to become a registered user of the Site, (3) when you request information from or submit a question to Company, and (4) when you complete any web forms asking for such information ("Customer Information"). Customer Information includes the following categories of information: (1) Contact Data (such as your name, company name, phone number, mailing address, facsimile, and email address); (2) Financial Data (such as your account or credit card number); and (3) Demographic Data (such as zip code). If you communicate with us by email, or otherwise complete online forms, or surveys, any information provided in such communication may be collected as Customer Information.
Children. The Site is not intended to solicit, collect or maintain personally identifiable information from users under the age of consent in any applicable jurisdiction. If you are a parent or guardian, please contact us if you believe information regarding a child has been collected by us through the Site. If we learn or have reason to suspect that a Site user is underage, we will promptly delete any personal information for such user.
2.3 Uses of Information Collected
Company Use of Information. We use Customer Information to fulfill your orders and otherwise provide the product and services you request, as well as support for those products and services and to contact you when necessary. We may use Contact Data to send you information and advertising about Company and its products and services. For example, Company may use your mailing address to send Company marketing materials to keep you updated on our most current products and services. Email addresses may be used to communicate information of interest to you about Company. This includes Order Shipment Tracking Information, Obsolete Part Bulletins, Service Change Information or other Company promotional emails. Emails may be sent to you by Company or an authorized agent working for Company. Information sent in this manner will always be subject to "unsubscribe or opt out" options. We also reserve the right, but not the obligation, to contact you regarding changes to this Privacy Statement and other matters relevant to the Site. We use your Financial Data to verify your qualifications for certain products or services and to bill you for products and services.
Sharing of Customer Information. We share certain categories of information we collect from you in the ways described in this Privacy Policy. We share Contact Data with affiliated companies and third parties who may want to contact you regarding products you purchased on this Site and send you information about their products or services. We also share Contact Data and Financial Data with our business partners who assist us by performing core services (such as hosting, billing, fulfillment, or data storage and security) related to our operation of the Site. Those business partners have all agreed to uphold the same standards of security and confidentiality that we have promised to you in this Privacy Policy, and they will only use your Contact Data and other Customer Information to carry out their specific business obligations to Company. BY CHECKING ON THE BOX AT THE BOTTOM OF THE CHECKOUT PAGE, YOU GIVE US PERMISSION TO SHARE YOUR INFORMATION WITH AFFILIATES AND/OR THIRD PARTIES. IF YOU DECLINE, PLEASE UNDERSTAND THAT THIS WILL LIMIT YOUR ABILITY TO TAKE ADVANTAGE OF ALL OF THE FEATURES AND SERVICES WE OFFER ON THE SITE AND WILL PREVENT YOU FROM BEING ABLE TO PURCHASE COMPANY PRODUCTS. In addition, we maintain a procedure for you to review and request changes to your Customer Information; this procedure is described in Section 3.1, below.
Any credit card information is processed through Authorize.net and their privacy policy is available at: www.authorize.net/company/privacy/ Credit and payment history may be shared with credit reporting companies.
User Choice Regarding Collection, Use, And Distribution of Customer Information. As noted above, you may choose not to provide us with any Customer Information. You also may advise us at any time that you want us to delete your Customer Information, by using the Contact page on our website. In either event, you can still access and use much of the Site; however, you will not be able to access and use those portions of the Site that require your Customer Information and will be prevented from being able to purchase any Company products. If you do not wish to receive marketing information and/or promotional material from the Company, you may indicate that preference at the “My Account Page” by clicking on “My Profile” and selecting the box which indicates you do not wish to receive such marketing and/or promotional materials. If you do not wish to receive promotional materials from affiliates and/or third parties, please utilize such party’s “unsubscribe” or “opt out” options.
Business Transfers. In the event that the Company is involved in a bankruptcy, reorganization, merger, sale of assets, change in control or other acquisition, the Customer Information may be sold or otherwise transferred as part of the transaction.
3.0 Confidentiality and Security of Customer Information.
Except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy, we will keep your Customer Information private and will not share it with third parties, unless such disclosure is necessary to: (a) comply with a court order or other legal process; (b) protect our rights or property; or (c) enforce our Terms of Service and Conditions of Purchase. Company takes commercially reasonable efforts to protect data, including financial information, transmitted via the World Wide Web and your Customer Information is stored on secure servers that are not accessible by third parties. However, Company cannot be responsible for and does not guarantee or warrant the security of the information transmitted via the Internet, including through this Site. As noted above, financial information is processed through Authorize.net. All online orders must be placed from a secure browser.
3.1 User Ability to Access, Update, And Correct Customer Information.
We maintain a procedure in order to help you confirm that your Customer Information remains correct and up-to-date. You may visit your account registration information at the webstore by accessing the My Account page. Through your Account Page information, you may review and update your Customer Information that we have already collected. At the time of making a purchase, you will be asked to allow the sharing of your Customer Information with affiliates and/or third parties who may contact you about their services and products. IF YOU OPT OUT OF HAVING YOUR CUSTOMER INFORMATION SHARED WITH AFFILIATES AND/OR THIRD PARTIES, YOU WILL NO LONGER BE ABLE TO PURCHASE PRODUCT FROM THIS SITE.
3.2 Lost or Stolen Information.
You must promptly notify us if your credit card, user name, or password is lost, stolen, or used without permission. In such event, we will remove that credit card, user name, or password from your account and update our records accordingly.
4.0 Updates and Changes to Privacy Policy.
We reserve the right, at any time and without notice, to add to, change, update, or modify this Privacy Policy, simply by posting such change, update, or modification on the Site and without any other notice to you. Any such change, update, or modification will be effective immediately upon posting on the Site. By continuing to use or access this Site after any changes become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy and any information collected or held by Company is subject to the revised Policy Privacy policy in effect at that time. We therefore ask that you periodically review this Privacy Policy to familiarize yourself with any changes.
All content of this Privacy Policy is: Copyright© 2016-2018 ODU-USA, Inc. 300 Camarillo Ranch Road, Suite A, Camarillo CA 93012. All rights reserved.