http://www.dreamdinners.com/main.php?static=terms
Sign in
Browse menu
How it works
Locations
Order
Help
Sign In
Hi,
My account
My meals
My orders
My events
Edit account
Sign Out
Get started
×
Order
Locations
Promotions
PLATEPOINTS
Gift Cards
Fundraisers
About Us
Our Food
Recipe Resources
Careers
Help
Sign In
At Dream Dinners, the safety of our guest, our staff and their families are our top priority. Our stores are open for curbside pick up and as local jurisdictions allow, we will be opening for assembly sessions. We are also offering Home Delivery at participating locations. To learn more about our ongoing health practices, please click here.
Session
Session Terms and Conditions
I will follow all rules of conduct related to the use of the Dream Dinners facilities during my assembling session.
I will not attend my Dream Dinners session if I have, or have been exposed to any communicable diseases including cold, flu, etc.
I will promptly freeze or refrigerate my Dream Dinners meals following the conclusion of my assembling session.
I will follow the baking instructions specified on all meals.
I will keep all dinners below 40ºF while in storage and I will heat all dinners to an internal temperature above 145ºF for Steak, 155ºF for fish or ground beef and 165ºF for poultry when ready to eat.
I assume full responsibility for the transportation and proper storage of all of my Dream Dinners meals.
I agree to release Dream Dinners from all claims, damages and causes of action or liabilities which may arise as a result of my preparation, storage and consumption of Dream Dinners meals, except if solely due to the gross negligence of Dream Dinners.
I will not resell my Dream Dinners or use them for commercial service.
I will have FUN!
Terms/Notes
Each attending guest must have placed an order or RSVP'd.
Bring a cooler or tote to transport food home.
Refreshments are provided.
For your safety, as well as the safety of the little ones, we ask that no one under the age of 12 attend. Store policies may vary based on local health code regulations.
Delivery Terms and Conditions
I understand that my delivery fee may incur additional charges if my delivery address is beyond 25 miles of my local store. Any additional fees will be charged to the original credit card.
I understand that delivery fees are non-refundable once they have been charged.
I understand that someone must be home to accept my delivery. I agree that I will be charged an additional fee if my order cannot be delivered and has to be returned to the store. I may also be subject to an additional restocking fee for my returned order, as outlined below in the Rescheduling/Cancellation section.
I understand that the delivery driver will try to contact me when they are on the way via the phone number I provided in the delivery information at checkout.
I will promptly freeze or refrigerate my Dream Dinners meals as soon as they are delivered.
I will follow the baking instructions specified on all meals.
I will keep all dinners below 40ºF while in storage and I will heat all dinners to an internal temperature above 145ºF for Steak, 155ºF for fish or ground beef and 165ºF for poultry when ready to eat.
I assume full responsibility for the proper storage of all of my Dream Dinners meals.
I will not resell my Dream Dinners or use them for commercial service.
Allergen Alert
In compliance with the "Food Allergen Labeling and Consumer Protection Act of 2004" please note that Dream Dinners' facilities may contain Dairy, Eggs, Crustacean Shellfish, Fish, Tree Nuts, Peanuts, Wheat, Soybeans and Sesame which account for most known allergens. Although Dream Dinners' store staff take appropriate safety measures, guests should be aware that cross contamination can occur among food products in store kitchens and at stations. The standard ingredients are available upon request from your local store, however, ingredient substitutions can be made at the store level due to regional availability. If guests feel that there may be a chance of allergens in any recipe, especially due to a pre-made ingredients, they need to call the store to ask for specific nutritional information.
Rescheduling/Cancellations
If you need to reschedule or cancel your order, please contact us 6 days prior to your session. Cancellations with 6 or more days' notice will receive a full refund. Cancellations with 5 or fewer days' notice will be subject to a 25% restocking fee.
We understand that life is unpredictable; if possible, the store will work with you to reschedule your session within two weeks of your original session date without penalty.
Inclement Weather - please contact your local store during inclement weather situations to see if your session has been canceled. In the event the store must close, information will be provided on the store’s voicemail and every effort will be made to reschedule your session.
Donations and Round Up Donations
Amounts contributed by you to the Dream Dinners Foundation are non-refundable.
Dream Dinners Website
Agreement of Service
This Policy and Terms Services Agreement ("Agreement") governs the use of the Dream Dinners, Inc.'s, Service ("Service") at Dream Dinners Inc.'s ("Service Provider") website and facilities. You can access this Agreement at any time from the bottom of any page of the Service.
Please read this Agreement carefully. Since the Service is designed to provide our customers the primary means of communication with Dream Dinners, Inc., of information, opinions and comments, and an enjoyable and informative experience for all, it's users must abide by certain rules. Your use of the Service will constitute your agreement to comply with these rules.
If you do not agree with the rules contained in this Agreement, please do not use our Service.
The following rules may be modified by Service Provider from time to time. Notice of revisions to this Agreement will be announced on this page. Continued use of the Service by you will constitute your acceptance of any changes or revisions to the Agreement, so it's wise to check this page regularly.
Your failure to follow the Service's rules, whether listed below or in supplemental notices posted at various points in the Service, may result in termination of your access to the Service, without notice, in addition to Service Provider's other remedies.
1. Use of the Service by You
- Your right to use the Service is personal to you: You may not authorize others to use the Service in a manner which conflicts with these Terms, and you are responsible for all of your own use of the Service.
- You agree that the Service shall be used for lawful purposes only and that you will not use any obscene, indecent or offensive language, or place on the Service any material that infringes in any way on the rights of others, or is false, defamatory, abusive, harassing or hateful. Further, you may not place on the Service any material that is encrypted, constitutes junk mail or unauthorized advertising, invades anyone's privacy, encourages conduct that would constitute a criminal offense or give rise to civil liability, or that otherwise violates any local, state, national or international law or regulation. You agree and acknowledge that your failure to follow the rules set forth in this Agreement may subject you to civil and criminal liability.
- Other than connecting to Service Provider's servers by HTTP requests using a Web browser, you may not attempt to gain access to Service Provider's servers by any means - including, without limitation, by using administrator passwords or by masquerading as an administrator while using the Service or otherwise.
- You agree that you shall not upload, post, or otherwise make available to the Service any material protected by copyright, trademark, or other proprietary right without the express permission of the owner of the copyright, trademark or other proprietary right. You agree that the burden of determining that any material is not protected by copyright, trademark or other proprietary right rests with you. You agree and acknowledge that you shall be solely liable for any damages resulting from any infringement of copyrights, trademarks, or proprietary rights, or any other harm resulting from any uploading, posting or submission.
- The Service contains copyrighted material, trademarks, and other proprietary information including, but not limited to, text, software, photos, video, graphics, music and sound, and the entire content of the Service is copyrighted as a collective work under the United States copyright laws. The Service Provider owns a copyright of the selection, coordination, arrangement and enhancement of such content, as well as in the content original to it. Each third-party content provider owns the copyright in the content original to it. You are prohibited from, and agree not to, modify, publish, transmit, participate in the transfer or sale, create derivative works, or in any way exploit, any of the content of the Service, in whole or in part.
Except as otherwise expressly permitted under copyright law, no copying, redistribution, publication, or commercial exploitation of downloaded material from the Service will be permitted without the express, written consent of the Service Provider and any other applicable copyright owners. In the event of any permitted copying, redistribution or publication of copyrighted material, no changes in or deletions of author attribution, trademark, legend or copyright notice shall be made. You hereby agree and acknowledge that you do not acquire any ownership rights by downloading copyrighted material.
- You agree upon registration with the Service to provide the Service with accurate and complete name and e-mail address information, and to promptly update this information from time to time as needed.
- Postings or e-mails are not private. All other information and material you supply or communicate to the service is governed by the Service's, which is accessible at any time from the bottom of any page on the Service.
- You agree not to disrupt, modify or interfere with the Service or its associated software, hardware and servers in any way, and you agree not to impede or interfere with others' use of the Service. You further agree not to alter or tamper with any information or material on, or associated with, the Service.
- You acknowledge that the Service Provider has not reviewed and does not endorse the content of all sites linked to from this Service and is not responsible for the content or actions of any other sites linked to from this Service. Linking to any other service or site from this Service is at your sole risk.
Copyright Complaints
Dream Dinners respects the intellectual property of others, and we require our users to do the same. Dream Dinners may, in appropriate circumstances and at its discretion, terminate the access of users, subscribers, and account holders who infringe the copyright rights of others.
If you believe that your work has been copied and is accessible on the DreamDinners.com service in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, or that DreamDinners.com contains links or other references to another online location that contains material or activity that infringes your copyright rights, you may notify Dream Dinners by providing Dream Dinners copyright agent the information required by the Online Copyright Infringement Liability Limitation Act of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act., 17 U.S.C. §512.
Any claims of copyright infringement on or regarding this Web Site should be sent to Dream Dinners Designated Agent to receive notification of claimed infringement: Dream Dinners, Inc., Legal Department 1323 Ave D #889, Snohomish, WA 98291.
Material Provided by Others
You agree that the Service Provider is not responsible, and shall have no liability to you, with respect to any information or materials posted by others, including but not limited to, infringing, defamatory, offensive or illicit material.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify the Service Provider and its affiliates, employees, agents and representatives, and to hold them harmless from any and all claims and liabilities (including attorney's fees) that may arise from your submissions, from your unauthorized use of material obtained through the Service, from your breach of this Agreement, or from any such acts arising though your use of Service.
Additional Rules
The Service Provider reserves the right to post, from time to time, additional rules of usage that apply to specific parts of the Service. Such additional rules will be posted in the relevant parts of the Service, and will be clearly identified. Your use of the Service constitutes your agreement to comply with these additional rules.
Disclaimer of Warranty and Limitation of Liability
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU ARE USING THE SERVICE AT YOUR OWN RISK. THE SERVICE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", AND THE SERVICE PROVIDER AND ITS AFFILIATES HEREBY EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS AND IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTIES OF ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR ANY OTHER WARRANTY, CONDITION, GUARANTEE OR REPRESENTATION, WHETHER ORAL, IN WRITING OR IN ELECTRONIC FORM, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS.
SERVICE PROVIDER AND ITS AFFILIATES DO NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT THE ACCESS TO THE SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THERE WILL BE NO FAILURES, ERRORS OR OMISSIONS OR LOSS OF TRANSMITTED INFORMATION, OR THAT NO VIRUSES WILL BE TRANSMITTED ON THE SERVICE.
THE SERVICE PROVIDER AND ITS AFFILIATES SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTIES FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES ALLEGEDLY SUSTAINED ARISING OUT OF YOUR ACCESS TO OR INABILITY TO ACCESS THE SERVICE, INCLUDING FOR VIRUSES ALLEGED TO HAVE BEEN OBTAINED FROM THE SERVICE, YOUR USE OF OR RELIANCE ON THE SERVICE OR ANY OF THE INFORMATION OR MATERIALS AVAILABLE ON THE SERVICE, REGARDLESS OF THE TYPE OF CLAIM OR THE NATURE OF THE CAUSE OF ACTION, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSIONS OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. YOU MAY ALSO HAVE OTHER RIGHTS WHICH VARY FROM STATE TO STATE.
Termination
Service Provider has the right to terminate your ability to access the Service, for any reason, without notice.
Jurisdiction
You agree that this Agreement, for all purposes, shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Washington applicable to contracts to be wholly performed therein, and any action based on or alleging a breach of this Agreement must be brought in a state or federal court in Seattle, Washington. In addition, you agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction and venue of such courts.
Severability
If any provision of this Agreement or portion thereof shall be declared invalid for any reason, the invalid provision or portion thereof shall be deemed omitted and the remaining terms shall be given full force and effect.
Entire Agreement
This Agreement is the complete and entire agreement between the parties and supersedes any prior agreement, whether written or oral. If you don't agree to the terms contained in this Agreement, please exit the Service now.
Dream Dinners Gift Cards
Terms & Conditions
Dream Dinners Gift Cards are redeemable for merchandise only at any participating Dream Dinners locations or online at dreamdinners.com. To redeem online enter the gift card number on the Billing Information page during check-out.
Dream Dinners Gift Cards may not be returned or redeemed for cash or credit except where required by law.
Because your Dream Dinners Gift Card is used like cash for purchases from Dream Dinners, you are responsible for all transactions associated with your Gift Card, including unauthorized transactions.
However, if your Dream Dinners Gift Card is lost, stolen or damaged, it can be replaced for the remaining value with proof of the original purchase receipt and account number.
To report a lost, stolen or damaged Dream Dinners Gift Card, please call 1-360-804-2020.
Dream Dinners Gift Cards are available for purchase online or in participating stores in set amounts from $25-$500. Dream Dinners Gift Cards may be reloaded only at participating Dream Dinners locations. Dream Dinners Gift cards do not expire and there are no fees for the use of your Dream Dinners Gift Card.
For balance inquiries, click here. The card is required for all inquiries.
For customer service, please call 1-360-804-2020.
Meal Prep+ Membership
Enrollment
Meal Prep+ is a membership program that provides a discount on food and additional perks during the membership term. Meal Prep+ is only offered at participating locations.
To enroll, use your existing Dream Dinners account and sign up for the membership. The enrollment fee for a 6-month membership is $50.
By enrolling in Meal Prep+, you agree to receive email and text message marketing messages and program communication from Dream Dinners and its affiliates. You may opt out of marketing communications by managing your communication preferences in your account settings, or by using the unsubscribe links in emails we send, or by replying STOP to text messages. You will continue to receive transactional messages related to orders and your account by email.
Your membership details and orders will appear in your My Account dashboard at the Dream Dinners web site.
Membership Benefits
6-month membership term = 10% discount on all food (Dinners, Sides and Sweets), subject to the restrictions below.
Orders can be placed online, over the phone with the store or by filling out a paper menu and handing it to a store staff member.
Changes or reschedules made less than 6 days of session date will be subject to the reschedule and cancellation fees.
Minimum Purchase Requirements
In order to maintain membership in Meal Prep+, you must place a minimum standard order each menu month during the membership term.
A minimum standard order consists of 6 large dinners, 12 medium dinners or a combination of both (36 total servings).
Dream Dinners menu months do not follow a calendar month. You must complete 1 order for each menu month.
Additional orders placed during the same menu month do not count towards your required minimum for the membership term, but the discount will apply provided that the standard monthly order is in the system first.
Starter Menu Option
A limited number of store locations will offer a Starter Menu option to the Meal Prep+ program. If you select the Starter Menu option, the store location will select the meals for your monthly order. The order will consist of 12 medium or 12 large dinners, and the order type and session date and time will be scheduled 4-5 weeks from the current session type, date and time. You may modify the order and session date prior to the session by emailing or calling the store location up to one week prior to the session date. Modifications made less than 6 days before the session date will be subject to reschedule and cancellation fees. You will be charged a partial payment for the order at the time it is placed with the remaining amount charged 5 days before the session date.
Restrictions
Meal Prep+ is non-transferable and may not be shared with other accounts. Meal Prep+ may not be combined with other loyalty programs, discounts or promotions. If enrolled in PLATEPOINTS loyalty program, your PLATEPOINTS account will be placed on hold during the term of your membership in Meal Prep+ and you will not accrue points or Dinner Dollars. You may continue to apply existing Dinner Dollars to qualified purchases during the term of your membership. Any guest account that is assigned preferred user status cannot purchase a membership or be part of the membership program.
Fundraisers, Meal Prep Starter Pack or Meal Prep Workshops are not eligible for minimum standard orders.
Renewal
Before the end of the current membership term, we will contact you by email to alert you to the expiration date of your current membership. You will need to purchase a new membership to maintain the Meal Prep+ membership benefits.
Cancelation
During the membership term, if you fail to meet the minimum purchase requirement, your membership in Meal Prep+ will be canceled and you forfeit any additional discounted months in your membership.
You may cancel your enrollment in Meal Prep+ at any time by contacting your store locations; however, membership fees are nonrefundable once the first discounted order is placed and completed.
PLATEPOINTS Program
Terms & Conditions
December 28, 2014 Version 1.1
These Terms and Conditions govern the PLATEPOINTS reward program and the terms and Privacy Policy on the web site dreamdinners.com are also incorporated by reference.
OVERVIEW
PLATEPOINTS (the "Program") is a customer reward program offered by Dream Dinners Inc. (the "Company") that allows customers to earn points through purchases and activities at participating Dream Dinners&reg; locations and/or the dreamdinners.com website, that lead to discount rewards on future qualified purchases.
ENROLLMENT
To earn and redeem PLATEPOINTS, customers must open a Dream Dinners account and enroll in the PLATEPOINTS Program. To open a new Dream Dinners account, fill out an application at any participating Dream Dinners location, or online at www.dreamdinners.com. Only one account and member ID per person is permitted at any given time. By enrolling in the Program, members agree to and are subject to these Terms & Conditions. Upon registration, all qualifying purchases or activities will earn points in the member's associated account.
EARNING REWARD POINTS AND REWARD DINNER DOLLARS
PLATEPOINTS are earned on qualifying purchases and/or activities. Accumulation of 500 PLATEPOINTS will result in 10 Dinner Dollars in the member's associated account. From time to time, Company may, in its sole discretion, establish alternative rates for earning points and bonus points that differentiate among members on the basis of, or that depend on, reflect, or are affected by, member achievement of specified levels of the Program or other criteria. PLATEPOINTS may not be sold, transferred or assigned, as part of a domestic relations matter or otherwise by operation of law, and are not transferable upon death.
USING REWARD DINNER DOLLARS
Reward Dinner Dollars can be used on any purchases over and above the then-current Dream Dinners minimum order, including ordering additional entrees, sides or services. Reward Dinner Dollars are not redeemable for cash. Reward Dinner Dollars are not member's property and may be revoked by Company at any time. Reward Dinner Dollars may not be sold, transferred or assigned, as part of a domestic relations matter or otherwise by operation of law, and are not transferable upon death. Reward Dinner Dollars expire 6 months (180 days) after the date they are issued.
COMMUNICATIONS
By enrolling in the Program, members agree to receive advertising, marketing materials and other Program communications, unless expressly disallowed as a profile preference. Members are obliged to submit and maintain accurate and current user information in connection with their memberships, including without limitation name, address, e-mail address and telephone number. Members can change their account information by updating member profile data or requesting an update from a store level staff member.
Members may track their PLATEPOINTS account balance and any Reward Dinner Dollars that have been earned by logging in to their Dream Dinners account online at dreamdinners.com. Dream Dinners may also send electronic notification of Rewards and Dinner Dollars via email periodically.
Members are responsible to maintain the confidentiality of their account user ID and password, and are fully responsible for all activities that occur with respect to their user ID and password whether or not they have authorized the activities.
Company is not responsible for any correspondence, mail or e-mail that is lost, delayed or misdirected. No responsibility is assumed for any computer, telephone, cable, network, satellite, electronic or Internet hardware or software malfunctions, failures, connections, availability or garbled or jumbled transmissions, or service provider / Internet / web site / use net accessibility or availability, traffic congestion, or unauthorized human intervention.
PARTICIPATION AND ELIGIBILITY
The Program is void where prohibited by law. There is no membership fee for the Program. Each individual is entitled to only one account and it may not be shared with other non-members. Membership is valid only at participating Dream Dinners locations listed at dreamdinners.com.
Participation in the Program is subject to these Terms and Conditions and all other rules, policies, and procedures that Company may establish or change at any time and from time to time without notice. Continued participation in the Program constitutes acceptance of any changes to these Terms and Conditions.
The Program is open to legal residents of the United States age eighteen (18) years and older. Employees of Company and their franchisees are excluded from the Program, unless specifically allowed by Company and the franchisee. If applicable. If allowed for employees, purchases made with their Reward Dinner Dollars may only be for their own personal use or for use by immediate family members living in the same household. Company may request proof of identification and age to verify: (a) eligibility for Program membership, (b) membership participation, and (c) compliance with these terms. In the event of a dispute as to entries submitted by multiple users having the same e-mail account, the authorized subscriber of the e-mail account used to enter the Program at the actual time of entry will be deemed to be the user and must comply with these Terms and Conditions.
CHANGES, UPDATES, OR TERMINATION OF THE PROGRAM
Company may change the Program at any time and without notice, including but not limited to (a) changing the Program's earning rates, (b) changing the Program's structure, (c) removing or changing the rate at which PLATEPOINTS are earned or redeemed for Reward Dinner Dollars, (d) revising the procedures and rules for earning or redeeming PLATEPOINTS or Reward Dinner Dollars, (e) changing expiration terms, (f) associating, combining, integrating, linking, or merging the Program with other programs, and (g) changing the list of participating locations. Company may make these changes even if these changes affect a member's ability to use PLATEPOINTS or Reward Dinner Dollars already accumulated or earned. Changes will be posted here under a revised date and version number.
RETURNS
Any points that a member earns may be deducted from the member's account if the products are returned or services canceled, even if: (i) the member has redeemed those points prior to the return or cancellation, (ii) some or all of the points deducted from the account are not related to the program eligible purchase for which such return or cancellation is made, and (iii) the deduction from the points account results in a negative points balance. In the event that the number of points that could be deducted from an account as a result of a return or cancellation exceeds the current points account balance, Company reserves the right to determine the redemption value of the points shortfall and reduce the amount of refund or Dinner Dollars for such return or cancellation by such redemption value.
MEMBER CANCELLATION
Members have the right to cancel their membership in the Program at any time. If a member cancels his/her membership, no refunds will be available. Members who cancel voluntarily may not reactivate the account but are eligible to open a new account without the benefit of the previously accumulated balance.
SWEEPSTAKES OR CONTESTS
From time to time, members may be eligible for sweepstakes, contests or other similar promotions. Participation in such events shall be subject to the terms, conditions and rules published at the time of such event and applicable state laws.
TERMINATION OF MEMBERSHIP
Company reserves the right to terminate the Program at any time, for any reason, with or without notice, even though termination may affect members' ability to accrue PLATEPOINTS or redeem Reward Dinner Dollars. Any accumulated PLATEPOINTS and Reward Dinner Dollars will be de-activated and will cease to be available on and from that particular date.
LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY
Company and its partners, affiliates, subsidiaries, parent corporations, franchisees and their respective agents and agencies ("Releasees") are not responsible for incorrect or inaccurate transcription of information, for problems related to any of the equipment or programming associated with the Program, for any human error, for any interruption, deletion, omission, defect, or line failure of any telephone network or electronic transmission, for problems relating to computer equipment, software, inability to access the rules or online service, or for any other technical or non-technical error or malfunction. In the event of a printing error or problem with any items purchased with rewards, Releasees shall not have any liability. Under no circumstances, including, but not limited to, negligence, shall any of the Releasees be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, punitive or consequential damages arising from the Program, or merchandise purchased with Reward Dinner Dollars, even if any or all of the foregoing or any of their authorized representatives have been advised of the possibility of such damages. By participating in the Program, members waive any and all rights to bring any claim or action related to such matters beyond ninety (90) days after the first occurrence of the kind of act, event, condition or omission upon which the claim or action is based.
Further, by enrolling in the Program, each member agrees to release and hold harmless Company, its licensees, affiliates, subsidiaries, merchant partners, franchisees, advertising and promotion agencies and their respective directors, officers, employees, representatives and agents from any and all liability for any injuries, loss or damage of any kind to person, including death, and property, arising in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, from acceptance, use or misuse of the rewards discounts or participation in any Program-related activity.
Referral Program
Terms & Conditions
IMPORTANT NOTICE:We reserve the right to add to and/or change our Referral Programs Terms & Conditions at any time. This means, for example, that we may change the automatic rewards earned for sessions attended or purchases made, impose caps and/or fees on earning or redeeming rewards and/or cancel rewards.
Participation in our Referral Programs (Bring a Friend) is open to all residents of the U.S. who are 18 years of age or older.
Bring a Friend is available at all Dream Dinners locations only.
To participate and earn referral credit, you must be a Dream Dinners' guest.
Persons invited to visit Dream Dinners through our Bring a Friend program must schedule and attend a session before referral credit is available for use by the Dream Dinners' guest making the referral.
Referral credit is only earned when the referred guest is new to Dream Dinners, having never attended a Dream Dinners meal assembly in the past.
Referral credits earned are available for use 72 hours following the day a referred guest is scheduled to attend a session.
Referral credit is automatically entered into the referring guest's account within 72 hours provided the referred guest does not cancel their order, or is found to already have been a Dream Dinners guest at any time in the past.
Once referral credit is available for use it is automatically applied toward future orders.
Dream Dinners may cancel, modify, restrict or terminate the Bring A Friend Referral Program at any time without prior notice at its sole discretion.
In case of suspected fraud, misrepresentation, abuse or violation of these rules, we reserve the right to take appropriate administrative and/or legal action, including the rescinding of earned referral credit and/or billing for referral credit earned through fraud, misrepresentation, abuse or violation.
By participating in our Referral Program, you agree to receive related confirmation, follow-up and reminder emails as well as marketing information from Dream Dinners. You may request to be removed from our distribution list by contacting a local Dream Dinners location or by emailing customerservice@dreamdinners.com . By asking to be removed from our distribution lists you relinquish your right to receive the aforementioned communications.
The information you provide through our Referral Program is confidential. Email addresses you provide will only be used for the purpose of sending invitations to place an order with Dream Dinners. Email addresses you provide will not be sold or rented to any other company or 3rd party not affiliated with Dream Dinners.
Invitees who subsequently become Dream Dinners' customers and use of their personal information are subject to our general terms and conditions as outlined in the Policies and Terms section of our web site.
Employees of Dream Dinners, Inc. are ineligible to earn referral credits.
Dream Dinners' preferred guests (contractors, vendors, etc.) are ineligible to earn referral credits.
Members of corporate programs or group discount programs are eligible to earn referral credits.
In the event you choose to make purchases at different Dream Dinners locations your earned referral credit will move with you.
Referral credits may not be transferred to another individual or used for purchase of any products other than Dream Dinners menu items.
Referral credit of $10 per order will only be earned on purchases of minimum size or greater. Dream Dinners Meal Prep Starter Pack purchases or a purchase of less than 36 servings will result in a referral credit of $5.
Referral rewards of any kind, whether store credit or other rewards that may periodically available, will not be earned on sales tax, reward redemption's, prior purchases or gift cards.
Guests invited to attend Dream Dinners through referral programs are responsible for updating account information at dreamdinners.com or through direct contact with any participating Dream Dinners Store.
Participation in the Dream Dinners Referral Program is void if prohibited by law in the jurisdiction in which the prospective participant resides.
Only the Dream Dinners' guest that has an account with Dream Dinners may earn referral credits or other rewards.
Dream Dinners referral credits have no cash value.
Dream Dinners referral credits are not transferable to another guest's account.
Referral credits unused after 90 days will expire and no longer available toward future purchases.
Contests, Sweepstakes and Promotions
Dream Dinners 2020 30 Days of Dinner Fun Instagram Photo Contest Official Rules
Important: Please read these rules before entering this contest (the "Contest").
By participating in this Contest, you agree to be bound by these Official Rules and represent that you satisfy all the eligibility requirements below.
NO PURCHASE NECESSARY TO ENTER OR WIN.
1. General Information.
Contest Sponsor: Dream Dinners, Inc.
Contest Sponsor Mailing Address: P.O Box 889, Snohomish, WA 98291
Contest Sponsor State: Washington
Contest Start Date: October 1, 2020
Contest End Date: October 31, 2020
Prizes: One winner will receive a Dream Dinners e-gift card valued at $500.00
Total ARV of Contest Prizes: $500
Odds of Winning Grand Prize: Odds of winning a prize are determined by the number of entries received.
2. Contest Sponsorship. This Contest's sponsor is as described in Section 1 above "Contest Sponsor" or "Sponsor"). Any information you provide in connection with the Contest is to the Contest Sponsor. The Contest is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with Instagram. You understand that you are providing your information to Sponsor and not to Instagram.
3. Eligibility. THIS CONTEST IS OPEN ONLY TO LEGAL RESIDENTS OF THE FIFTY (50) UNITED STATES AND THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA WHO ARE AT LEAST AGE 18 (OR THE AGE OF MAJORITY UNDER APPLICABLE LAW) AND WHO HAVE A VALID PUBLIC INSTAGRAM ACCOUNT. IF YOU DO NOT MEET ANY OF THESE REQUIREMENTS, OR ANY OTHER ELIGIBILITY REQUIREMENTS IN THESE OFFICIAL RULES, YOU ARE NOT ELIGIBLE TO WIN ANY PRIZES AND DREAM DINNERS, INC. RESERVES THE RIGHT NOT TO AWARD PRIZES TO YOU. If you have an APO or FPO mailing address, you must identify your state of permanent residence. To be eligible to win a prize, entries must be completed and received by Dream Dinners in the manner and format described below. Employees, officers and directors of Contest Sponsor, its franchises or licensees, their respective parent companies, subsidiaries, affiliates, advertising and promotion agencies and the immediate families or members of the same household of such employees, officers, and directors are not eligible to enter. All applicable federal, state, and local laws and regulations apply. Offer void where prohibited by law.
4. Entry. During the Contest Period, you may enter the Contest by uploading a picture to Instagram showing your family eating dinner together. Your picture must be accompanied by the following two things. Failure to include both things will result in no entry into the Contest:
Tag your photo with @DreamDinners; and
Use the hashtag #30DaysofDinner
5. Alternative Method of Entry.
During the Contest Period, you may also enter the Contest by sending a postcard to Sponsor at P.O Box 889, Snohomish, WA 98291, attention: “2020 30 Days of Dinner Fun,” with your first name, last name, phone number, address and valid email address.
6. Conditions of Photo Content Submission.
By entering the Contest, you warrant that your entry (1) is original and does not infringe the intellectual-property rights of any third party, (2) has not been published in any medium, (3) has not won an award, and (4) does not contain any information, photograph, or video of another person from which you have not obtained consent; and (5) that you have a valid public Instagram account. (“Entry”). Only one Entry is permitted per day. Multiple entries are permitted, provided that each entry must be a unique photo. Obscene, provocative or otherwise inappropriate content will not be considered. Sponsor retains sole discretion as to what constitutes inappropriate content.
7. Copyright Assignment.
Each submitted photo becomes the exclusive property of Sponsor, and may be used by Sponsor for marketing and promotional purposes, and Sponsor shall have the exclusive authority to remove or retain entries and to repost on any of Sponsor’s websites or social media sites (such as Sponsor’s Facebook page).
By entering the Contest, you agree that your Entry will be deemed a Work Made For Hire under the Copyright laws of the United States, but if it cannot be so deemed, then you irrevocably assign and transfer to Sponsor all of your right, title and interest in and to your photograph and accompanying narrative, including all but not limited to all copyright and trademark rights which you may have, in the United States and worldwide, therein, for consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged. Upon request of Sponsor, you shall execute and deliver any additional instrument of assignment, as may be solely deemed by Sponsor, reasonably necessary to establish the ownership of record of the right, title and interest in and to the Entry and of the copyrights transferred and “moral rights of authors” waived under these Official Rules. If Sponsor fails to request an assignment, that shall not be deemed a waiver of Sponsor’s rights and Sponsor may at a later time request the assignment.
8.	Drawing: Winners will be selected via a random number generator by November 9, 2020. Winners will be notified within 10 days of selection via Instagram. If unable to make contact with the winner within 15 days after Sponsor first attempts to notify the winner, Sponsor will select a back up winner in accordance with the above. Likewise, if the original winner is ineligible or fails to timely return the signed Dream Dinners Publicity Release Form, or in the event of non-compliance with any other requirements of this Contest, the winner shall forfeit the prize in its entirety, and Sponsor shall award the prize to an alternate winner selected in accordance with the above.
9.	Prizes.
One winner will win a Dream Dinners e-gift card valued at approximately $500.00, good at any Dream Dinners store location. ALL FEDERAL, STATE AND LOCAL TAXES ASSOCIATED WITH THE RECEIPT OR USE OF ANY PRIZES ARE THE SOLE RESPONSIBILITY OF THE WINNER. Dream Dinners reserves the right to substitute a Prize of comparable or greater value for the Prize. No other substitutions or exchanges (including for cash) of the Prize will be permitted. Prizes are awarded "AS IS" and WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, express or implied, (including, without limitation, any implied warranty of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose). Prizes will be fulfilled approximately two (2) to four (4) weeks after notification of the Prize winner. Prizes will be delivered via an email containing the e-gift card.
10.	Disclaimer.
Dream Dinners and any other participating sponsors, including their respective parent companies, subsidiaries, affiliates, directors, officers, professional advisors, employees and agencies (collectively, the "Released Parties") will not be responsible for: (a) any late, lost, misrouted, garbled or distorted or damaged transmissions or entries; (b) telephone, electronic, hardware, software, network, Internet, or other computer- or communications-related malfunctions or failures; (c) any Contest disruptions, injuries, losses or damages caused by events beyond the control of Dream Dinners or by non-authorized human intervention; or (d) any printing or typographical errors in any materials associated with the Contest.
11.	Release of Liability.
By entering the contest, you release Instagram and Dream Dinners, its parent, affiliates, subsidiaries, officers, directors, agents, employees, all Released Parties, and all others associated with the development, production, implementation, and distribution of this Contest, from any liability whatsoever, and waive any and all causes of action, for any claims, costs, injuries, losses, or damages of any kind arising out of or in connection with the Contest or delivery, mis-delivery, acceptance, possession, or use of or inability to use any Prize (including, without limitation, claims, costs, injuries, losses and damages related to personal injuries, death, damage to or destruction of property, rights of publicity or privacy, defamation or portrayal in a false light, whether intentional or unintentional), whether under a theory of contract, tort (including negligence), warranty or other theory.
12.	Use of Winner’s Name, Likeness, etc.
Except where prohibited by law, entry into the Contest grants Dream Dinners an exclusive, irrevocable, unlimited, worldwide, perpetual, sublicensable license and right to use winner's name, social media name(s), likeness, persona, hometown, and/or Prize information in all media now known or later devised for all purposes Dream Dinners deems appropriate, including without limitation, for promotional and publicity purposes, without further permission or compensation. As a condition of being awarded any Prize, except where prohibited by law, Winner and anyone appearing in Winner’s Entry, may (in Dream Dinner’s sole discretion) be required to execute a written consent, confirming Dream Dinner’s right to use the name, social media name(s), likeness, persona, hometown, and/or Prize information of Winner or the person/people in Winner’s Entry, without further permission or compensation.
13.	Additional Terms.
Sponsor reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to cancel, terminate, modify, or suspend this Contest for any reason. Sponsor reserves the right to disqualify any individual it finds, in its sole discretion, to be tampering with the entry process or the operation of the Contest. Sponsor reserves the right to prosecute any fraudulent activities to the full extent of the law.
14.	Disputes.
Entrant agrees that: (i) any and all disputes, claims and causes of action arising out of or connected with this Contest, or any prizes awarded, other than those concerning the administration of the Contest or the determination of winners, shall be resolved individually, without resort to any form of class action; (ii) any and all disputes, claims and causes of action arising out of or connected with this Contest, or any prizes awarded, shall be resolved exclusively by the Washington State Court, for the city of Snohomish; (iii) any and all claims, judgments and awards shall be limited to actual out-of-pocket costs incurred, including costs associated with entering this Contest, but in no event attorneys’ fees; and (iv) under no circumstances will entrant be permitted to obtain awards for, and entrant hereby waives all rights to claim punitive, incidental and consequential damages and any other damages, other than for actual out-of-pocket expenses, and any and all rights to have damages multiplied or otherwise increased. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATIONS OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. All issues and questions concerning the construction, validity, interpretation and enforceability of these Official Rules, or the rights and obligations of the entrant and Sponsor in connection with the Contest, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Washington, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law rules (whether of the State of Washington or any other jurisdiction), which would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of Washington
15.	Winners List or a Copy of the Official Rules. To obtain a list of the Winners or a copy of the Official Rules, send a self-addressed, stamped envelope with your request by the Contest End Date as described in Section 1 above to the "Sponsor Mailing Address" as described in Section 1 above, attention: "2020 30 Days of Dinner Challenge."
Blog
Terms & Conditions
By using and/or downloading and/or placing online any part of our Content including our News Feeds, or the content they contain, you agree to be bound by these terms and conditions. Dream Dinners, Inc. reserves the right to update the terms and conditions as necessary. It is your responsibility to review them periodically.
Dream Dinners Content is provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. Dream Dinners Inc. gives no warranty of any kind in relation to our Feed or our Content and we disclaim all implied warranties, including, but not limited to, satisfactory quality, fitness for purpose, non-infringement, compatibility and accuracy.
Our Dream Dinners blog may contain nutritional news and data, supplied for general information purposes only. The materials contained within these blogs or our websites do not constitute medical advice, which should be sought from qualified medical advisers. Descriptions of, or references to, products or publications does not imply endorsement of that product or publication.
The Dream Dinners Blog contain links to external web sites. In no event shall Dream Dinners, Inc. be responsible for the content, accuracy or opinions expressed in these web sites. These web sites are not monitored or checked for accuracy or completeness by us. Inclusion of web sites linked to via content and links in our site does not imply approval or endorsement of the linked web site by us. If you decide to leave our web site and access these third-party sites, you do so at your own risk.
The material displayed on our blogs is provided without any guarantees, conditions or warranties as to its accuracy. All title, ownership rights and intellectual property rights shall remain the property of Dream Dinners, Inc.
Re-production of Content on Other Websites
Any Dream Dinners content placed on your Site (web site, blog, comment, post, etc.) must be accredited to Dream Dinners Inc., with links placed to the original article on our blogs or websites. You are permitted to display the following on your Site, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it:
The headline of the article (but not in the title of the page)
An active link to the full article on our blogs or websites (necessary if you place any part of the article, description or headline online)
The brief description of the article provided in our RSS Feed
The first two paragraphs or the first half of the article if there are less than four paragraphs in total
An active link to any Dream Dinners website or blog
However:
You may not place, or use any software to place, any complete articles from our blogs or websites on your Site, unless you have contacted us first and have received written permission from us to place the entire article online - these full terms and conditions will apply.
You must not establish a link from any website that is not owned by you.
Use of our logo is not permitted.
You must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists.
You may not directly or indirectly suggest any endorsement or approval by Dream Dinners, Inc. of your Site, products, content or any views expressed within your Site.
Our Content may only be placed on Sites which:
Do not promote, facilitate or encourage Illegal activities (and do not display actionable Content under UK or US law).
Do not promote, facilitate or encourage Hatred of any form (including, but not limited to, Racism, Terrorism, Violence and Discrimination of any kind).
Do not have misleading, pornographic or defamatory content.
Do not display any material which is in breach of any third party intellectual property rights.
If you use a script to gather the information from our RSS feeds, you must use a server-side scripting language such as PHP or ASP, not JavaScript. You must gather the data from the feeds at regular intervals of an hour or more and use a database to store it. Using a script that gathers data from our site with every page load is not permitted.
Images are the copyright property of Dream Dinners Inc., or respective third party company. Images cannot under any circumstance be copied, saved, used, and/or edited, without written consent of Dream Dinners, Inc.
You (the user) agree Dream Dinners, Inc cannot be held liable/accountable for any problems or loss arising from any widgets, gadgets, software, devices and any such application regardless of whether Dream Dinners, Inc has added input into such application.
SMS Terms
Terms & Conditions
Dream Dinners Text Messaging
When you opt-in to the service from your account, we will send you a message that confirms your signup. When you give a store permission to opt you in, we will send you a message that requires you to confirm your opt in request. You must text "YES" back to confirm. Once confirmed we will send you a message that confirms you are signed up. Message and data rates may apply. You will receive up to 12 Msgs/Month if you opt into all preferences. Text "HELP" for help. Text "STOP" to cancel.
You can cancel this service at any time. Just text "STOP" to 73328. After you send the message "STOP" to us, we will send you a reply message to confirm that you have been unsubscribed. After this, you will no longer receive messages from us. If you want to join again, just log in to your account and opt back in and we will start sending messages to you again.
If at any time you forget what keywords are supported, just text "HELP" to 73328. After you send the message "HELP" to us, we will respond with instructions on how to use our service as well as how to unsubscribe.
Participating carriers: AT&T, Verizon Wireless, Sprint, T-Mobile, U.S. Cellular, Boost Mobile, MetroPCS, Virgin Mobile, Alaska Communications Systems (ACS), Appalachian Wireless (EKN), Bluegrass Cellular, Cellular One of East Central, IL (ECIT), Cellular One of Northeast Pennsylvania, Cricket, Coral Wireless (Mobi PCS), COX, Cross, Element Mobile (Flat Wireless), Epic Touch (Elkhart Telephone), GCI, Golden State, Hawkeye (Chat Mobility), Hawkeye (NW Missouri), Illinois Valley Cellular, Inland Cellular, iWireless (Iowa Wireless), Keystone Wireless (Immix Wireless/PC Man), Mosaic (Consolidated or CTC Telecom), Nex-Tech Wireless, NTelos, Panhandle Communications, Pioneer, Plateau (Texas RSA 3 Ltd), Revol, RINA, Simmetry (TMP Corporation), Thumb Cellular, Union Wireless, United Wireless, Viaero Wireless, and West Central (WCC or 5 Star Wireless).
T-Mobile is not liable for delayed or undelivered messages.
Dream Dinners will never charge you for the text messages you receive. As always, message and data rates may apply for any messages sent to you from us and to us from you. If you have any questions about your text plan or data plan, it is best to contact your wireless provider.
If you have any questions regarding privacy, please read our Privacy Policy.
Browse Menus
How it Works
Order
More
© Dream Dinners, Inc.
Terms
Privacy
Cookies
Sitemap