http://www.prospectmedical.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Breadcrumb
Home
Privacy Policy
OUR PRIVACY POLICY
Prospect Medical and its family of companies are committed to maintaining the privacy of those who communicate with us through our website. This privacy policy discloses our website information collection and use practices and lets you know what happens to any information that we collect.
OUR INFORMATION COLLECTION PRACTICES
We may collect personally identifiable information about you from you or your representatives, such as your name, address, phone number, email address or other demographic information to respond to a request from you or your representatives services, products or other information, to communicate with you about our events, services or products that may be of interest to you or when you complete application, employment or contact forms.
We utilize your Internet Protocol address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our site. An Internet protocol address is a number that automatically identifies the computer/machine you have used to access the Internet, the way a phone number identifies you on the phone system. The address enables our server to send you the web pages that you want to visit, and it may disclose the server owned by your Internet Service Provider.
We also use cookies. Cookies are pieces of information that a website transfers to a user’s computer for purposes of storing information about a user’s preferences. Just as many major websites use cookies as a standard practice to provide useful features when a user visits the site, we use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests. Cookies in and of themselves do not personally identify users, although they do identify a user’s computer. A user can set his or her browser to refuse cookies, but then he or she may not be able to take full advantage of the site.
We may use website analytics and other quantitative information on website activity, including the number of users to the site, and the pages visited to assist in improving a user’s website experience and our offerings to users.
If you provide personally identifiable information to us voluntarily through our website, we will not sell, license or transmit information collected from our website outside of our organization unless it is for one or more of the following reasons:
To our third-party providers who perform tasks on our behalf and assist us in providing our services provided the third-party provider agrees to comply with applicable privacy and security regulations.
To comply with applicable laws and regulations.
To fulfill our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts that we executed.
To improve our website, social media or other internet presence.
For quality assurance purposes.
To evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets.
As necessary or appropriate to for safety purposes of our employees, patients, customers and visitors, including to prevent, detect and investigate fraud or other illegal activities.
As otherwise described to you in our specific privacy notices.
WEBSITE SECURITY
Certain uses of our website may require you to give us unique identifiers in order to access specific areas of the site. These identifiers may include, as appropriate, subscriber identification number, provider identification number, employer identification number, and/or an assigned personal identification number (PIN). We utilize these unique identifiers to verify the user’s identity and eligibility, in order to protect against the release of sensitive or personally identifiable information to unauthorized users.
While we have security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse and/or unauthorized access of personal information, you must take responsible and appropriate steps to safeguard your identification numbers to help protect your privacy.
We aim to protect and keep confidential all information that is voluntarily provided to us through this website; however; because of the nature of the internet, we cannot guarantee the security of all information we receive through our website or via email.
HOW TO OPT-OUT OR MAKE CHANGES
At certain locations on our website where we request information about the user, our website provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us. You may follow the instructions at those sites, or you can submit your request by calling the following telephone number: 844.763.8442 or prospect.ethicspoint.com.
CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
This section only applies to California residents who are “Consumers”, as defined under California law. In the preceding twelve months, we have collected or may collect through our website and services, the following information:
Personal Identifiers and other personally identifiable information, such as real name, nickname or alias, postal address, telephone number, e-mail address, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, medical information, such as insurance policy number or other health insurance information not otherwise covered by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) or Confidentiality of Medical Information Act (CMIA).
Protected Class Information: Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law, e.g. race, national origin, religion, gender, or sexual orientation.
Commercial Information: Information about our services purchased, obtained or considered or other records for business operations.
Internet Or Other Similar Network Activity: Information about your use of the Internet or other similar network activity, such as browsing history, search history, log in/out and activity on our electronic resources
Geolocation Data, such as region or postal code.
Sensory Or Surveillance Data: Recordings of customer service telephone calls and footage from video surveillance cameras.
Professional or Employment-related Information: Current or past job history; education information for employment-related purposes.
Information Specific to Privacy Notice: We also collect information as described in our specific privacy notices.
The purposes for which this information is used are described in the privacy policy above.
In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have not sold any personal information.
Consumer Rights:Unless otherwise stated in a specific privacy notice, California consumers have the following rights:
The right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months.
The right to request a copy of the specific personal information collected about you over the past 12 months.
The right to request that we delete any of the personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. We may deny your request if certain exceptions exist, including: (i) to complete your transaction; (ii) to comply with a legal obligation; (iii) to enable solely internal uses aligned with consumer expectations; or (iv) to detect security incidents, fraudulent or illegal activity.
The right to request that your personal information not be sold to third parties, as applicable.
The right not to be discriminated against because you exercised any of these rights.
To exercise the rights described above, please submit a consumer request to us by contacting us at 844.763.8442 or prospect.ethicspoint.com. Your request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify your identity; and
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly respond to it.
We will use best efforts to respond to a verifiable consumer request within 45 days of its receipt but will advise you in writing if we require an extension. Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding a verifiable consumer request's receipt. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable.
You may only make a verifiable consumer request twice within any 12-month period.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
This website is not intended for children under 13 years of age. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you are under 13, do not use or provide any information on this website. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at the telephone number below.
HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, you may contact us at the following address:
Chief Compliance and Privacy Officer
Prospect Medical Holdings, Inc. 3415 South Sepulveda Boulevard, 9th Floor Los Angeles, CA 90034
You also may contact us at: 844.763.8442 or prospect.ethicspoint.com.
UPDATES TO PRIVACY POLICY
From time to time, we may change this Privacy Policy to accommodate new practices, regulatory requirements or other purposes. We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. If we make changes, we will notify you by updating this site with an updated Privacy Policy. By using the site after changes to the Privacy Policy are posted, 5
you consent to the collection and use of information as detailed here. Any use of our website is subject to our Terms of Use.
Dated: January 1, 2020
Hospitals
Labs/X-Ray
Physicians
Urgent Care