https://www.businessinsider.com/9-terms-that-define-modern-dating-2018-5#1-ghosting-1
Business Insider logo
The words "Business Insider".
Close icon
Two crossed lines that form an 'X'. It indicates a way to close an interaction, or dismiss a notification.
Business
The word Business
Tech
Finance
Strategy
Retail
Executive Lifestyle
Premium
Intelligence
Life
The word Life
Entertainment
Travel
Food
Health
News
The word News
Politics
Military & Defense
Sports
Opinion
All
The word All
A-Z
Advertising
Business Insider
Careers
Coupons
DoorDash
Walmart
Dell
Staples
Under Armour
Culture
Design
Entertainment
Executive Lifestyle
Finance
Food
Health
Intelligence
Latest
Life
Markets Insider
Media
Military & Defense
News
Opinion
People
Personal Finance
Politics
Premium
Retail
Reviews
Science
Sports
Strategy
Tech
Transportation
Travel
TV
Beauty Explorers
Best in Town
Bonkers Closets
Festival Foodies
Movies Insider
Pop Culture Decoded
The Making Of
The Ultimate List
Featured
Better Capitalism
Cities Connected
Insider TV
Master Your Money
Transforming Business
About
About
Advertise
Careers
Contact Us
Corporate
Corrections Policy
Follow
Events
RSS
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube
LinkedIn
Subscriptions
Intelligence
Premium
Account icon
An icon in the shape of a person's head and shoulders. It often indicates a user profile.
Log In
Subscribe
Subscribe
Newsletters
World globe
An icon of the world globe, indicating different international options."
US Edition
US
INTL
Australia
Deutschland & Österreich
España
France
India
Italia
Japan
México
Nederland
Nordic
Polska
South Africa
A leading-edge research firm focused on digital transformation.
See our Research
Facebook Icon
The letter F.
Twitter icon
A stylized bird with an open mouth, tweeting.
LinkedIn icon
The word "in".
YouTube icon
A play button in the shape of a television screen.
Instagram icon
A stylized camera.
* Copyright © 2020. All rights reserved.
Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our
Terms of Service
,
Privacy Policy
and
Cookies Policy.
Sitemap
Disclaimer
Commerce Policy
CA Privacy Rights
Coupons
Made in NYC
Jobs
Stock quotes by
finanzen.net
Reprints & Permissions
Good
Subscriber
Account active
since
Edit my Account
Premium Articles
Upgrade Membership
Email Preferences
My Subscription
FAQs
Logout
DOW
S&P 500
NASDAQ 100
Chevron icon
It indicates an expandable section or menu, or sometimes previous / next navigation options.
HOMEPAGE
Subscribe
Subscribe
Home
Chevron icon
It indicates an expandable section or menu, or sometimes previous / next navigation options.
Executive Lifestyle
9 terms that define modern dating
Natalia Lusinski
2018-05-25T14:33:17Z
Facebook Icon
The letter F.
Email icon
An envelope. It indicates the ability to send an email.
Link icon
An image of a chain link. It symobilizes a website link url.
Twitter icon
A stylized bird with an open mouth, tweeting.
LinkedIn icon
The word "in".
Fliboard icon
A stylized letter F.
More icon
Three evenly spaced dots forming an ellipsis: "...".
Close icon
Two crossed lines that form an 'X'. It indicates a way to close an interaction, or dismiss a notification.
Add these dating terms to your lexicon.
Eugenio Marongiu / Shutterstock
Dating these days comes with its own unique terminology.Ghosting, breadcrumbing, and gaslighting are all relationship phenomena people could run into when trying to find their next partner.Here are 9 terms, from a relationship expert, that define modern dating so you can recognize them when they happen. When it comes to dating, it seems as though new terminology is constantly being introduced. For instance, talk of ghosts used to be limited to Halloween or reality shows, and now “ghosting” is popular year-round — at least when it comes to dating.
To help clarify “ghosting” and other modern dating terms, Business Insider reached out to Antonia Hall, a psychologist, relationship expert, and author. From an etiquette standpoint, Hall filled us in on what’s OK and what’s not in terms of new dating trends.
1. Ghosting
Ghosting is exactly what it sounds like — someone disappears and doesn’t bother to tell the person they’ve been dating.
Halfpoint/Shutterstock
Ghosting is exactly what it sounds like — someone disappears and doesn’t bother to tell the person they’ve been dating. However, are there ever legitimate reasons to ghost? “If you’re just too scared to be honest with the person, it is a very emotionally immature and selfish tactic,” Hall told Business Insider. She also said there are times when ghosting is necessary in order to take care of yourself. “If you’re dating someone who won’t take no for an answer, is emotionally abusive, or makes you feel unsafe, then cutting off all contact can be the best thing to do.”
2. Zombie-ing
FILE PHOTO: A man is seen walking under mannequins at a shopping mall in Beijing
Thomson Reuters
Basically, after being ghosted, the ghost may return one day, as a zombie. The best part? They’ll act like nothing’s happened. “The intention behind someone’s return is the important key to whether or not zombie-ing is OK,” Hall said. “Sometimes, people change and want another chance to make things right, but that should be made clear in their opening recommunication with you.”
3. Caspering
Instead of just disappearing, someone who caspers basically tells the person they’re dating that they’re going to disappear in a nice way.
Jack Frog/Shutterstock
If “ghosting” had a cousin, it would be “caspering,” and the latter is the nicer of the two. Instead of just disappearing, someone who caspers basically tells the person they’re dating that they’re going to disappear in a nice way. “As opposed to ghosting, caspering is a compassionate way to bow out,” Hall said.
4. Breadcrumbing
No one likes to be led on, but that’s what “breadcrumbing” is all about.
wavebreakmedia/Shutterstock
No one likes to be led on, but that’s what “breadcrumbing” is all about — somebody continues to give you hope, dropping crumbs of romantic interest here and there through charming messages or cute emojis. But, is some hope better than no hope? In essence, no. “When dating, it’s important to be honest about your intentions and to communicate them with potential partners,” Hall said. “Don’t play games with another human being — if you’re legitimately overly busy or unready to date, be honest with the person so you’re both on the same page.”
5. Gaslighting
Gaslighting is very emotionally manipulative, incredibly harmful, and never OK.
Antonio Guillem/Shutterstock
If something seems off about your partner’s behavior, listen to your instincts and figure out if they’re gaslighting you — it’s a form of emotional abuse. For instance, they may constantly need to be right and/or tell you that you’re too sensitive. As a result, you may feel crazy, and the cycle continues. “Gaslighting is very emotionally manipulative, incredibly harmful, and never OK to do to anyone, ever,” Hall said.
6. Catch and release
"Catch and release” is "catching” someone, then letting them go for another fish in the sea.
Sam Howzit/Attribution License/Flickr
“Catch and release” is more than just a method of fishing and a movie starring Jennifer Garner. In modern dating, “catch and release” is what you may assume it to be — “catching” someone, then letting them go for another fish in the sea, so to speak. It’s all about the chase. “This is very immature and emotionally shallow behavior that treats the other person like a game,” Hall said. “‘Catch and release’ is disrespectful and never a good dating technique.”
7. Peacocking
People may peacock by showing off their wealth, musical skills, expertise in the kitchen, or level of fitness to prospective partners.
Alan Levine/Attribution License/Flickr
If you’ve ever seen a male peacock try to get a female’s attention, you’ll notice how they show off by displaying their beautiful feathers. Dating-wise, the same thing happens when somebody tries to get a love interest’s attention — they do it by putting on a show of their most attractive qualities. People may peacock by showing off their wealth, musical skills, expertise in the kitchen, or level of fitness to prospective partners. “Peacocking is intrinsic to human nature,” Hall said. “This hardwired technique to garner interest from a perspective partner is usually innocuous, though approaching others honestly is always best.”
8. Mosting
The moster builds a fake sense of intimacy and connection through flattery.
Rodel Bontes/Attribution License/Flickr
In mosting, someone comes on very strong with compliments — convincingly strong — and then ghosts. “Mosting is a new term for an old manipulative dating tactic,” Hall said. “The moster builds a fake sense of intimacy and connection through flattery and phrases such as ‘I’ve been waiting for you my whole life’ and ‘You must be my soul mate’ — with the least amount of personal emotional involvement necessary.”
9. Micro-cheating
If you're hiding things from your significant other, then you may be micro-cheating on them.
Ana Blazic Pavlovic/Shutterstock
If you are hiding things from your significant other — like the fact that you and your ex message each other a lot — you may be micro-cheating on them. While you are not having a blown-out affair, your small, secretive actions may actually be micro-cheating, according to dating expert Melanie Schilling. “It’s important to be honest about what you’re getting from the ‘micro-cheating’ exchanges and why,” Hall said. “The need to continually seek attention from outside of your relationship is not healthy and can be hurtful to your partner, as well as take a toll on the relationship.”
Newsletter
A roundup of uplifting stories about everyday heroes. Sign up for Insider Life.
Loading
Something is loading.
Email address
By clicking ‘Sign up’, you agree to receive marketing emails from Business Insider
as well as other partner offers and accept our
Terms of Service and
Privacy Policy.
SEE ALSO:
The best way to find love in the modern world may be to approach dating like dieting
More:
Features
BI-freelancer
BIStrategy
Dating
Ghosting
Modern Dating
Relationships
Date
Relationship
Love
Chevron icon
It indicates an expandable section or menu, or sometimes previous / next navigation options.
Close icon
Two crossed lines that form an 'X'. It indicates a way to close an interaction, or dismiss a notification.