https://www.lawmanbadge.com/usage-policy/
Home
About Us
Usage Policy
Usage Policy
General Information
PLEASE READ AND REVIEW THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS website. By using this website, you agree to these terms and conditions. If you do not agree, please exit and disregard the information contained herein.
This site contains material about Lawman Badge Company and its various products that may be of interest to Lawman Badge Company employees, customers and shareholders, as well as to members of the Internet community and the general public. Please feel free to browse this website. Your access and use of the information contained herein is subject to the following terms and conditions and all applicable laws. By accessing and browsing this website, you accept, without limitation or qualification, these terms and conditions and acknowledge that they supersede any other agreement between you and Lawman Badge Company.
Lawman Badge Company maintains this website for your personal use. This website and its contents are intended to comply with the laws and regulations of the United States. While you can access this website from outside the United States, our server is located within the United States, and the website is intended to be used by residents located in the United States, any of it's territories or it's allies.
Copyright And Restriction On Use Of Material (Noncommercial Use)
This Web site and its content is copyright of Lawman Badge Company - © Lawman Badge Company 2009. All rights reserved.
Any redistribution or reproduction of part or all of the contents in any form is prohibited other than the following:
you may print or download to a local hard disk extracts for your personal and non-commercial use only
you may copy the content to individual third parties for their personal use, but only if you acknowledge the Web site as the source of the material
You may not, except with our express written permission, distribute or commercially exploit the content. Nor may you transmit it or store it in any other Web site or other form of electronic retrieval system.
Limitation of Liability
Lawman Badge Company will use reasonable efforts to include accurate, complete and up-to-date information on this website, but Lawman Badge Company makes no warranties or representations as to its accuracy, completeness or frequency that it is updated. All users agree that access to this website is at their own risk, and that neither Lawman Badge Company nor any party involved in creating or delivering this web site shall be liable for damages of any kind, including without limitation, any special, direct or indirect, incidental, or consequential or punitive damages (even if Lawman Badge Company has been advised of the possibility of such damages) arising out of access to, or use of the information contained on this website, or any errors or omissions, misprints, out-of-date information, technical or pricing inaccuracies, typographical or other errors appearing on this website. This limitation includes damages to, or for any viruses that may infect, your computer equipment.
Disclaimer
Information and related materials are subject to change without notice. This website, and all information and related materials it contains, are provided "as is." Lawman Badge Company makes no representation or warranty whatsoever regarding the completeness, accuracy, up-to-dateness, or adequacy of, or the suitability, functionality, availability, or operation of this website or the information or materials it contains. By using this website, you assume the risk that the information and materials on this website may be incomplete, inaccurate, out of date, or may not meet your needs and requirements. Lawman Badge Company specifically disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including without limitation, the warranties or merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement with respect to this website and information, graphics and materials contained herein.
Links to Other websites
This website may contain links to, or be accessed from links on, other world wide websites. Lawman Badge Company does not have responsibility for, or control of, the contents, availability, operation or performance of other websites to which this website may be linked or from which this website may be accessed. Lawman Badge Company makes no representation regarding the content of any other websites which you may access from this website.
Concerning Your Privacy
Access to this website may be monitored by Lawman Badge Company If monitored, the requesting URLs, the machine originating the request, and the time of the request, are logged for access statistics and security purposes. Your use and access of this website constitutes your consent to such general monitoring. Please see Lawman Badge Company Privacy Policy for details on how information from the website may be gathered and used.
Trademarks
All trademarks, logos and service marks appearing in this website, and as designated with either a trademark symbol or type form that is different from the surrounding text, are trademarks owned by or licensed to Lawman Badge Company its subsidiaries or affiliates. Notwithstanding this disclaimer, all other names and marks mentioned in this website are the trade names, trademarks or service marks of their respective owners.
No License
Nothing in this website shall be construed as conferring by implication, estoppel or otherwise, any license or right to use in any form or manner any patent, copyright or trademark of Lawman Badge Company. Please be advised that Lawman Badge Company protects its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law.
Submissions (Information To Lawman Badge Company)
The submission of any unsolicited information, such as questions, comments, or suggestions, to Lawman Badge Company, either through this website or by any other means of communication, shall NOT be considered confidential. Lawman Badge Company shall have no obligation to you of any kind with respect to such information. By submitting any information to Lawman Badge Company, you understand that Lawman Badge Company shall be free to reproduce, use, disclose, display, exhibit, transmit, perform, create derivative works, and distribute the information to others without limitation, and to authorize others to do the same. In addition, Lawman Badge Company shall be free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in such information for any purpose whatsoever, including but not limited to, developing, manufacturing and marketing products and other items incorporating such ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques.
Other
This agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with laws of the State of California, United States of America, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law. If any provision of this agreement is held to be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be eliminated or limited to the minimum extent necessary and such elimination or limitation shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. This is the entire agreement between the parties relating to the subject matter herein and you agree to indemnify Lawman Badge Company for any claims or damages resulting from your failure to abide by these terms and conditions.
The Lawman Badge Company website may be unavailable from time to time due to mechanical, telecommunication, software, hardware and third-party vendor failures, updating or construction. Lawman Badge Company cannot predict or control when such downtime may occur and cannot control the duration of such downtime.
Lawman Badge Company reserves the right to alter or delete material from this website at any time.
Lawman Badge Company may, at any time, revise these website Usage Terms by updating this posting. You are bound by any such revisions and should, therefore, periodically review these terms to review the then current Usage Terms.
There are no products listed under this category.
×