http://www.zeetags.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy & Terms of Use
Zee Tags is committed to the protection of your privacy and any personal information collected through marketing activities, over the phone through our customer service department and over the internet through our website.
This document details how we collect and handle your personal information. This document applies to all the information that is collected or submitted on the Zee Tags web site for New Zealand (www.zeetags.co.nz), Australia (www.zeetags.com.au) and our global site (www.zeetags.com).
Collection
We will collect certain personal information from you via:
Customer surveys
Email
Mail
Our website
Trade shows, field days and other event where you register your interest with us
The personal information that we collect may include:
Name
Address
Email address
Contact number
Supplier where you purchase Zee Tags products from
Other type of information from time to time
Collection using this web site
When you use this web site, Zee Tags collects personal information which you provide directly to us (for example, in registering or filling out an order form)  or when you  submit and enquiry to us.
How we use the information
The information we collect from you will be only used to:
Provide the products and services you are requesting from us
Respond to enquiries submitted by you
To improve our website, products and services
To send periodically emails. Please note that you can unsubscribe from receiving further email at the bottom of each email by following the “unsubscribe” link
To administer a promotion or survey
Internal research
Other uses may be performed from time to time to perform the functions of our business
We also use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our web site.
Disclosure
Your information will only be used for the purpose for which it was collected. We will communicate or share your information with a third party only if it is required in order to complete the main purpose for which it was collected. For example, we will need to share your contact details, name, address, email address with “your retailer of choice” when you use the online facility to place and order with us.
Your information will not be sold, exchanged, transferred or given to another company without your consent.
Links to other web sites
Zee Tags may provide links to web sites not operated by Zee Tags. These linked sites are not under the control of Zee Tags, and we are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of companies linked to our web site. Before disclosing your personal information on any other web site, we advise you to examine the privacy policies of those web sites.
Cookies
Cookies are pieces of information that a web site transfers to your computer's hard disk for record keeping purposes. Cookies are widely used on most major websites. Most web browsers are set to accept cookies. Our site uses cookies to keep track of what you have ordered via our online facility. We may also cookies to save your password so you do not have to re-enter it each time you visit this web site (distributor log on), and for other purposes relating to your transactions on this web site.
Overall, cookies help us to provide you with a better website by enabling us to monitor which pages you and others find useful and which ones you don’t. A cookie does not give us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you share with us.
If you do not wish to receive any cookies you may set your browser to refuse cookies. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it.