http://www.tobinphoto.com/privacy-policy.php
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: November 30, 2018
TobinPhoto.com ("us", "we" or "our") operates this website using the top level domain name "tobinphoto.com", which is hereafter referred to as "Site".
We are committed to protecting your privacy and have implemented this policy ("Privacy Policy" or "This Policy") and other internal policies and practices to keep your personal and financial information secure. This Policy discloses the privacy practices for our Site and applies solely to information collected by this Site.
By using this Site, you consent to the collection and use of information in accordance with This Policy. Unless otherwise defined, the terms used in This Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms of Use.
Information We Collect
Personal Information: We collect personally identifiable information (collectively "Personal Information") when required to order products, respond to requests, register for an account or submit a review. Personal Information may include but is not limited to name and contact data (such as address, city, state, zip code, phone number, and email address). Anyone under the age of thirteen (13) is prohibited from providing Personal Information to this Site.
Minors: Anyone who does not have the legal rights of an adult is hereafter referred to as a "Minor". Minors under the age of thirteen (13) are strictly prohibited from providing Personal Information to this Site. Minors that are age thirteen (13) or older may provide Personal Information this Site only under the supervision of a parent or legal guardian and in accordance to our Terms of Use.
Traffic Data: We may collect a variety of visitor data (collectively "Traffic Data") such as: browser type and version; date and time stamps; Internet service provider (ISP) information; Internet Protocol (IP) address; operating system; referring URL; referring search terms; and pages visited on this Site. We do not collect personally identifiable information in Traffic Data.
Payment Information
Debit and credit card numbers, expiration dates, verification codes (collectively "Card Data") and associated Personal Information are processed by certified Level 1 PCI-compliant service provider (Stripe) via an Application Programming Interface (API). Card Data completely bypasses our servers and is never read or stored by us. You can review Stripe's privacy policy at https://stripe.com/us/privacy.
Information and Data Usage
Personal Information: Your Personal Information is used to contact you or facilitate services that you request. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone, and we will not share it with any third party except when necessary to fulfill your request (such as sending mail) or render Site-related services (such as account or database administration). Third parties may use your Personal Information only to perform tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Traffic Data: We generally use Traffic Data to improve and optimize our Site (such as generating analytics about how visitors browse and interact with the Site and to assess the success of our marketing and advertising campaigns). It is also used to enhance Site security by detecting and screening potential risks or fraud.
Cookies
We set and read cookies, which are small data files placed on your device or computer and often includes an anonymous unique identifier. We use cookies to store small amounts of Traffic Data and to facilitate various features on our Site. We never send, store or collect Personal Information using cookies. You can instruct your browser to refuse cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Site. Learn more about cookies by visiting AllAboutCookies.org.
Data Security
All interactions with our Site are encrypted utilizing Transport Layer Security (TLS), which is the current successor to Secure Sockets Layer (SSL). Server-side and programed security measures are also employed to further enhance security of our Site and to identify and/or block suspicious activity.
Compliance with Law
We may disclose your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.
Third Party Features
This Site may incorporate features such as social media widgets, API's, iFrames and interactive mini-programs that are hosted by a third party. Companies that provide these features may set a cookie to enable functionality and/or collect and use Traffic Data. Your interactions with these features are governed by the provider's policies.
Links to Other Websites
Our Site may include links to websites that are not operated by us. We have no control of, and are not responsible for, the content or privacy practices of other sites. It is your responsibility to review the policies of those websites to confirm your understanding and agreement.
Your Options
Personal Information: If you have registered with us, you can correct inaccuracies, update or delete your Personal Information by logging into your account. You may also contact us to request changes, which requires us to take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting your request.
Emailings: You can opt out of periodic or promotional emailings by: (1) using the "Unsubscribe" link provided in the email message; (2) using the respective form input field(s) located in your account settings; or (3) contacting us.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy to reflect changes to our practices, correct errors or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons. It is your responsibility to review this page periodically for any changes. Our Privacy Policy was last updated November 30, 2018 12:00 AM Greenwich Mean Time (GMT).
Latest Photos
View All
Visit TobinPhoto.com on Facebook