https://www.theartfile.com/privacy
Subscribe to our newsletter
Home
Shop
Greeting Cards
Photo Albums & Address and Birthday Books
Christmas
Face Coverings
About Us
Exhibition dates
International Customers
News
Contact Us
Trade Area
Login
Trade Registration
Search
Subscribe to our newsletter
(0)
Keywords
Privacy
The Art File is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This is the privacy policy for www.theartfile.com
By using the Website, you consent to the collection, use and transfer of your information under the terms of this policy.
Who has access to your information?
The Company has access to your information. For the purpose of the new GDPR compliance laws which will be introduced on the 25th May 2018. The Company is the data controller and the Company’s address is available here. The Company owns the data that it collects on the site. The Company also uses contractors to service the site or to fulfil orders from customers. Where these contractors require access to personal information, the Company tries to seek assurances that they comply with the DPA and that your information will be kept confidential. They will not use your information except to fulfil their obligations to the Company, and will not use it except in line with this privacy notice.
The Company may have to disclose information about customers to the Company’s professional advisers to obtain professional advice.
The Company will not disclose your information to anyone else, unless we are legally obliged to by HMRC, the government, or any other institutional body we deem fit.
Consent
By consenting to this privacy notice, you are giving us permission to process your personal data specifically for the purposes identified below:
-For processing and generating Leads from Trade shows, through our website, or over the phone/post
-For processing orders, and using your information to set up a trade account where applicable both online and on our secure servers .
-For the use of marketing/promotional campaigns.
You may withdraw the consent at any time by sending an email to sales@theartfile.com , stating your name, company details and or any other information, as in line with the Withdrawal of Consent procedure within the parameters of the GDPR documentation.
Location of data
The data that the Company collects from you is stored within the European Union. And is in compliance with the new GDPR laws, coming into effect from 25rd May 2018.
Information the Company collects and uses
The Company collects and processes the following data about you:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on this website. This includes information provided at the time of registering with the Company, ordering products, posting material or requesting information or further services. The Company may also ask you for information when you enter a competition or promotion sponsored by the Company and if you report a problem with the Website.
If you contact the Company, the Company may keep a record of that correspondence.
Details of your visits to the Website including traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data.
IP addresses
The Company may collect information about your computer, including your IP address, operating system and browser type. The Company uses this for Website administration. This is statistical data about the Company’s users' browsing actions and patterns, and does not identify you.
Cookies
Please read our cookies policy. https://www.theartfile.com/cookies
Data & password security
All data you provide to the Company is stored on the Company’s secure servers. Any payment transactions will be encrypted. Once the Company has received data from you, the Company uses certain procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
Where you have a password, you are responsible for keeping the password confidential. Do not share the password with anyone.
Sending information on the internet is not completely secure. Although the Company does its best to protect your personal data, the Company cannot guarantee the security of the data transmitted to the Website. Any transmission is at your own risk. Unless the Company has been negligent the Company is not liable for any loss arising from a breach of security.
Choice – receiving marketing emails
You can choose to receive promotional and marketing emails from the Company. You can do this by choosing to opt in to our newsletter on either forms on the web site. You can choose not to receive these emails later by choosing to unsubscribe from any received newsletters.
Other websites
This site contains links to other sites. The Company is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. However, The Art File have taken necessary steps to ensure that the data is protecting within the new GDPR laws , notably Article 32 and 31, clause A.
Changes to privacy policy
The Company occasionally changes this privacy policy. You should therefore look at the policy regularly so you are up to date and aware of the current policy.
The Art File are proud sponsors of
Let's get social:
Delivery
Terms
Privacy
Cookies
Site Map
Web Design
©2020 The Art File. All rights reserved.
Back to top