https://www.ares-conference.eu/data-privacy-notice/
This website is operated by SBA Research gGmbH, Floragasse 7, 1040 Vienna, as responsible party (“we” or “us”). This notice describes how we process your personal data in connection with this website and the services built on it.
1.1 Which of your data is collected and processed
When you visit our website, we collect the following information, which is automatically transmitted from your computer to the page you have visited:
IP address
date and time of the request
Content of the request (specific page)
Access status/HTTP status code
the amount of data transferred in each case
Website from which the request comes
There is no obligation to actually provide the data we ask you to provide on our site. If you decide not to do so, for example by using adblockers or plugins such as NoScript or uMatrix, certain functions may not be fully available for technical reasons.
1.2 Cookies
When you visit our website, “cookies” are stored on your device. These are small text files that store certain settings and data for exchange with our system via your browser. A cookie contains the name of the domain from which the cookie-data was sent, as well as information about the age of the cookie and a cookie ID. Cookies help us to improve our website and to offer you optimised services.
In the so-called session cookies used by us, only the data explained above about your use of the website is temporarily stored. This allows your computer to be recognized when you return to our website. Session cookies are deleted when you close your browser or leave the website.
In addition, permanent cookies are used, which are stored on your computer until you delete them manually. Such cookies enable us to recognize your terminal device, with which you have already visited our website, and a non-personal analysis of the use of our website.
Under no circumstances can cookies retrieve, modify or delete data on your computer.
If you want to control the cookie settings on your computer, you can select your browser settings so that you receive a notification when a website wants to store cookies. You can also completely block cookies or delete them if they have already been stored on your computer. If you want to know more about it, call the “Help” function in your browser.
Please note that the use of our website can be impaired by restricting cookies.
1.3 Integration of third-party technologies
Our websites incorporate third-party technologies, services or libraries, in particular Twitter, jQuery.com and Google, in order to optimise loading speeds and page presentation. This involves calling up resources from these providers from external servers (and thus also transferring data such as the IP address), which may be located outside the European Union. We have no influence on the data collected and data processing processes, nor are we aware of the full extent of data collection, the purposes and the storage periods. Further information on the purpose and scope of data collection and its processing by these third parties can be found in the respective data protection declarations of these providers. There you will also find further information on your rights and options for protecting your privacy.
1.4 Purposes of data processing
Personal data are processed for the following purposes:
To make the website available
To further develop the website technically and improve its content
To detect, prevent and scan attacks or malware
To fulfil the purpose intended when you enter your data in the fields provided, such as registering for a newsletter
When registering for an event or conference, we may collect more data in order to process the booking and registration process in accordance with the contract.
Personal data which you have voluntarily provided to us in connection with the use of our websites or which you have provided in another context are used for the specific purpose of providing the respective service.
These data are stored for the duration of use or participation in the event, unless their storage is required by law, for the purpose of fulfilling a contractual obligation or for asserting or defending legal claims.
Registration and Event Participation
In order to register for the events organized by us, we process your contact data, which you provide us in the registration form for the purpose of participant management, hotel booking, provision of transport and shuttle service, cate-ring and other activities required in the course of event organization. Your personal data will only be processed to the extent that is absolutely necessary to fulfil the respective purpose (e.g. the reservation of a seat in a restaurant by name). We also pass on your data to our partners only to fulfil the purpose on which the processing is based.
1.5 Legal basis for the processing of your data
The legal basis for the processing of your personal data within the framework of our website is our predominant legitimate interest as operator and responsible for our websites, which consists in achieving the above-mentioned purposes.
When registering and registering for one of our events, we process your data to fulfil the contract and within the framework of pre-contractual measures.
1.6 Disclosure of personally identifiable information
For the above-mentioned purposes, we transmit your personal data to the following recipients:
hosting provider (ALL-INKL)
provider of technologies (“plug-ins”)
The University of Vienna as cooperation partners for the organisation of the “ARES” event
Some of the recipients mentioned above are outside the country in which you are or from which you accessed the website. The level of data protection in other countries may not be the same as in your country. We only transfer personal data to countries for which the EU Commission has decided that they have an adequate level of data protection or we implement measures to ensure that all recipients have an adequate level of data protection. These are available on request.
1.7 Duration of storage
We store your data as long as there is a legal basis for this. Longer storage only takes place where this is necessary to investigate an attack on the web pages. Our hosting provider stores the data about access to our hosted site in accordance with its privacy policy.
If you register for an event or congress, we will keep your data for as long as there is a legal obligation to do so.
1.8 Your rights in connection with the processing of your personal data
You are entitled to do so under applicable law,
to check whether and which personal data we have stored about you.
to request the rectification or integration if your data is incorrect, or
Deletion if they are not processed in accordance with the law.
to require us to limit processing
to object to the processing under certain circumstances.
To require data transferability.
to revoke the consent for processing.
You also have the right to complain to the Austrian data protection authority if you believe that one of the rights mentioned here has been infringed.
1.9 Accountable entity and contact
If you have any questions or concerns regarding the processing of your personal data, please contact us by post or e-mail:
SBA Research gGmbH
Floragasse 7
1040 Wien
datenschutz@sba-research.org
Follow us! Tweets by @ARES_Conference
ARES Conference
ARES Conference
Conference 2021
Committee Back
Call for Papers 2021Authors Area
SubmissionSoK Papers @ ARESImportant Dates Back
WorkshopsCall for EU Projects WorkshopsCall for SponsorsArchive
Previous ConferencesPrevious Keynotes Back
CD-MAKEContact
Call for Hosting Back
× Close Panel
By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. more information AcceptThe cookie settings on this website are set to "allow cookies" to give you the best browsing experience possible. If you continue to use this website without changing your cookie settings or you click "Accept" below then you are consenting to this.Close