http://www.digitas.com/en-us/privacy
Work
Services
News
In The News
POVs
Press Releases
People
Careers
Offices
LET'S CONNECT
In The News
Press Releases
Media Kit
Contact Us
PRIVACY
TERMOFUSE
LinkedIn
Twitter
Facebook
Instagram
Search
search
GO BACK
Privacy Statement
Overview
Thank you for visiting the Digitas Website ("Website"), owned and operated by Digitas ("Digitas," "we," "us," "our," or other similar pronouns). Your privacy is a serious matter to us and we have created this Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") to inform you of how we collect, use, share, and secure your Personal Data. By accessing or using the Website, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
All Personal Data collected through the Website will be treated as strictly confidential and will only be used as set out in this Privacy Policy. The applicable data protection laws shall be respected in full. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into, and part of, the Digitas Terms of Use, which governs your use of the Website in general.
Please read this Privacy Policy thoroughly. If you disagree with the way Personal Data will be used, please do not use the Website. If you have any questions about Digitas’ collection of your data, please contact the Publicis Chief Data Privacy Officer on privacyofficer@publicisgroupe.com.
Guide to contents
Purpose of data collection
What Personal Data do we collect and process?
What legal grounds do we rely on?
How do we share your information?
A special note about minors
Viewing, editing, updating or deletion of your Personal Data
Data security
Data transfers
Cookies and other tracking technologies
Do not track
Third-party Websites, content and resources
Privacy Policy updates
Purpose of data collection
The main purposes of collecting Personal Data through this Website is:
To provide the features and functionality of the Website to you.
To consider your candidacy for employment.
To identify you as the sender of, and to process, your emails.
To respond to questions and comments.
To improve, enhance, and tailor the Website for you, and to improve and enhance the overall Website experience for all of the Website users.
To carry out specific actions you may request.
For account validation purposes.
For analytics and trending purposes.
Additionally, individuals who voluntarily register on our mailing list, receive our monthly email, Crib Sheet, along with information about upcoming events.
What Personal Data do we collect and process?
Personal Data means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (i.e. living individual).
We collect the following Personal Data through the Website:
Information You Provide to Us. When you use our Website, including when you create an account in our Careers section or submit a CV to us, or when you ask a question through the Website, you may provide us with information that identifies you or your contacts (“personal information”), such as:
Your full name, address, email address, other information that may identify you as an individual.
Your CV, which may include your employment history and other relevant information.
Any personal information you submit to us in any forums, chats or blogs.
The email addresses of your friends and family members should you choose to send any of the content on our Website to your contacts through our “Email to a Friend” feature.
Information We Collect from You Automatically. When you use the Website, we may also collect information about your use of the Website and the device used to access the Website that relates to you, but on its own does not identify you (“non-personal information”) such as your:
IP address and country location.
Browser information (including browser type, capabilities, and language).
Operating system.
Date and time you accessed the Website.
Website usage information, including the paths taken as you move from one website or webpage to another website or webpage (i.e., your "click stream" activity).
To the extent Digitas associates your personal information with non-personal information within our database, we will treat all the associated information as personal information under this Privacy Policy.
What legal grounds do we rely on?
When we obtain Personal Data through a consent form, the legal ground is consent. Otherwise, we rely on legitimate interest.
How do we share your information?
Digitas may share your personal information in connection with:
Operation of the Website: We disclose your personal information to third parties where necessary to provide the Website and its features and functionality to you.
Your requests: We disclose your personal information to a third party whenever you request us to do so.
Business transfers: If a third party acquires all or substantially all of Digitas' assets, your personal information, and any other information that we have collected in connection with the Website may be transferred to such third party as part of our business assets. Also, if any bankruptcy or reorganisation proceeding is brought by or against us, all such information may be considered one of our assets and may be sold or transferred to third parties.
Legal purposes and protection of Digitas and others: We reserve the right to share your personal information with third parties if required to do so by law, or if we believe such action is necessary in order to: (1) conform to the requirements of the law or comply with legal process served upon us; (2) protect or defend our legal rights or property, the Website, or our users; or (3) investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, or violations of the Digitas Terms of Use.
Service providers: We use third-party service providers, including but not limited to our affiliates, to perform certain services on our behalf, such as processing, storing, maintaining and transmitting data, processing and fulfilling email and other promotional campaigns, and providing marketing assistance, web analytics, and data analysis. We may provide your personal information to these third-party service providers when the information is necessary for them to perform their duties. These third-party service providers are contractually restricted from using your information for any other purpose and required to comply with all applicable laws with respect to the information they receive.
Government agencies: We will disclose your personal information to third parties if required to do so by law.
As otherwise permitted by law. We may disclose your personal information to third parties as otherwise permitted by applicable law. We may share your non-personal information and your aggregated personal information with our existing or potential business partners, sponsors, and advertisers in order to describe the use of the Website by our users.
We may also group demographic information that we collect from the Website users into aggregate data for the same purposes. We reserve the right to use and share any such non-personal information collected at the Website with third parties for any lawful purpose.
We will not disclose your Personal Data to anyone else under any circumstances
except as otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy, to successors in title to our business, to establish, exercise or defend our rights, or where required by law.
A special note about minors
The Website is intended for use only by persons who are at least 18 years of age and who are fully able and competent to enter into and be legally bound by this Privacy Policy. Accordingly, we do not intend to collect personal information from anyone whom we know to be under 13 years of age.
Viewing, editing, updating or deletion of your Personal Data
Please contact privacyofficer@publicisgroupe.com if you want to see any Personal Data stored about you in our records. We will honour your legal right to view your Personal Data in accordance with applicable privacy law. If you think that any of the Personal Data collected through the Website is incorrect, confusing or incomplete, please contact privacyofficer@publicisgroupe.com.
You may also ask us to erase, restrict or port your Personal Data and you may tell us if you object to our use of your Personal Data.
Personal Data will be stored by us in accordance with our applicable data
retention requirements and corporate policies.
Data security
We use a variety of methods, such as firewalls, intrusion detection software and manual security procedures, to secure your data against loss or damage and to help protect the accuracy and security of Personal Data and to prevent unauthorised access or improper use.
However, due to the inherent nature of the Internet as an open global communications vehicle, we cannot guarantee that information, during transmission through the Internet or while stored on our system or otherwise in our care, will be absolutely safe from intrusion by others, such as hackers. We will have no liability for disclosure of your information due to errors or unauthorised acts of third parties during or after transmission. personal information.
If you think that the Website or any Personal Data is not secure or that there
has been unauthorised access to the Website or your Personal Data, please
contact privacyofficer@publicisgroupe.com immediately.
Data transfers
Your Personal Data is transferred to the US which is not considered to have the same level of data protection as in the EU. However, we ensure all data transfers comply with applicable legal requirements (under intercompany agreements with appropriate contractual protections). Should you wish to know more about how data is protected or wish to request a copy of the contractual protections please contact privacyofficer@publicisgroupe.com.
Cookies and other tracking technologies
Cookies. A cookie is a small file which is placed on your computer's hard drive. If you choose to accept cookies (see below), the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences. We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system. Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better Website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not.
Server session "ASP.NET_SessionId": This is a cookie that ASP.NET uses to store a unique identifier for your session. The session cookie is not persisted on your hard disk. This cookie is deleted when you close your browser.
Google Analytics "_ga" and "_gat_UA-41461871-1": Google Analytics uses cookies to measure user-interactions on Websites. See: https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/collection/analyticsjs/cookie-usage
Hotjar "_hjIncludedInSample": This session cookie is set to let Hotjar know whether that visitor is included in the sample which is used to generate funnels. See: https://www.hotjar.com/cookies
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the Website.
Web beacon. A Web beacon is an electronic image, also called a single-pixel or clear GIF, placed in the code of a webpage or in emails. The Website uses Web beacons to track traffic patterns of users as they navigate from one page to another. This information lets us tune and improve our users' browsing experience. We also use Web beacons through a third-party Website analytics provider, as well as standard Web server log files, to help us count visitors and evaluate the Website's technical capacity. This information tells us how many people visit the Website, and helps us decide how to arrange pages in the most user-friendly way. This also helps us keep the Website browser-friendly and more useful to our users.
Do not track
Digitas does not currently take actions to respond to Do Not Track signals because a uniform technological standard has not yet been developed. We continue to review new technologies and may adopt a standard once one is created.
Third-party Websites, content and resources
Please be aware that when you are using the Website, you could be directed via links or other means to third-party Websites, content, and resources that are not affiliated with the Website. These third-party Websites, content, and resources may send their own cookies to visitors, collect data, or solicit and use your personal information in ways different than set forth in this Privacy Policy. The privacy policies of these third-party Websites, content, and resources may be very different from this Privacy Policy. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of the providers of these other Websites, content, and resources and cannot guarantee the security of any of your personal information collected, used, or shared there.
Notification of changes
Should we wish to change this Privacy Policy, if you have already provided Personal Data through this Website we will contact you to inform you of the new Privacy
Policy and, in some circumstances, we may need to obtain your consent to the changes. In other circumstances, any such changes to this Privacy Policy will be promptly communicated on this page and you should check back to see whether there are any changes. Continued use of the Website after a change in the Privacy Policy indicates your acknowledgement and acceptance of the use of Personal Data in accordance with the amended Privacy Policy. If you wish to save this text, please mark the entire statement (e.g. with your mouse) and copypaste by pushing ctrl-c.
Updated: 25th May 2018
Like what you see?
Have questions? Thoughts? Requests?
LET'S CONNECT
Like what you see?
Have questions? Thoughts? Requests?
LET'S CONNECT
Make a Connection
New Business Michelle Tang, EVP Head of New Businessmichelletang@digitas.com
.
Media InquiriesBarbara Nonas, VP/GD Marketing & Communicationscommunications@digitas.com
Cookies Control
We have placed cookies on your device to help make this website better.
Read our full privacy policy in the link below or close this window to continue.
View Cookie Policy