https://www.rxrelief.com/privacy-policy/
skip to main content
Employers
Specialty Areas
Our Services
Hiring FAQs
Hire Rx relief
Client Referral
About
Why Rx relief?
Press Room
Awards and Recognition
Associations
Contact
Blog
Search Jobs
Your Privacy Rights: PrideStaff, Inc. Privacy Policy
CCPA Privacy Policy (CA residents)
Privacy Notice at Collection (CA residents)
Our Commitment to Privacy
PrideStaff, Inc.® (“PrideStaff,” “we,” “us” or “our”) respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal information. PrideStaff provides an innovative job seeking solution through which we connect interested people with potential employers. As part of this process, PrideStaff, along with its divisions geared toward placements in specific industries—PrideStaff Financial®, Rx relief®, and Insurance Relief™ (collectively “PrideStaff”)—collects information, including personal information, from people who apply for jobs (“job candidates”) and from prospective employers (“employers” or “clients”) and potential PrideStaff franchisees. In this Privacy Policy (“Policy”), we describe the information that we collect through our websites pridestaff.com, pridestafffinancial.com, rxrelief.com and insurance-relief.com) (collectively “Sites”) and our mobile applications (the “Apps”). This Policy incorporates by reference the Terms of Use for PrideStaff’s Sites and services, which can be found at http://pridestaff.com/terms-of-use. In this Policy, we describe the information that we collect about you, including information collected through our Sites, Apps, and offline (e.g., through paper applications, surveys, or other offline data collection); how we use, disclose, and share your information; and how we protect your information. This Policy applies to all visitors to our Sites, users of our Apps and users of our services, including viewers and users of our Sites and Apps, job candidates, employees, and employers (including prospective employers). Unless we distinguish among job candidates, employees, employers, and other visitors to or users of our Sites and Apps, the practices described herein apply to all visitors to our Sites and users of our Apps.
Information We Collect
We may collect information about you from a variety of sources, including information we collect from you directly when you apply for a job or post an open position; information we collect about you when you visit our Sites or use our Apps, use our services, view our online advertisements; and information we collect about you from other sources, such as third-party partners, data providers (such as identity and background check services), and affiliates (where permitted by law).
Information We Collect Directly From Job Candidates
We collect information directly from you, including personal information, when you visit our Sites or use our Apps, apply for a job through our online product, register for an email subscription, create an account on our Sites, update your profile on your account, request information from us, or choose to complete our surveys or questionnaires (either online or paper). We may collect this information from you at different phases of the employment search process; in other words, you may submit certain limited information when you create an account with us; additional information to apply for a position; and if hired, you may submit additional information. Specifically, when you register with one of our Sites or our Apps, we will collect your name, email address, and mailing address. We also will request that you create a username and password. If you would like to apply for a job through one of our Sites, we may ask you to complete a questionnaire regarding your qualifications. You also may have the option of posting a resume. The type of information that we request from you may depend on the Site and the job at issue, but may include, where permitted by law:
Name, email address, and postal address
Date of birth
Phone number and/or mobile number
Facsimile number
Company name, job title, company website
Driver’s license number
Social security number
Ethnic origin
Skills
Interests
Products/services in which you have expressed an interest
Biographical information, such as employment history, educational history, or any other information that you choose to submit to us
Information that may be contained in a resume that you choose to voluntarily submit to us
Information related to any prior convictions
Additional information requested by a potential employer
We collect only the personal information from you that you chose to provide to us. If you chose not to provide certain information, however, then we may be unable to provide you with all of the features of our online product, such as applying for jobs. In addition, if we (or the prospective employer) accepts your application, then we may request additional information from you so that we can conduct a background check or determine employer tax credit eligibility, as required or permitted by law.
Information We Collect Directly From Employers
We collect information directly from you, including personal information, when you visit our Sites, post an open position, create an account on our Sites, update your profile on your account, request information from us, or choose to complete our surveys or questionnaires (either online or paper). The following are examples of information that we may collect from you:
Name, email address, and postal address of contact person
Username and password
Date of birth
Phone number and/or mobile number
Facsimile number
Company name, job title, company website
Open positions within your company
Bank and/or financial information, such as information necessary to complete a credit application or submit payment for invoices
Information We Collect Automatically When You Visit Our Sites or Use Our Apps
We may use cookies, web beacons, automated devices, and other technologies to collect information about you when you visit our Sites, including: your browser type and operating system; web pages you view; links you click; your IP address; your interaction with the Sites; length of time you are logged into our Sites; and websites visited before our Sites. We also automatically collect the following information about your use of the Apps: mobile device ID and IP address; location and language information; device name and model; operating system type, name, and version; your activities within an App; and the length of time that you are logged into our Apps. Please see the section “What About Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies” below for more information about our use of tracking devices. We may use the information we automatically gather in anonymous or aggregated form to analyze ways to improve our Sites, Apps or services. This information also is associated with your username and may be combined with other information, including personal information that we collect about you. If you view our Sites from a mobile device or use our Apps, with your permission we also may collect your location information for the purpose of providing you with localized search results, to provide you directions to your job site, to inform a client that you may arrive late to an assignment, and for timekeeping purposes. You may turn off location-enabled feature through the location settings on your mobile device.
Information We Collect From Other Sources
We may obtain information about you, either individually or in the aggregate, from other sources, such as third-party partners, affiliates, our clients and job applicants, and social networks, including, but not limited to, the following:
Name, email address, postal address
Date of birth
Company name
Usage patterns regarding visitors to our Sites
As a job candidate, you may also may provide us with your information by connecting your LinkedIn account to your Site or App profile. If you connect your LinkedIn account, you will be asked to enter your LinkedIn login credentials and we will ask that you grant us permission to collect information from your LinkedIn account, including your name and contact information, education background, and work history. If you allow us to have access to this information, then we will have access to this information even if you have chosen not to make that information public through your LinkedIn settings. Any third party social networking site controls the information it collects from you. For information about they may use and disclose your information, including any information you make public, please consult their respective privacy policies. We have no control over how any third-party site uses or discloses the personal information it collects about you. PrideStaff is not responsible for the accuracy of the information we collect from other sources.
Information We Collect About Prospective PrideStaff Franchisees
We collect information directly from you and from third party sources, including personal information, about you and your spouse or domestic partner when you express interest in owning a PrideStaff franchise or if a third party refers you to us as a prospective franchisee candidate. The information we collect includes:
Name, email address and postal address
Phone number
Financial information, such as your credit score range, income, savings and retirement savings
Credit score range
Employment history and status
Prior bankruptcy filings and criminal convictions
US Citizenship status
Other information you provide to us, such as why you are interested in PrideStaff
Information We Collect Through Our Other Products and Services
In addition to our staffing services, we may provide candidates and our employer clients with other products and services that may collect personal information. These products and services include our timekeeping services, candidate experience surveys, and our work order posting platform. Depending on the products and services you use, whether you are candidate, client, or as an employee of a client, we will collect:
Your name, email address, username and password
Employee identification number
The days and hours that you work
Available shifts or assignments you select to work
Responses to survey questions
If you are an employer, the work orders or available shifts you post
How We Use the Information We Collect About You
Job Candidates and Other Visitors to Our Sites
We use the information that we collect about you for several purposes: to submit your application for an employment opportunity; to notify you of potential employment opportunities; to facilitate your hiring if your application is accepted; to fulfill your requests for services and products; to fulfill your requests for information about our services and products; to sign you up for our and our clients’ newsletters; and to inform you about the latest product developments and other information from us or from our business partners that we believe would be of interest to you. Specifically, we use the information that we collect about you for the following purposes, as applicable:
To submit a job application to a prospective employer
To conduct a background check
To determine employer tax credit eligibility
To create and manage your account
To enroll eligible job applicants into the PrideStaff Benefits program
Where permitted by law, to provide you with notifications on available jobs, customized offers, newsletters, and information about our clients’, business partners’, and our own products and services
To manage our Pays to Have Friends job referral program
To provide our timekeeping services for our employer clients that utilize this service
To enable a prospective employer to process the necessary paperwork so that a new employee can begin employment
Employers
We use the information that we collect about you for several general purposes: to fulfill your requests for services and products; to fulfill your requests for information about our services and products; and to inform you about the latest product developments and other information from us or from our business partners that we believe would be of interest to you. Specifically, we use the information that we collect about you for the following purposes, as applicable:
To determine tax credit eligibility
To create and manage your account
To fulfill your order for our services (including payment processing for invoices)
To process your credit applications
Where permitted by law, to provide you with customized offers, newsletters, and information about our products and services
To manage our Proud to Refer client referral program
To provide our timekeeping and work order services
Potential PrideStaff Franchisees
We use the information that we collect about you to operate our franchise program. For example, if you inquire about operating a PrideStaff franchise, we will use your information to assess your suitability for owning own of our franchises.
For All Site, Apps and Service Visitors and Users
In addition to the uses described above, we also use the information that we collect from you—whether you are a job candidate, employer, prospective franchisee, or just visiting our Site or App—for the following purposes:
To administer surveys and questionnaires, such as for market research or candidate satisfaction purposes
To assist us in advertising on third party websites, mobile apps, and other online services, and to evaluate the success of our adverting campaigns through third party channels (including our online targeted advertising and offline promotional campaigns)
To develop and provide products and services tailored to your interests and to better understand how users access and use our Site, Apps, and services, both on an aggregated and individualized basis
To comply with any applicable laws and regulations
To enforce our terms and conditions and otherwise manage our business, including, where we believe necessary, to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, or situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person
Sharing Your Information
Job Candidate Information
We share job candidate information, at your request and direction, with prospective employers. We also share job candidate information, after you have consented, to third parties for the purposes, as applicable, of conducting background checks and to determine whether the employer is eligible for tax credits. Once a candidate has been hired, we also may share additional information with your employer for payroll or other administrative functions. We also share identified candidate satisfaction and experience survey results and responses with our employer clients.
Timekeeping Information
If your employer uses our timekeeping services, we will share your information and activities within the timekeeping system, such as your time entries, with your employer.
Work Assignment Information
If you utilize our work order app we will share with your employer the assignments and work shifts, you select or are available to work, your location and scheduled work site arrival time for your scheduled work shifts, and job satisfaction surveys you complete.
All Personal Information (Job Candidates, Employers, and Other Visitors to Our Sites)
Affiliates
We may disclose the information we collect about you to our affiliates or subsidiaries; however, if we do so, their use and disclosure of your information will be subject to this Policy.
Service Providers
We may disclose the information we collect about you to our vendors, service providers, contractors or agents who perform functions on our behalf. For example, these providers may help us administer our Sites and Apps or manage and administer Events.
Other Non-Affiliated Third Parties
We may disclose the information that we collect about you to non-affiliated third parties, such as promotional partners and others with whom we have marketing or other relationships. Those third parties may use your information for their own marketing purposes, such as to market products and services that they believe would be of interest to you. We also may combine the information that we collect about you with other information that we obtain from third parties. This information may help us to determine what advertisements to direct to you, to place on our Sites and Apps, and where to advertise our services. As discussed in the advertising section below, you have the right to opt out of certain uses of your information. You also have the ability to opt-into the receipt of certain information from us and non-affiliated third parties. We may share your information to respond to your choices. We also may share your information for the following reasons:
Business Transfers
If we are or may be acquired by or merged with another company, if any of our assets are transferred to another company, or as part of a bankruptcy proceeding, we may transfer the information we have collected from you to another entity, as applicable.
In Response to Legal Process
We also may disclose the information we collect about you in order to comply with the law, a judicial proceeding, court order or other legal process, such as in response to a subpoena.
To Protect PrideStaff and Others
We also may disclose the information we collect about you where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person or violations of our Terms of Use or this Policy.
Aggregate and Anonymized Information
We may share aggregate or anonymized information about users with third parties for marketing, advertising, research or similar purposes. For example, if we display advertisements on behalf of a third party, we may share aggregate, demographic information with that third party about the users to whom we displayed the advertisements.
Opting Out of Marketing Communications
We may send you promotional email messages if you request to receive promotional information from us via email. You may stop receiving promotional email messages by following the information contained in the email message.
Job Applications for Positions with PrideStaff
In addition to our online product, we also will collect personal information through our Sites for open positions within our own company. Candidates for positions with a PrideStaff company will be required to submit their name, mailing and email address, phone number, job history, and a resume. When you apply for a job with a PrideStaff company, we use your information only for the purpose of fulfilling your job application with a PrideStaff company. We may share your information with third parties to process your application or to conduct a background check, which may include a credit check.
Updating Your Personal Information
You may modify information that you provided to us when you created your account (e.g., name, email address, user ID, and password) by logging into your account or you may contact your local PrideStaff office.
What About Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
When you interact with the Sites and Apps, we strive to make your experience easy and meaningful. We or our third party service providers use cookies, web beacons (including clear GIFs), and similar technologies to track user activity and collect Site and App data. We may combine this data with the personal information we have collected from you.
Do Not Track
Currently, our systems are unable to recognize browser do-not-track requests. You may opt-out of certain tracking, however, by manually adjusting the settings on your browser as discussed in this section. You also may opt-out of targeted advertising as discussed below.
Cookies
Cookies allow a web server to transfer data to a device for recordkeeping and other purposes. We and our third party service providers may use “cookies” on our Sites and Apps to, among other things, better serve you with tailored information and facilitate your ongoing access to and use of the Sites and Apps. There are two types of cookies: session-based and persistent cookies. In addition, we also allow vendors to use cookies on our Sites and Apps.
Session Cookies. Session cookies exist only during an online session. They disappear from your device when you close your browser, App, or turn off your device. We use session cookies to allow our systems to uniquely identify you during a session or while you are logged in to the Sites or Apps. This allows us to process your online transactions and requests and verify your identity, after you have logged in, as you move through our Sites and Apps.
Persistent cookies. Persistent cookies remain on your device after you have closed your browser or turned off your device. We use persistent cookies to track aggregate and statistical information about user activity and to display advertising both on our Sites, Apps, and services and on third-party sites and mobile apps.
Third Party Cookies. We may also engage third parties to track and analyze website data and to serve advertisements. To do so, we may permit third parties to apply cookies to users of our Sites and Apps, where permitted by law, and, subject to your right to opt-out through the Network Advertising Initiative (as discussed below). We use the data collected by such third parties to help us administer and improve the quality of the Sites and to analyze site usage. Such third parties may combine the information that we provide about you with other information that they have collected. These third parties are required to use your information in accordance with this Policy.
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but if you prefer you can edit your browser options to block them in the future. The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your computer from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. Visitors to our Sites who disable their web browsers’ ability to accept cookies will be able to browse the Sites; however, many site features, such as the shopping cart, will not function if you disable cookies.
Web Beacons, Pixel Tags and Other Technologies
We and our third party service providers use web beacons, such as clear GIFs, web bugs or pixel tags, which are tiny graphics with a unique identifier similar in function to cookies. In contrast to cookies, which are stored on your computer’s hard drive, clear GIFs are embedded invisibly on web and mobile app pages. We may use clear GIFs in connection with our Sites and Apps to, among other things, track the activities of Site visitors and App users, help us manage content, and compile statistics about Site and App usage. We and our third party service providers also use clear GIFs in HTML emails to our customers, to help us track email response rates, measure the success of our marketing campaigns, identify when our emails are viewed and track whether our emails are forwarded.
Site Analytics
We use automated devices and applications, such as Google Analytics, to evaluate usage of our Sites, and to the extent permitted, our Apps. We also may use other analytic means to evaluate our Sites and Apps. We use these tools to help us improve our Sites’ and Apps’ performance and user experiences. These entities may use cookies and other tracking technologies, such as web beacons or local storage objects (LSOs), to perform their services. To learn more about Google’s privacy practices, please review the Google Privacy Policy at https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/. You can also download the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on to prevent their data from being used by Google Analytics at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Advertisements
We display advertisements on our Sites and Apps. Some of the advertisements are based on the collection of personal information and others are based on the collection of aggregate information. Please see the bottom of this section for opt-out information. We use third parties such as network advertisers to serve advertisements on our Sites, Apps and on third party websites or other media. Network advertisers are third parties that display advertisements based on your visits to our Sites, and other websites you have visited. This enables us and these third parties to target advertisements to you and others with similar interests for products and services in which you might be interested. Third party ad network providers, advertisers, sponsors and/or traffic measurement services may use cookies, JavaScript, web beacons (including clear GIFs), Flash LSOs and other technologies to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content to you. These third party cookies and other technologies are governed by each third party’s specific privacy policy, not this one. We may provide these third-party advertisers with information about your usage of our Sites, Apps and our services, including personally identifiable information. You may opt-out of many third-party ad networks. This website provides information regarding this practice by Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) members, and your choices regarding having this information used by these companies, including how to “opt-out” of third-party ad networks operated by NAI members. You also may contact About Ads at http://www.aboutads.info/choices for information about opting out of targeted advertising and your choices regarding having information used by About Ads member companies, including how to “opt-out” of third-party ad networks operated by About Ads members. You may opt out of the DoubleClick cookie by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page and Ad Settings. Opting out of one or more NAI members or About Ad members (many of which will be the same) only means that those members no longer will deliver targeted content or ads to you, but it does not mean you will no longer receive any targeted content or ads on our Sites, Apps or other websites. You may continue to receive advertisements, for example, based on the particular website that you are viewing. Also, if your browsers are configured to reject cookies when you visit this opt-out page, or you subsequently erase your cookies, use a different computer or change web browsers, your opt-out may no longer be effective. Additional information is available through the above links.
Biometric Information
PrideStaff uses “biometric technology,” including but not limited to time and attendance systems and/or temperature verification systems for the purposes of employee identification and timekeeping and protecting the health and safety of others. These devices may collect, store, and use biometric information of individuals in accordance with PrideStaff’s internal policies.
PrideStaff prohibits the collection, use, storage, possession, or disclosure of biometric information, as well as obtaining biometric information through any other means, unless pre-approved, in writing, by PrideStaff’s legal department. This prohibition applies to the use of systems used by PrideStaff and its clients in regards to its employees, temporary associates, and other individuals.
In some instances, PrideStaff provides clients with PrideStaff’s own timekeeping terminals and related software services as well as temperature verification kiosks (“timekeeping and temperature verification systems”). In other instances, PrideStaff’s clients contract with vendors to provide timekeeping and temperature verification systems. These timekeeping and temperature verification systems may collect data, including template and temperature data, which may be considered “biometric information” under state laws including, but not limited to, the Illinois Biometric Information Privacy Act (“BIPA”) 740 ILCS 14/1, Texas Bus. & Com. § 503.001, Washington Rev. Code § 19.35, and N.Y. Lab. Law § 201-A.
Some of the temperature verification systems used by PrideStaff and/or its clients employ thermal imaging to verify that an individual’s temperature does not exceed a particular threshold. As part of the verification process, thermal information may be collected for employees and temporary staff entering a client’s premises to protect the health and safety of employees, temporary associates, and other individuals.
PrideStaff will permanently destroy biometric information it possesses within a reasonable period of time or when the purpose for obtaining or collecting such data has been fulfilled, but no later than one year from our last contact with an employee or temporary associate. Additionally, PrideStaff, its clients, and its vendors, affiliates, subcontractors, and licensors may have access to the biometric information to store the data, delete/maintain backup copies, and/or to service the systems, drives or databases on which the data is collected, used, or stored. Following the end of our last interaction with employees, and temporary associates, PrideStaff’s clients have represented that they and their vendors will permanently destroy any biometric information relating to employees and temporary associates within a reasonable period of time or when the purpose for obtaining or collecting such data has been fulfilled, but no later than the timeframe specified in BIPA (three years), WA (one year), and TX (one year), based on their last interaction. In instances where PrideStaff provides its own timekeeping terminals and temperature verification systems, it will also permanently destroy any biometric information relating to employees and/or temporary associates within a reasonable timeframe, but no later than one year after our last interaction with employees and/or temporary associates.
PrideStaff, its clients, and its vendors use reasonable standards of care within their industries for any storage, transmittal or protection from disclosure of any biometric information they may possess, in a manner that is the same as or more protective than the way they store, transmit, and protect similar information. PrideStaff and its clients use reasonable care to protect the security, confidentiality and integrity of all biometric information. PrideStaff, its clients, and vendors of PrideStaff and its clients do not sell, lease, trade, or otherwise profit from biometric information.
Security of Your Information
We want the information that you submit to us to be secure. We use commercially reasonable techniques and precautions to safeguard the information that you provide to us through our server. Notwithstanding our commitment to your information, please be aware that there is a risk that others could find a way to thwart our security systems. As a result, we cannot ensure or warrant the security or privacy of any information that you choose to submit to us.
User Generated Content
Portions of our Sites permit users to submit their own content for blogs or to respond to blog postings. PrideStaff is not responsible for the privacy of any information that you choose to submit through a public forum, such as a blog, or for the accuracy of any information contained in those postings. Any information that you disclose becomes public information. We cannot prevent such information from being used in a manner that may violate this Policy, the law, or your personal privacy.
Third-Party Links
At times, our Sites and Apps may contain links to other third-party websites. Any access to and use of such linked websites is not governed by this Policy, but, instead, is governed by the privacy policies of those third-party websites, and we are not responsible for the information practices of such third-party websites. You should review the privacy policies of those websites before using them.
Children’s Privacy
Our Sites, Apps, products and services are not intended for use by children. PrideStaff does not accept job applications from children under the age of 13, and does not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13. If we discover that a child under the age of 13 has provided us with personal information, we will delete such information from our systems.
Terms of Use
Your use of our Sites, Apps, products and services, as well as any dispute over privacy, is subject to this Policy and our Terms of Use, including applicable limitations on damages and the resolution of disputes.
Additional Information for California Residents
Last Updated: November 2nd, 2020
In this section, we provide additional information to California residents about how we handle their personal information, as required under California privacy laws including the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”).
This section does not address or apply to our handling of:
publicly available information lawfully made available by state or federal government records or other personal information that is exempt under the CCPA;
personal information that is subject to an exemption under the CCPA, such as information subject to regulation under the Fair Credit Reporting Act;
personal information of our current or former job applicants, employees or contractors to the extent collected and used by us solely within the context of the person’s role or former role as a job applicant, employee or contractor. See our notices to job applicants, employees and contractors here.
Except for the Right to Opt-out and the Right of Non-Discrimination, this section does not apply to:
California residents with whom we transact or communicate solely in the context of providing or receiving a product or service to or from a company that employs such residents or engages such residents as contractors.
Under the CCPA, “personal information” is any information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular California resident or household. It does not include publicly available data as defined by the CCPA. Since the CCPA requires that we disclose specific information about how we handle certain personal information collected about all California residents, the scope of this section may be different than the scope of our privacy policy above.
Categories of Personal Information Under the CCPA
Last Updated: November 2nd, 2020
While our collection, use and disclosure of personal information varies based upon our relationship and interactions with you, in this section we describe, generally, how we have collected and disclosed personal information about residents in the prior 12 months (from the Last Updated personal information above).  As further described in the Information We Collect section above, we may collect personal information from the following sources:
directly from the individual
directly from clients
advertising networks
data analytics providers
social networks
operating systems and platforms
government entities
data brokers
The table below identifies the categories of personal information (as defined by the CCPA) we have collected about California residents, as well as how we have sold or disclosed for a business purpose such information. For more information about the business and commercial purposes for which we collect, use and disclose personal information, please see the How We Use the Information We Collect About You and the Sharing Your Information sections above. Under the CCPA, a “sale” includes disclosing or making available to a third-party personal information, in exchange for monetary compensation or some other value or benefit.  While we do not disclose personal information in exchange for monetary compensation, we may make certain categories of personal information available in order to receive certain benefits or services, such as when we make browsing information available to third party ad companies (through third party tags on our Sites) in order to improve and measure our ad campaigns and reach users with more relevant ads and content.
Personal Information Collected
Categories
Description
Do We Disclose this Information?
Do We Sell this Information?
Categories of Third Parties to Whom We May Disclose or Sell this Information
Identifiers
Includes name, alias, user ID, username, unique personal identifier; email address, phone number, address and other contact information; IP address and other online identifiers; SSN, driver’s license number, passport number, and other similar identifiers.
Yes
Yes
Service providers
Government entities and law enforcement
Affiliates and subsidiaries
Advertising networks
Personal information analytics providers
Social networks
Operating systems and platforms
Personal information brokers
Business customer/client
Customer Records
Includes name, account name, user ID, contact information, education and employment information, SSN and government identifiers, account number, and financial or payment information, that individuals provide us in order to purchase or obtain our products and services. For example, this may include information collected when an individual registers for an account or enters into an agreement with us related to our products and services.
Yes
No
Service providers
Government entities and law enforcement
Affiliates and subsidiaries
Operating systems and platforms
Business customer/client
Commercial Information
Includes records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or use histories or tendencies. For example, this may include demographic information that we receive from third parties in order to better understand and reach our customers.
Yes
No
Service providers
Affiliates and subsidiaries
Operating systems and platforms
Usage Personal Information
Includes browsing history, clickstream personal information, search history, access logs and other usage personal information and information regarding an individual’s interaction with our websites, mobile apps, and our marketing emails and online ads.
Yes
Yes
Service providers
Affiliates and subsidiaries
Advertising networks
Personal information analytics providers
Social networks
Operating systems and platforms
Professional Information
Includes professional and employment-related information (such as current and former employer(s) and position(s), business contact information and professional memberships).
Yes
No
Service providers
Affiliates and subsidiaries
Operating systems and platforms
Business customer/client
Biometric Information
Physiological, biological or behavioral characteristics that can be used alone or in combination with each other to establish individual identity. For example, if you choose to set and use facial recognition / fingerprints to log-in for your account.
Yes
No
Service providers
Affiliates and subsidiaries
Operating systems and platforms
Inferences
Includes inferences drawn from other personal information that we collect to create a profile reflecting an individual’s preferences, characteristics, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities or aptitudes.
Yes
No
Service providers
Affiliates and subsidiaries
Advertising networks
Personal information analytics providers
Social networks
Operating systems and platforms
Business customer/client
California Residents’ Rights
CCPA Rights. In general, California residents have the following rights with respect to their personal information:
Do-not-sell (opt-out): California residents have the right to opt-out of our sale of their personal information. While we do not disclose personal information to third parties in exchange for monetary compensation, we may “sell” personal information as defined by the CCPA, via third party cookies and tags deployed on our website. However, we do not “sell” personal information about individuals that we know to be under 16 years old. You may opt-out of the sale of your personal information by PrideStaff by completing our Consumer Request Form and selecting the “Opt-out of Sale” option. You may also opt-out of “sales” via third party cookies on our websites by adjusting your Cookies Settings for our websites:
Rx relief Website
Rx relief Cookie Settings
Rx relief Jobs Website
Rx relief Jobs Cookie Settings
Please note that your settings are device and browser specific.  So, if you use a different device or browser to access our websites, you will need to set your cookie preferences for each browser and device you use to access our website. Further, if you subsequently delete cookies, your preferences may be lost and need to be reset.
Right of deletion: to request deletion of their personal information that we have collected about them and to have such personal information deleted (without charge), subject to certain exceptions.
Right to know: with respect to the personal information we have collected about them in the prior 12 months, to require that we disclose the following to them (up to twice per year and subject to certain exemptions):
categories of personal information collected;
categories of sources of personal information;
categories of personal information we have disclosed or shared with a third party for a business purpose;
categories of third parties to whom we have sold their personal information and for each the specific categories of personal information sold;
the business or commercial purposes for collecting or selling personal information; and
a copy of the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about them.
Right to non-discrimination: the right not to be subject to discriminatory treatment for exercising their rights under the CCPA.
Submitting CCPA Requests. California residents may submit CCPA requests to know (access) their personal information through one of the following methods:
Online webform at https://pridestaff.com/consumer-request-form/
By phone at 1-800-774-3316 or by email at DataCompliance@pridestaff.com
California residents may submit CCPA requests to delete their personal information through one of the following methods:
Online webform at https://pridestaff.com/consumer-request-form/
By email at DataCompliance@pridestaff.com
In addition, California residents may opt of “sales” of their personal information by using our preference manager (to opt out of “sales” via third party tags and cookies on our Sites).
When you submit a request to know or a request to delete, we will take steps to verify your request by matching the information provided by you with the information we have in our records. You must complete all required fields on our webform (or otherwise provide us with this information via the above toll-free number). In some cases, we may request additional information in order to verify your request or where necessary to process your request. If we are unable to adequately verify a request, we will notify the requestor. Authorized agents may initiate a request on behalf of another individual by contacting us at the above link; authorized agents will be required to provide proof of their authorization and we may also require that the relevant resident directly verify their identity and the authority of the authorized agent.
For more information about our privacy practices, you may contact us as set forth in the Submitting CCPA Requests section above.
Our Use of Personal Information
Providing Support and Services: Including to provide our products and services, including our websites, applications and online services (collectively, our “Services”); to communicate with you about your access to and use of our Services; to respond to your inquiries; to provide troubleshooting, fulfill your orders and requests, process your payments and provide technical support; and for other customer service and support purposes.
Analyzing and Improving Services and Operations: Including to better understand how users access and use our Services, to evaluate and improve our Services and business operations, and to develop new Services; to conduct surveys and other evaluations (such as customer satisfaction surveys); and for other research and analytical purposes.
Personalizing Content and Experiences: Including to tailor content we send or display on our websites and other Services; to offer location customization and personalized help and instructions; and to otherwise personalize your experiences.
Advertising, Marketing and Promotional Purposes: Including to reach you with more relevant ads and to evaluate, measure and improve the effectiveness of our ad campaigns; to send you newsletters, offers or other information we think may interest you; to contact you about our Services or information we think may interest you; and to administer promotions and contests.
Securing and Protecting Our Business: Including to protect and secure our business operations, assets, Services, network and information and technology resources; to investigate, prevent, detect and take action regarding fraud, unauthorized access, situations involving potential threats to the rights or safety of any person or third party, or other unauthorized activities or misconduct;
Defending our Legal Rights: Including to manage and respond to actual and potential legal disputes and claims, and to otherwise establish, defend or protect our rights or interests, including in the context of anticipated or actual litigation with third parties.
Auditing, Reporting, Corporate Governance, and Internal Operations: Including relating to financial, tax and accounting audits; audits and assessments of our operations, privacy, security and financial controls, risk, and compliance with legal obligations; our general business, accounting, record keeping and legal functions; and related to any actual or contemplated merger, acquisition, asset sale or transfer, financing, bankruptcy or restructuring of all or part of our business.
Complying with Legal Obligations: Including to comply with the law, our legal obligations and legal process, such warrants, subpoenas, court orders, and regulatory or law enforcement requests.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We will post changes to this Policy on our Sites and changes will become effective upon posting. If we make a material change to this Policy, then we will highlight that change upon posting.
Contact Us
Please contact us at info@pridestaff.com if you have any questions regarding this Policy.
Job Seekers
Job Search
Job Seeker FAQs
Refer a Friend
Students
Benefits
Employee Resources
Employers
Specialty Areas
Our Services
Hiring FAQs
Hire Rx relief
Client Referral
About
Why Rx relief?
Press Room
Awards and Recognition
Associations
Contact
Blog
Search Jobs
Search Jobs
Search Site
X
Coronavirus (COVID-19) Resources »