https://www.anewdriver.ie/privacy-policy-cookie-policy/
+353 87 7624 223
james@anewdriver.ie
Facebook
Facebook
0 Items
Privacy Policy Cookie Policy
Overview
Effective: 1st June 2013 – reviewed 10th May 2018.
We are committed to protecting and respecting your personal privacy. Our intent is to inform you and ask for consent — we do not assume we have it. Our website and email system are hosted with an Irish hosting company with secure servers within Ireland. Our storage policy on contact email addresses collected with forms have a 24 month shelf life, whereas if there is no contact between us in that timeframe, we will delete your form entry and remove you from our website database. As we have independently emailed you, our mailing system will keep your contact name and address on file until the time that is also removed from our mail client or CRM. We have a 18 month policy on unreturned emails.
All general forms on our website have specific double optin features to our newsletter list, and include messages like “I consent to my submitted data being collected and stored by this site”. If you do not agree to this, please contact us by alternative methods to avoid any potential misunderstanding. At any stage, you can click the unsubscribe option in the footer of our newsletters or simply send us an email to request your data to be removed from our systems. We will oblige in due course.
This webpage tells you the data protection and privacy practices for anewdriver.ie, specifically:
What personally identifiable information is collected
Which organisation is collecting this information
How this information is used
Our policy on sharing this information
How we protect your information
How you can correct any inaccuracies in this information
Plain English Summary
We take your privacy very seriously.
We do not actively track you as an individual, rather we have systems in place to keep your name and email address stored so we can provide you with a high level of service. We used advanced website analytics tracking data as detailed below:
We use Google analytics, Google DoubleClick, Gravatar, Facebook Audience, Facebook insights, Google Search Console, Fastbase analytics and WordPress stats, all of which to help us understand how potential customers interact with our website and make the experience better for you.
Should you send us an email via the contact form, your name, email address and message will be emailed to us (as you would expect). This information is kept private and SSL secured in our CRM. We will store this information within our own email system so that we are able to respond to you. If you selected to optin to our newsletter, our CRM system will take your email address, first and last name and add to our newsletter list for future correspondence. We will not share this data with third party businesses to remarket to you.
Should you comment on a blog post or web page on this site, then your name, email address, IP address and the message will be stored in our website database (as you would expect). This makes your name, website address and comment (but not your email address) viewable by the general public on the website.
The website does use cookies when you browse this website. These are used to ensure proper running of this website, and also to help us improve your experience when browsing.
We use 3rd Party / Tracking / Advertising cookies for our affiliate links and additional businesses, as detailed above.
NONE OF THE INFORMATION WE GATHER VIA COOKIES IDENTIFIES YOU AS AN INDIVIDUAL – IT IS ALL ENTIRELY ANONYMOUS.
Cookie
Type
Duration
Description
Blog/Post Comments
Persistent
1 year
If you leave a comment on the website e.g. on a page, article or blog post, then a cookie may be stored to ‘remember’ your email address for the next time you post (should you choose the “remember me” option).
Cookie Header
Persistent
1 year
In the Footer of each web page on this site you will see a message alerting you of our privacy and cookie policy. If you’ve seen this message once, you probably won’t want to see it again. We use a cookie to remember this setting. User data is all anonymous.
Analytics
To understand how people use our site, and to discover areas on our site with issues, we use Google And Clicky Analytics. Most websites use some sort of analytics program like this. The data it collects helps us see things like how many people visit our site, which country they are from, how many pages they visited, how fast our site loaded, and so on. All data collected is completely anonymous, it does not identify you as an individual in any way.
WordPress
Persistent
1 year
WordPress is the Content Management System (CMS) that runs this website. It uses a cookie when logging in and out and is essential for proper website operation. It is only set if you are a registered user, so for most people, it is not set at all. User data is all anonymous.
How this information is used
If you have chosen to share it with us, we use your email address to contact you in reply to your message or to send you our newsletter if you opted into that. If you have entered your email address to leave a comment on the blog, it is used to identify your comment, however, it is not displayed on the website or shared with any third party.
We may also use your email to help resolve issues or disputes, for example, if you tell us that you cannot see any of your posts on the website, we would probably search our database using your email address to help diagnose the problem.
Our disclosure of this information
We do not share your personal information or email address with third parties.
Email opt-out
Just like you, we hate spam. We do not send you spam emails.
You may opt-out of our emails at any time. An ‘unsubscribe’ link is included in all of our email newsletters.
Protection of your information
We use our best endeavours to safeguard the confidentiality of your personally identifiable information, we use encryption (such as SSL) and hosting firewalls to further protect the information as it travels across the Internet. We do not believe that the personal information we collect warrants further levels of security. It is important to be aware that there is no such thing as “perfect internet security”.
How to correct inaccurate information
Once posted, you cannot change or remove any comments you have submitted on our website pages and/or posts. However, if you would like to have this information removed please contact us and we will do this for you, at a time of our convenience, based on the fact that you submitted this information, not us.
You should know that because of technical constraints, all information is never completely removed from our databases. Therefore, you should not expect that all of your personally identifiable information will be completely removed from our databases in response to your requests that it be removed. We will aim to remove all publicly-facing information first, then quarterly we will optimise our servers and databases, further removing any server stored information.
How to contact us
Please use the contact form provided to contact us if required.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
From time to time we may update this Privacy Policy in line with website changes that may affect the personal information we gather about you. It is assumed that you accept such changes if you continue to use the site and services.
Search for:
Recent Posts
The number of hours should you practice driving?
What Helps A New Driver? More Driving
The Number Of Driving Lessons Do I In Fact Required?
13 Driving Range Tips For Beginners
Chauffeurs Education.
Archives
December 2020
November 2020
October 2020
September 2020
August 2020
July 2020
June 2020
May 2020
October 2019
September 2019
August 2019
July 2019
June 2019
May 2019
April 2019
March 2019
February 2019
January 2019
December 2018
November 2018
October 2018
September 2018
August 2018
July 2018
June 2018
May 2018
April 2018
January 2018
December 2017
November 2017
October 2017
September 2017
April 2017
March 2017
February 2017
January 2017
December 2016
November 2016
October 2016
September 2016
August 2016
July 2016
June 2016
May 2016
April 2016
March 2016
February 2016
September 2015
August 2015
March 2015
Facebook
Copyright 2019 A New Driver | Website by bbmm.ie | SEO by Dublin SEO Company
Enjoy this blog? Please spread the word :)299
error: Content is protected !!
Shares
Share This
Facebook
Twitter
Google+
We use cookies to ensure that our website works better for you. If you continue to use this site we will take your consent with it.Cool, Drive OnHit the brakes, Can I read it first?