https://www.thecardnetwork.co.uk/privacy-policy
This Named Company Limited t/a The Card Network
How we use your information
This privacy policy tells you about how The Card Network (TCN) collects and stores personal information. It applies to information we collect about:
People who buy our products and use our services (our customers)
Visitors to our websites and premises
Job applicants and our current and former employees
The Card Network may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure you are aware of any changes. This policy was last updated on 24.5.18.
Our Customers and Users of our Services
The information we hold is necessary to provide you with the products and services you purchase from us, to communicate with you about those products and services, and to maintain our business trading relationship. To do this, we must hold details of your organisation and your staff.
What we collect
Company/Trading Name
Company/Trading address
Name and Job title
Contact information including email address
Company registration no. where applicable
Bank details where applicable
Company VAT no. where applicable.
We do not share your information with any third parties without your consent unless legally obligated to do so, for example to HMRC for accounting purposes.
Customers using our ID Card Bureau and Membership Card Bureau Service
This relates to customers who provide personal cardholder data to The Card Network for us to print individual ID and membership cards in our bureau.
Under the terms of the General Data Protection Regulation, The Card Network act as the Data Processor on behalf of the customer (known as the Data Controller), and process data belonging to the cardholders (the Data Subjects). Only data necessary for this contracted purpose is stored and used for that purpose. The data is used for the printing of ID and membership cards and is then held securely at TCN for ongoing reprints or reissues.
We will hold the individual card data until we are informed by our customer (the Data Controller) that it is no longer required. At that time, we will delete all data for the data subject(s).
If there has been no activity on the customer account for 2 years, we as the Data Processor will contact the customer (the Data Controller) to verify whether the card data for the particular data subject should be retained or deleted.
All data is held securely on our servers which are hosted and managed by UK Fast, who own, manage and operate an ISO-accredited data centre complex. Our IT infrastructure is managed by a Microsoft Gold Partner with third party accreditation through Cyber Essentials.
Visitors to our Website
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Cookies
A cookie is a file containing an identifier made up of letters and numbers. The cookie is sent by our web server to your web browser and is stored by your browser. The identifier is then sent back to our web server each time the browser requests a page from the server. Cookies can be used by web servers to identify and track users as they navigate different pages on a website and identify users returning to a website. Cookies may be either "persistent" cookies or "session" cookies. A persistent cookie will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date. A session cookie will expire at the end of the user session when the web browser is closed.
Use of Cookies by The Card Network
We do not use any persistent cookies. Our cookies are all session cookies which expire when you close your browser session. Our cookies do not contain any information that can personally identify a user.
Magento Cookies
Our website is based on Magento. Magento uses a session cookie to improve the user experience when browsing the site and moving from page to page. This cookie will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.
Analytics Cookies
We use Google Analytics Universal to analyse the way users interact with our website. They generate statistical and other information about the use of our website by means of session cookies. We use this information to fine tune and improve our website. Google Analytics retains this information for 26 months. Our analytics service provider's privacy policy is available at: http://www.google.com/policies/privacy.
Controlling Cookies from within your Browser
These links explain how you can control cookies via your browser. But do bear in mind that if you turn off cookies in your browser, these settings apply to all websites not just this one. Your overall browsing experience might be adversely affected.
Internet Explorer
http://support.microsoft.com/kb/278835
Internet Explorer Mobile
http://www.microsoft.com/windowsphone/en-us/howto/wp7/web/changing-privacy-and-other-browser-settings.aspx)
Chrome
http://support.google.com/chrome/bin/answer.py?hl=en-GB&answer=95647
Safari
http://docs.info.apple.com/article.html?path=Safari/5.0/en/9277.html
Firefox
http://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/Enabling%20and%20disabling%20cookies
Blackberry
http://docs.blackberry.com/en/smartphone_users/deliverables/32004/Turn_off_cookies_in_the_browser_60_1072866_11.jsp
Android
http://support.google.com/mobile/bin/answer.py?hl=en&answer=169022
Opera
http://www.opera.com/browser/tutorials/security/privacy/
Contact Us Web Form
We provide a Contact Us web form on our website. This allows visitors to the website to request that we contact them. The personal data that is collected is the visitor's name, email address and business name. This data is logged and emailed to the appropriate TCN staff. If the visitor subsequently becomes a customer that data is stored and retained, otherwise it is deleted after 2 years.
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Live Chat
Customers can choose to communicate with us through the Live Chat function on our website. The personal data we collect is a name and email address. If the Live Chat visitor subsequently becomes a customer, that data is stored and retained, otherwise the information is deleted after 2 years.
Visitors to our premises
Our premises and car park are monitored by recording CCTV cameras. Recordings are retained for 30 days, at which time they will be over-written. If an incident requires specific recordings to be retained to be used either as evidence of that incident or to assist in the investigation of that incident, those recordings will be retained until they are of no further value to the investigation.  If the investigation becomes a formal legal matter, the recordings may be submitted as evidence and will be retained as part of the collateral for that case, by the justice system, for a period of up to seven years.
People who telephone our premises
When you telephone our business, we collect Calling Line Identification (CLI) information. We use this information to help improve the efficiency of the call handling.
People who email us
We use Transport Layer Security (TLS) to encrypt and protect email traffic. If your email service does not support TLS, you should be aware that any emails we send or receive may not be protected in transit.  We will also monitor any emails sent to us, including file attachments, for viruses or malicious software. Please be aware that you have a responsibility to ensure that any email you send is within the bounds of the law.
We keep emails for a maximum 2 years, at which time they will be deleted.
Job Applicants
Application Stage
We ask you for your personal details including name and contact details. We will also ask you about your previous experience and your education. We may ask for referees and we may require answers to questions relevant to the role you have applied for. Our recruitment team will have access to all this information.
Shortlisting
Our hiring team shortlist applications for interview. They will be provided with all the information gathered at the Application Stage.
Assessments
We might ask you to participate in assessment exercises; complete tests or occupational personality profile questionnaires; and/or to attend an interview – or a combination of these. Information will be generated by you and by us. For example, you might complete a written test, or we might take interview notes. This information is held by TCN.
At interview or assessment we will ask for proof of your identity and your right to work in the United Kingdom. You will be asked to attend our office with original documents and we will take copies.
If you are unsuccessful following assessment for the position you have applied for, we may ask if you would like your details to be retained in our talent pool for a period of six months. If you say yes, we would proactively contact you should any further suitable vacancies arise.
Job Offer
If we make an offer of employment we will ask you for further information. We will also carry out a basic DBS (Disclosure and Barring Service) check, which we require in order to seek assurance as to trustworthiness, integrity and reliability.
You will therefore be required to provide:
• Personal information in order for us to carry out a basic DBS (Disclosure and Barring Service) check
• Proof of your qualifications – you will be asked to attend our office with original documents, we will take copies
• We may contact your referees, using the details you provide in your application, directly to obtain references
• Bank details – to process salary payments
• Emergency contact details – so we know who to contact in case you have an emergency at work
• Proof of citizenship of the United Kingdom or other proof of the right to work in the United Kingdom
Use of Data Processors
Data processors are third parties who provide services to The Card Network. We have contracts in place with our data processors which means they cannot do anything with your personal information unless we have instructed them to do it. They will not share your personal information with any organisation apart from us. They will hold it securely and retain it for the period we instruct. Our Data Processors includes our Payroll and Pension Providers, and the Government when we are requesting basic DBS checks.
How long is the information retained for?
Employee Records
Employee records are retained by us as part of each employee file for the duration of their employment plus 6 years following the end of their employment. This includes records of any security checks and references.
Job Applicant Information
If your employment application is unsuccessful the information you have provided will be retained for 6 months from the point at which you are unsuccessful.
Information generated throughout the assessment process, for example interview notes, is retained by us for 6 months.
Customer Information
If you stop being a customer of TCN we will retain your details for a period of 5 years following the cessation of your account. If you choose to return as a customer during that period, our retention of your data will ease the process of re-instating you as a customer.
Your Rights
Under the General Data Protection Regulation (EU 2016/679) (GDPR), you have rights as an individual which you can exercise in relation to the information we hold about you.
Individual Rights:
The GDPR provides the following rights for individuals:
• The right to be informed
• The right of access
• The right to rectification
• The right to erasure
• The right to restrict processing
• The right to data portability
• The right to object
• Rights in relation to automated decision making and profiling
You can read more about these rights here:
https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/guide-to-the-general-data-protection-regulation-gdpr/individual-rights/
Complaints or Queries
TCN tries to meet the highest standards when collecting and using personal information. For this reason, we take any complaints we receive about this very seriously. We encourage people to bring it to our attention if they think that our collection or use of information is unfair, misleading or inappropriate. We would also welcome any suggestions for improving our procedures. This privacy notice was drafted with brevity and clarity in mind. It does not provide exhaustive detail of all aspects of the collection and use of personal information by The Card Network. However, we are happy to provide any additional information or explanation needed. Any requests for this should be sent to the address below.
Access to Personal Information
TCN tries to be as open as it can be in terms of giving people access to their personal information. Individuals can find out if we hold any of their personally identifiable information by making a subject access request under the General Data Protection Regulation (EU 2016/679) (GDPR). If we do hold information about you, we will:
• Respond within 30 days
• Tell you what it is
• Tell you why we are holding it
• Tell you who it is shared with
• Let you have a copy of the information in an intelligible form
To make a request to the TCN for any personal information we may hold you need to put the request in writing to the address provided below.
If we do hold information about you, you can ask us to correct any mistakes there may be in the data.
Links to other websites
This privacy notice does not cover the links within our website linking to other website, social media pages and blog. We encourage you to read the privacy statements on the other websites you visit.
Changes to this privacy notice
We keep our privacy notice under regular review. This privacy notice was last updated on 24th May 2018.
How to contact us
You can write to us at:
Admin Director
The Card Network
Network House
St Ives Way
Sandycroft
Flintshire
CH5 2QS