https://www.nicolafinetti.com/terms/
PRIVACY POLICY & LEGALS
References to Nicola Finetti in the Privacy Statement and Terms &
Conditions below are references to NF GROUP PTY LTD
(ABN 61 164 670 679)
1. PRIVACY STATEMENT
This Privacy Statement applies to all personal information collected by Nicola Finetti via the internet, including without limitation, by way of the NF GROUP PTY LTD website located at www.nicolafinetti.com
NF GROUP PTY LTD recognizes the importance of protecting the privacy of our client’s personal and financial information and acts in accordance with this recognition. As a result, Nicola Finetti has instituted strict policies regarding your privacy. Information provided at the time of registration or submission will not be used for any unsolicited communication, unless you provide your consent. When you register with Nicola Finetti you give us your consent to treat your personal data in accordance with this online privacy policy and for the purposes described below.
1.1 What NF GROUP PTY LTD collect
In order to provide our clients with the service they deserve NF GROUP PTY LTD collects the information that our clients give us. This may include personal information:
automatically collected by our system relating to your visit to the website, such as your IP address; give to us by you when you fill in questionnaires, contact forms or other sections of the Nicola Finetti website or when you post or input information to the Nicola Finetti website; and
about how you use the Nicola Finetti website.
We study our clients’ and visitors’ use of our website so we can improve our services and enhance your Nicola Finetti experience. When you register with Nicola Finetti, you give us your name and email address. Nicola Finetti does not collect personal identifiable information from anyone under the age of thirteen. If you are under thirteen, please ask your parents to register or exit this website.
1.2 How does Nicola Finetti use the information you provide
If you give us your name and email address, we may contact you by email with special information about Nicola Finetti and our products. We only communicate with you by email if we have your permission. Otherwise, we use your information only to provide our clients with a better service experience and ensure that we, our partners and affiliates maintain and improve services to our clients. Nicola Finetti will not otherwise use or disclose any information about you without your consent, unless:
1.3 Will Nicola Finetti share your information with other entities?
Nicola Finetti does not sell or rent our client’s names, addresses, email addresses or other personal information. In order to maintain our website and enhance our client communications, Nicola Finetti contracts with selected third parties. As necessary, your personal information may be shared with these third parties, solely for the purpose of assisting Nicola Finetti in these endeavours and subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations. Nicola Finetti will not otherwise use or disclose any information about you without your consent, unless:
the use or disclosure is for one of the purposes described in or otherwise permitted by this policy;
the use or disclosure is required or permitted by law;
we believe it necessary to provide you with a service which you have requested;
we believe it necessary to protect the rights, property or personal safety of another person on Nicola Finetti; or
the assets or operations of Nicola Finetti business are transferred to third party.
If you do not provide requested information, Nicola Finetti may not be able to provide you with access.
1.4 SECURITY
Nicola Finetti will take reasonable steps to protect the personal information it holds from misuse and loss and from unauthorized access, modification or disclosure and to make sure that the personal information it collects, uses or discloses is accurate, complete and up-to-date. Nicola Finetti uses appropriate security measures to protect the information you give us. While we take stringent measures to protect our website and all information, you should be aware that no internet data transmission can be guaranteed to be 100% secure from access by unintended recipients. Nicola Finetti will not be responsible for events arising from unauthorized access to your personal information.
[Please note also that Nicola Finetti may use overseas facilities to process or back up its information. As a result, we may transfer your personal information to our overseas facilities for storage. However, this does not change any of our commitments to safeguard your privacy.]
1.5 About Cookies
Nicola Finetti may use cookies to improve the usefulness of our website for our clients and to help us to enhance our services. Cookies are tiny bits of data that are stored on your hard drive when you visit a website. Most web browsers are set to accept cookies. Cookies in and of themselves do not personally identify users, although they do identify a user’s browser. Cookies are useful to estimate our number of users and determine overall traffic patterns through our website. If you don’t want cookies, your web browser likely includes an option that allows you to not accept them. This may mean that you will not be able to take full advantage of Nicola Finetti’s services.
1.6 Marketing and advertising
From time to time, Nicola Finetti may give you the choice as to whether or not you wish to participate in promotions, surveys and/or competitions. To take part in these activities, you will be directed to an appropriate mechanism to enable you to sign up. When you sign up you will receive additional information about the terms and conditions that apply to registration and the relevant surveys, competitions and/or promotions. Please read these carefully as such terms apply in addition to those set out in this policy and could provide you with important information about how personal information collected as part of those activities is dealt with.
1.7 Links to Other Websites
Nicola Finetti provides access to third party websites through the Nicola Finetti website. These linked websites are not under the control of Nicola Finetti, and we are not responsible for the content or the conduct of the organization accessed via a link on the Nicola Finetti website. Before disclosing your personal information on any website, we suggest you examine the terms and conditions and privacy policy of that website.
1.8 Acceptance of Privacy Policy; Modifications
By accessing and using Nicola Finetti website, you consent to our collection, use and disclosure of your information as disclosed in this privacy policy. Nicola Finetti may occasionally make changes to our privacy policy or practices. For this reason you should therefore review this page from time to time to get updated information. We will notify you of any changes in our privacy policy by posting the modifications on our website or otherwise informing you before we use your personal information in any way not previously disclosed in our privacy policy.
If you are registered on the Nicola Finetti online database and would like to be removed, please click on this unsubscribe link and entre the email you wish to remove. You have the right to access your personal information in the manner permitted by the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) at any time and request correction of your personal information held by Nicola Finetti at any time. If you would like to access your personal information or have any questions concerning this privacy policy, please send an email to [email protected] If you wish to have your personal information deleted, please let us know in the same manner as referred to above and we will take all reasonable steps to delete it unless we need to keep it for legal reasons.
1.9 Eboutique Terms & Conditions
By placing an order with Nicola Finetti or using our website, you are agreeing to accept the terms & conditions set out on the website. These terms and conditions shall be governed by the laws of New South Wales, Australia and you submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of that state.
2. IP PROTECTION STATEMENT
2.1 Sales Material IP Protection
“Nicola Finetti” is a trade mark. All sales, advertising and promotional material including designs, logos, images and photography is protected by copyright. None of this can be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part without the prior written permission of Nicola Finetti.
Any unauthorised offering of Nicola Finetti garments for commercial hire may deceptively imply an endorsement by Nicola Finetti that does not exist or otherwise infringe the above rights, which will be strictly enforced. All rights are hereby expressly reserved.
2.2 Online IP Protection Statement
“The name “Nicola Finetti” and any associated logos and promotional branding are trade marks of Nicola Finetti. They may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without the prior written permission of Nicola Finetti. All other material on this site created by Nicola Finetti including, but not limited to, images, logos, trade marks, branding, photography, images, graphics, copy, headers and the overall get up are the property of Nicola Finetti and may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without the prior written permission from Nicola Finetti. Copyright Nicola Finetti. “
×
SHOP
NEW ARRIVALSNew In a73aPre-order a5aEditExclusives
Shop Instagram
By Collection
Pre-Fall 19Resort 19BY STYLEDresses a108aSkirts a8aTops a16aSALE
All
By Collection
By Style
Dresses
Dresses on Sale
Skirts
Pre-Fall 19
Resort 19
COLLECTIONS
AUTUMN WINTER 20
SPRING SUMMER 2020
RESORT 20
AUTUMN WINTER 19
PREFALL 19
RESORT 2019
PREFALL 18
AUTUMN WINTER 2018
SPRING SUMMER 2017/18
NF EDITION
HELP
Size Chart
Shipping
Returns
Contact us
LOGIN/REGISTER
×
What are you looking for?
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Necessary
Always Enabled
Buy now. Pay later. Interest free.
Shop securely online or in-store & pay back over time.
Shop today with nothing to pay
Set up flexible repayments weekly, fortnightly or monthly
zipPay purchases are interest-free always
Reuse your account wherever you see zipPay
Size Chart
All measurements are in centimetres
AUSTRALIAN SIZE MEASUREMENTS
68101214
BUST81.584899499
WAIST63.566717681
HIPS90.59398103108
INTERNATIONAL SIZE CONVERSIONS
AUSTRALIA68101214
U.K68101214
U.S246810
SHOE SIZE CONVERSIONS
AUSTRALIA567891011
U.K3456789
U.S6789101112
EUROPE36373839404142