https://www.greatwings.com/index.php?main_page=privacy
Home
Privacy Notice
It is our policy not to sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties personal information that we receive from you. The only personal information that we receive would come directly from you (such as information you provide when placing an order or sending us an email. You may browse the contents of our website without telling us who you are and without revealing any personal information. We do collect and store basic, non personal information during normal website usage such as the pages your request, and date and time of those requests. We use this information internally to generate statistics and measure site activity to improve the usefulness of customer visits. We may use your information and/or email address to send you new product updates, fliers, promotions, etc. You can opt out of this any time you wish by clicking below.
Prohibition against conducting business with embargoed countries.
Johnson’s Jewelry Inc. complies with all applicable United States export controls, sanctions, foreign boycotts, laws and regulations in order to protect the U.S. interests at home and abroad. Compliance prohibits shipping products to embargoed countries, corporations, or organizations and/or individuals or third party agents.
As of October 2011, embargoed nations include: Cuba, Iran, Sudan, Burma, North Korea, and Syria. It should also be understood that Johnson’s will adhere to any and all additional country sanctions so determined by the U.S. Treasury Department of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC). Johnson’s will not be involved in any way with aforementioned countries even if they are permissible under U.S. law when conducted by a foreign entity or nation. No export of products, in whole or part-U.S., may be made with the knowledge (or reason to know) that products will be reexported or transshipped (to include hand carrying) from third country to an embargoed or otherwise sanctioned destination.
Categories
JewelryInsigniaCustomized ProductsCustom Made Products