http://www.pinmart.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Privacy Policy
PinMart Inc. is committed to respecting and securing your privacy.  Our Privacy Policy highlights how PinMart gathers and uses the personal information you provide us on our website: www.pinmart.com.  It also describes the choices you have regarding the personal information you have provided.
Collection and Use of Personal Information
We collect the following personal information from you: •    Contact Information such as name, email address, mailing address and phone number •    Billing Information such as credit card number and billing address •    Unique Identifiers such as user name, account number and password •    Preferences Information such as order history and marketing preferences
As is the case with most internet retailers, we automatically gather information about your computer such as your IP address, time and date of visit, browser type, referring/exit pages and operating system. We may log this information for system administration, order verification, internal marketing and system troubleshooting purposes.
We use all of this information to: •    Fulfill your order •    Send you an order and/or shipping confirmation •    Send you requested product information •    Respond to customer service requests •    Administer your account •    Send you a PinMart newsletter or blog •    Send you PinMart marketing communications •    Improve our website and marketing efforts •    Conduct research and analysis
Cookies
Cookies are small text files of information stored by the Internet browser on your computer's hard drive. For example, we may use cookies to collect browsing data to keep track of your preferences and profile information and to collect general usage and volume statistical information. Cookies help us keep track of your order as you shop on our site and provide features such as the storage of items in your cart between visits. Information from cookies helps us serve you better by improving our site design, as well as our products, services, and promotions.  You may set your Internet web browser to refuse cookies or to remove cookies from your hard drive.
Your Choice to Receive Communication
You may choose to stop receiving our newsletter or marketing emails by following the unsubscribe instructions in your account preferences on our website, or contacting us at 1-877-746-6278.
External Links
Our website may offer links to other sites. These sites have their own privacy policies which you may wish to review upon reaching the site. We take no responsibility for the content of such other websites or their privacy policies.
Information Sharing
We do not rent or exchange our customers’ names, addresses, email addresses or telephone numbers for any purpose. Nor is it our intention to do so in the future. We strictly maintain this information for our own records. PinMart may share necessary information with our support service providers, such as printers, mailing houses, delivery suppliers, or web hosts. These companies are obligated to protect your information and are not authorized to use any customer information shared with them except in the context of performing a necessary function.
Security
When you enter sensitive information (such as a credit card number) on our order forms, we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). SSL is the standard for encrypted commercial transactions throughout the Internet.  When all of your personal information is encrypted it cannot be read as it travels through the Internet.
Children
PinMart, Inc.  does not sell products for purchase by children and recognizes the particular importance of protecting privacy where children are involved.  If you are under 18, you may use our website with the involvement of a parent or guardian. We are committed to protecting children's privacy on the Internet. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 18. If a child has provided our website with personally identifiable information, we ask that a parent or guardian contact us via our Contact Form or call 1-877-746-6278 and we will delete the information about the child from our files.
Consent
By using our website you consent to our use of information that is collected or submitted as described in the online Privacy Policy.
Our Commitment to Data Security
PinMart follows generally accepted industry standards and takes appropriate commercially reasonable measures to secure and protect information transmitted via or stored on the site and transmitted to and from the site. We have appropriate physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect. Nevertheless, no security system is impenetrable. PinMart cannot and does not guarantee that any information users of the site may happen to transmit or otherwise supply, or any communications, or any electronic commerce conducted on or through the site, is or will be totally secure. You agree to immediately notify PinMart of any breach of site security, this privacy policy, or the terms of use, of which you become aware. PinMart urges you to keep your password in a safe place and not to divulge it to anyone. Also, always sign off your account and close your internet browser window when you have finished your visit to the our website. This will ensure that others cannot access your account, especially if you are sharing a computer with someone else or are using a computer in a public place.
Revisions to Privacy Policy
We may update this policy at any time so we encourage you to periodically review it for the latest information on our privacy practices; we make no commitment to otherwise notify our customers of any such revisions we believe are necessary or desirable.
×
OK
Email Signup
Sign up to receive our Exclusive Offers & Promotions… save 15% on your next order!