http://www.tramcopump.com/privacy-policy/
(312) 243-5800
GO
Pumps for Any and All ApplicationsSince 1924
Privacy Policy
Contact
Tramco Pump Company
Manufacturing And Distribution Facility
1428 Sherman Road
Romeoville, IL 60446
(312) 243-5800
sales@tramcopump.com
Protecting your private information is our priority.  The Statement of Privacy applies to the https://www.tramcopump.com and TRAMCO Pump Company and governs data collection and usage.  For the purposes of the Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to TRAMCO Pump Company include https://www.tramcopump.com and TRAMCO.  The TRAMCO website is a Corporate Website.  By using the TRAMCO website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
TRAMCO may collect personally identifiable information such as your name.  We may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future.
Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by TRAMCO.  this information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website address.  This information is used for the operation of the service to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general stastics regarding the use of TRAMCO website.
TRAMCO encourages you to review the privacy statements of the websites you choose to lik to from TRAMCO so that you cna understand how those websites collect, use and share your information.  TRAMCO is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of the TRAMCO website.
Use of your Personal Information
TRAMCO collects and uses your personal information to operate its website and deliver the services you have requested.
TRAMCO may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from TRAMCO and its affiliates.  TRAMCO may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
TRAMCO does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
TRAMCO may share data with trusted partners to help perform statical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries.  All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to TRAMCO, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
TRAMCO may keep track of the websites and pages our users visit within TRAMCO, in order to determine what TRAMCO services are the most popular.  This data is used to deliver customized and content and advertising within TRAMCO to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
TRAMCO will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with the legal process served on TRAMCO or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of TRAMCO; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of the user of TRAMCO, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The TRAMCO website may use "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience.  A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize TRAMCO pages, or register with TRAMCO site or services, a cookie helps TRAMCO to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same TRAMCO website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the TRAMCO features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the TRAMCO services or websites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
To secure your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure, TRAMCO uses the following: Global Sign Security Certificate
When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol.
Children Under Thirteen
TRAMCO does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information rom children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.
Opt-Out & Unsubscribe
We respect your privacy and give you an opportunity to opt-out of receiving announcements of certain information. Users may opt-out of receiving any or all communication from TRAMCO by contacting us here:
- Web page: https://www.tramcopump.com
- Email: sales@tramcopump.com
- Phone: (312) 243-5800
Changes to this Statement
TRAMCO will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. TRAMCO encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how TRAMCO is protecting your information.
Contact Information
TRAMCO welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that TRAMCO has not adhered to this Statement, please contact TRAMCO at:
TRAMCO Pump Company
1500 West Adams Street
Chicago, IL  60607
Phone:  (312) 243-5800
Email:  sales@tramcopump.com
Newsletter
Subscribe
Contact
Tramco Pump Company
Manufacturing And Distribution Facility
1428 Sherman Road, Romeoville, IL 60446
Phone:  (312) 243-5800
Email:  sales@tramcopump.com
Follow us on FACEBOOK: Tramco Pump Company
Subscribe to our YouTube page: "Tramco Pump"
Follow us on Linkedin: Tramco Pump