https://www.eidap.com/terms-and-conditions/
Francais
Francais
English
HomePet Owner
Sign Up / Log InWhy Microchip?FAQ
Pet Professional
Sign Up / Log InISO StandardsProducts
Breeder / RescueMicrochip LookupAbout Us
EIDAPTROVANContact us
Terms and Conditions
EIDAP Inc. Terms and Conditions
Effective Date: March 30, 2020
1. Introduction
Welcome to EIDAP!
Please read the Terms and Conditions outlined in this agreement carefully as they contain important information regarding use of our website as well as your legal rights.
The website www.eidap.com is owned and operated by EIDAP Inc. By using our website, you agree to the Terms and Conditions outlined in this agreement in full. If you do not agree with our Terms and Conditions, please do not use the website. If you register with our website or buy any product from our website, we will ask you to agree with these Terms and Conditions.
Please see also our [Privacy Policy], which is not part of this agreement.
2. Use of the Website
These Terms and Conditions grant you a personal, non-exclusive, non-transferrable, revocable license to access the website. You may access the information on the website for your own personal, non-commercial use. We ask that you, or any third-party, do not reproduce, distribute, modify, republish, download or transmit any of the content on the website without EIDAP’s written consent.
3. Intellectual Property
EIDAP Inc. owns all the intellectual property and material contained on this website, including, but not limited to, information, text, graphics and images, logos, videos and trademarks. The website may also contain proprietary names or marks belonging to EIDAP as well as contain references to third-party copyrighted material, which are the property of their respective owners.
By using this website, you acknowledge that the information will be used solely for reference purposes and may not be copied, reproduced or commercially exploited in all or any part. You acknowledge that the content on this website is protected by all copyright, trademark and privacy laws. Any unauthorized or prohibited use of the information, material or intellectual property on the website, may subject you to criminal prosecution.
4. Links to Other Websites
This website may contain links to other third-party websites. These links are provided strictly as a convenience to you and not to be intended as an endorsement from EIDAP Inc. EIDAP does not review or monitor the content or services on these third-party websites and is not responsible for any content, services or policies of such websites. If you decide to visit these third-party websites it will be at your own risk.
5. No Warranties
This Website is provided “as is,” with all faults, and EIDAP Inc. makes no express or implied representations or warranties, of any kind, related to this Website or the materials contained on this Website. Additionally, nothing contained on this Website shall be construed as providing consult or advice to you.
EIDAP Inc. will make reasonable efforts to provide accurate, up-to-date information on the Website. EIDAP makes no representations or warranties about the accuracy, reliability, completeness, or timeliness of any Website materials. Additionally, EIDAP assumes no liability for any errors or omissions in any of the Website material.
Your use of the EIDAP Website is at your own risk. EIDAP Inc. does not provide any warranties, or will not be liable for, any viruses, spyware, malware, or any other harmful computer code that may be installed on your computer, resulting from use of, or download from, the EIDAP Website. You are responsible to take all the necessary precautions to ensure that any content you may obtain from this Website will not cause damage to your computer system.
6. Limitation of Liability
In no event shall EIDAP Inc. or any of its officers, directors, representatives or employees be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, special, consequential or exemplary damages, in any way related to your use of this website. You acknowledge that use of this website and submission of any information is at your own risk. In no event shall EIDAP’s total liability to you exceed the total purchase price of the product or service you purchased from EIDAP, and if no purchase has been made, EIDAP’s total liability to you shall not exceed CDN $100. EIDAP will use reasonable and responsible efforts to protect your personal information submitted on the website and will use this information in accordance with our [Privacy Policy].
7. Indemnification
You agree that you will indemnify, defend, and hold harmless EIDAP Inc., from any and all liabilities, costs, demands, losses, legal fees, causes of action, damages and expenses arising from use of this website.
8. Severability
If any provision of these Terms is found to be unenforceable or invalid under any applicable law, such unenforceability or invalidity shall not render these Terms unenforceable or invalid as a whole, and such provisions shall be deleted without affecting the remaining provisions herein.
9. Variation of Terms
EIDAP reserves the right to modify the Terms and Conditions at any time without prior notice. Your continued use of our website constitutes your acceptance of these revised Terms and Conditions. We will try to notify you of any material changes via a notice on the website or to the email associated with your account. We recommend that you review the Terms and Conditions regularly to ensure you are updated as to any changes.
10. Assignment
EIDAP Inc. shall be permitted to assign, transfer, and subcontract its rights and/or obligations under these Terms without any notification or consent required. However, you shall not be permitted to assign, transfer, or subcontract any of your rights and/or obligations under these Terms.
11. Entire Agreement
These Terms, including any legal notices and disclaimers contained on this Website, constitute the entire agreement between EIDAP Inc. and you in relation to your use of this Website, and supersede all prior agreements and understandings with respect to the same.
12. Governing Law & Jurisdiction
These Terms and Conditions will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Province of Ontario and the federal laws of Canada, excluding only its conflict of laws provision. For the resolution of any disputes, the place of jurisdiction shall be Brampton, Ontario.
Email
info@eidap.com
Social pages
© 2020 EIDAP Inc.
Privacy PolicyTerms and Conditions
×
HomePet Owner
Sign Up / Log InWhy Microchip?FAQ
Pet Professional
Sign Up / Log InISO StandardsProducts
Breeder / RescueMicrochip LookupAbout Us
EIDAPTROVANContact us
Pet Owner Log In
Pet Professional Log In