https://www.expamet.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Trusted by generations of building and construction professionals
Birtley Group
Brands
About
News
Contact
Search for:
EXPAMET
ESTABLISHED QUALITY
Expamet encompasses a wide range of products designed and manufactured in Britain and trusted by generations of construction professionals.
Windpost Quotes
Available Here
Windposts are designed to offer an alternative, cost-effective method of providing the additional stiffness that a masonry wall requires as specified by the Structural Engineer.
Request your quote here
BUILDERS METALWORK
BUILDING INDUSTRY EXPERTISE SINCE 1889
A wide range of straps, fixings, angles and brackets, wall starters, ties and reinforcement
FIND OUT MORE
PLASTERERS ACCESSORIES
BUILDING INDUSTRY EXPERTISE SINCE 1889
Arch formers and accessories, plus beads in coated or galvanized metal, stainless steel and uPVC
FIND OUT MORE
DOWNLOAD OUR BIM OBJECTS
Masonry Support Design Service
DOWNLOAD HERE
Masonry Support
Design Services
BAT Masonry Support is a range of bespoke systems designed to carry masonry cladding on steel or concrete structures.
Request a quote here
Privacy Policy
Website Privacy Notice:
The Birtley Group website privacy notice is available here.
Cookie Privacy Notice:
The Birtley Group cookie privacy notice is available here.
Job Applicant Privacy Notice:
The Birtley Group job applicant privacy notice is available here.
Part of the Birtley Group
Birtley began life as Birtley Building Products in 1965, based at the current site in County Durham. Originally a steel fabricator for the area’s mining and power generation industries, the company made its first steel lintels in 1967. Since then, Birtley has grown from reliable local supplier to a UK-wide force in construction design technology and product development.
In 1889, the British Metal Expansion Company was established in Hartlepool. It had sole European rights for the manufacture of expanded metal mesh, mainly for use as reinforcement and lath in the rapidly expanding sector of concrete construction. The business that grew from these early days later changed its name to Expamet.
Acquired by Birtley Group in 2015, Bowater Doors is a nationally-known name synonymous with top quality and imaginative composite residential door design and manufacture.
The product portfolio offers exclusive ranges for trade installers and a retail range providing doors direct to consumer and social housing organisations.
Birtley Galvanizing boasts one of the most impressive galvanizing plants in Europe. The plant achieves the finest quality hot-dip galvanized zinc protective coatings to BS EN ISO 1461. Using state-of-the-art technology the plant processes steel products using a computer controlled, automated handling system, enabling Birtley Galvanizing to provide full project solutions to many industries.
This site uses cookies to improve your experience. By using our website you agree to this.
Find out more.Ok, thanks