http://www.radamfg.com/privacy/
Privacy Policy
We Take Your Privacy Seriously
This privacy notice covers what we collect from you when you visit our website and what we do with this information once we receive it.
The Information We Collect & How We Use It
We collect information from our customers and prospective customers when they fill out a form or place an order on our site. This information includes both personal (such as name, address, phone number, and e-mail address) and financial (such as credit card number).
Order information is gathered into our customer service database that allows us to process your credit card and order. We have a third-party company that processes your credit card. Credit card information is fully encrypted and we follow PCI regulations.
Other information we gather includes page requests (URL requests), time of your visit, your IP address, operating system, Web browser software, and other non-personal information. This is used to track site usage to give us data to drive future design enhancements.
Security
We use secure connections (i.e.- “Secured Socket Layers” or “SSL”) on our web sites to protect personal information — including your credit card number — during its transmission. This is accomplished by encrypting the transmission of all data so that only your browser and our server can view it.
No credit card information is written or stored on the web server. All authorizations are done live through the SSL and then that data is encrypted on to our main server behind the security appliances. We also make use of cookies.
Cookies are small pieces of information that can be stored on your computer so we can identify you. The type of cookies we use are called “session cookies” and are not stored on your computer after you close your browser. These cookies enable us to keep track of your shopping cart.
Communications You May Receive
You will receive an e-mail confirming that your order has been received by us and again when your order ships. We may e-mail or call you with questions regarding your order, information, or assistance. We may also email you to share news or offers but you would have the opportunity to opt out should you desire.
Questions or Comments
If you have any questions or comments regarding our privacy notice, please e-mail us at CustomerService@RadaMfg.com.