http://www.apollocolours.co.uk/privacy/index.php
127 Nathan WayWest Thamesmead Business ParkLondonSE28 0AB
Tel: 44 (0) 208 854 0017
email:
Home
About Us
Products
UK Online Ordering
SCREEN INKS
Inks for Plastic 1
Inks for Plastic 2
Inks for Metal
Inks for Paper & Board
Inks for Textiles
UV Screen Inks
Speciality Inks
WATERLESS PRESS INKS
WET PLATE PRESS INKS
CREDIT CARD INKS
SECURITY INKS
SUNDRIES
Colour Chart
Contact Us
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Talk to us
If you have any requirements, please give us a call and we can discuss your needs.
Your browser does not support the video tag.
Apollo Colours Privacy Policy
WHO WE ARE
In this privacy policy references to "we", "us" and "our" are to Apollo Colours Ltd. References to "our Website" or "the Website" are to www.apollocolours.co.uk .
WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND HOW
The information we collect via the Website may include.
Any personal details you knowingly provide us with through forms and our email, such as name, address, telephone number etc.
In order to effectively process credit or debit card transactions it may be necessary for the bank or card processing agency to verify your personal details for authorisation outside the European Economic Area (EEA). Such information will not be transferred out of the EEA for any other purpose.
Your preferences and use of email updates, recorded by emails we send you (if you select to receive email updates on products and offers).
Your IP Address, this is a string of numbers unique to your computer that is recorded by our web server when you request any page or component on the Website. This information is used to monitor your usage of the Website.
Data recorded by the Website which allows us to recognise you and your preferred settings, this saves you from re-entering information on return visits to the site. Such data is recorded locally on you computer through the use of cookies. Most browsers can be programmed to reject, or warn you before downloading cookies, information regarding this may be found in your browsers 'help' facility.
WHAT WE DO WITH YOUR INFORMATION
Any personal information we collect from this website will be used in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 and other applicable laws. The details we collect will be used:
To process your order, to provide after sales service (we may pass your details to another organisation to supply/deliver products or services you have purchased and/or to provide after-sales service);
In certain cases we may use your email address to send you information on our other products and services. In such a case you will be offered the option to opt in/out before completing your purchase.
We may need to pass the information we collect to other companies for administrative purposes. We may use third parties to carry out certain activities, such as processing and sorting data, monitoring how customers use the Website and issuing our e-mails for us. Third parties will not be allowed to use your personal information for their own purposes.
YOUR RIGHTS
You have the right to request a copy of any information that we currently hold about you. In order to receive such information please send your contact details including name and address to the following address:
Privacy
Apollo Colours Ltd,
127 Nathan Way,
West Thamesmead Business Park,
London
SE28 0AB
OTHER WEBSITES
This privacy policy only covers this website. Any other websites which may be linked to by our website are subject to their own policy, which may differ from ours.
LONDON HEAD OFFICE and EXPORT
Tel: 44 (0) 208 854 0017
Fax: 44 (0) 208 316 6956
127 Nathan WayWest Thamesmead Business ParkLondonSE28 0AB
LIVERPOOL UK - SCREEN INK
Tel: 44 (0) 151 922 5665
Fax: 44 (0) 151 933 5667
Unit E4Kingfisher Business ParkHawthorne RoadBootleLiverpoolL20 6PF
BOGNOR - LITHO UK AND OVERSEAS
Tel: 44 (0) 1243 838490
Fax: 44 (0) 1243 870514
Unit 14South Bersted Industrial EstateDurham RoadBognor RegisWest SussexPO22 9QT
Home |
About |
Products |
Colour Chart |
Contact |
Terms |
Privacy
This site uses cookies and by using the site you are consenting to this. Find out why we use cookies and how to manage your settings: More about cookies
© Kingsley Internet Solutions Ltd 2015