http://www.gowandacomponentsgroup.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
PRIVACY POLICY
Effective: May 30, 2019
This Privacy Policy covers how Gowanda Components Group, its subsidiaries, and affiliates, including companies recently acquired by Gowanda Components Group treat Personal Information (as defined below) that GCG collects and received through your use of GCG websites (collectively the “GCG Site”).  By using the GCG Site you consent to the collection and use of your information in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy Only Applies to GCG
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that GCG does not own or control, or to the people that GCG does not employ or manage.
Children’s Privacy Policy
The GCG Site is not intended for use by any children, including children under the age of thirteen.  GCG does not knowingly collect Personal Information online from children under thirteen.  If you think that GCG has collected Personal Information from your child, please contact us at the address provided below.  Because GCG is committed to protecting children’s privacy online, use of the GCG Site by children under the age of thirteen is prohibited.
Use and Security of Personal Information
In addition to the uses described above, we may use your Personal Information for the following purposes:
To allow GCG to carry out its contractual obligations to you.
To make the GCG Site easier for you to use by not making you enter your Personal Information more than once.
To respond to your inquiries and to deliver services that you request or purchase and to provide you with related customer service.
To help us create and publish content and offers most relevant to you.
To send administrative information to you, such as information regarding the GCG site and changes to our terms, conditions, and policies.
To send you marketing communications that we believe may be of interest to you.
As we believe to be necessary or appropriate: (a) under applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence; (b) to comply with legal process; (c) to respond to request form public and government authorities, including public and government authorities outside your country of residence; (d) to enforce our terms and conditions; (e) to protect our operations or those of any of our affiliates; (f) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others; and (g) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
For our business purposes, such as data analysis, audits, fraud monitoring and prevention, developing new products, enhancing, improving or modifying our products and services, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and operating and expanding our business activities.
GCG strictly protects the security of your Personal Information and honors your choices for its intended use.  We carefully protect your data from loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, alteration, or destruction.
GCG takes precautions to protect our users’ information both online and offline.  Inside GCG, data is stored in password-controlled servers with limited access.  You also have a significant role in protecting your information.  Except as described in this Privacy Policy, no one can see or edit your Personal Information without knowing your login and password, so do not share these with others.
We seek to use reasonable organizational, technical and administrative measures to protect Personal Information within our organization. Unfortunately, no data transmissions or storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.  If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure (for example, if you feel that the security of your account has been compromised), please immediately notify us in accordance with the “Contact Us’ section below.
Your Personal information may be transferred to countries other than your own to process and store data in accordance with our Privacy Policy and to provide you with products and services.  Some of these countries may not have the same data protection safeguards as the country where you reside.  By using the GCG Sites, you consent to us transferring your data to these countries.
Personal Information Sharing
GCG does not rent, sell or share your Personal Information with other people or non-affiliated entities except to provide the products or services you’ve requested, when GCG has your permission, or under the following circumstances.
We provide the information to trusted third parties who work on behalf of GCG or with GCG under confidentiality agreements, including third parties who provide packaging, mailing and delivery services, answer customer questions about products or services, send postal mail, process event registrations and provide other administrative services.  These third parties may use your Personal Information to help GCG communicate with you and for other reasons.  However, these third parties do not have any independent right to share your Personal Information.
GCG also works with other vendors, partners, advertisers and other service providers in different industries and categories of business.  This may include other companies who wish to offer our registered customers information about their products and services using postal mail.
For more information regarding these third parties, please contact us at one of the Webmaster email addresses below.
GCG may disclose your Personal Information if required to do so by law, including laws outside your country of residence, or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on GCG; (b) protect and defend the rights, property, privacy and safety of GCG, our affiliates, you or others; or (c) allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain; or otherwise in response to law enforcement requests (including requests from authorities outside your country of residence).
In the event that GCG is acquired by or merged into another company, or if GCG undergoes any reorganization, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of its business, assets or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings), all information collected will be transferred to the acquiring company as one of GCG’s assets and will be governed by the acquiring company’s privacy policy, if any.
Control of your Personal Information
When you register, or otherwise give us Personal Information, GCG will not share that information with third parties without your permission, other than as stated in this Privacy Policy.
We will provide you with the means to ensure that your Personal Information is correct and current.  You may review and update the Personal Information you have provided to us at any time, by logging into your personal GCG account, and may change your marketing preferences.
Please note that we may need to retain certain information for record keeping purposes and/or to complete any transactions that you began prior to requesting a change or deletion.  There may also be residual information that will remain within our databases and other records, which will not be removed.
Visiting the GCG Site and Use of Cookies
GCG collects information from all users of the GCG Site, except as described below.  What information GCG collects and how we use it, depends upon your activity on the GCG site.
GCG and its service providers collects non-personally identifiable information from all visitors to the GCG Site, such as IP address, browser type, and the date and time a user accessed the GCG site.  We use this information for system administration purposes in order to enhance the operation of the GCG site and make it more useful to visitors.
GCG uses cookies.  A cookies is a small amount of data placed on your computer or device.  We use both session ID cookies and persistent cookies.  A session cookie terminates automatically after you close your browser.  A persistent cookie remains on your computer or device, but can be removed by following the directions on your browser and/or mobile operating system.  You can set your browser to disable cookies, but this may prevent you from enjoying all of the features of the GCG Site.
We use cookies to deliver content that is specific to your interests, to streamline the login process, and to collect anonymous user traffic data.  The cookies make your use of the GCG Site easier, may allow you to retrieve an earlier shopping cart, make the GCG Site run more smoothly, and helps us to maintain the security of the GCG Site.  We also use cookies to understand how the Site is used so that GCG can improve the Site and resolve questions about them.
If you choose to not have your browser or device accept cookies from the GCG Site, you will be able to view the text on the screens, however you will not experience the personalized visit nor will you be able to subscribe to the service offerings on the GCG Site.  Your Shopping Cart will also not remember items added but not checked out.
We may use pixel tags (also known as web beacons and clear GIFs) to, among other things, track the actions of users of the GCG Site (including email recipients), measure hte success of our marketing campaigns and compile statistics about use of the GCG site and response rates.
We use the Google AdWords remarketing service on some GCG Sites to advertise on third party websites (including Google) to previous visitors to those GCG Sites. It could mean that we advertise to previous visitors who haven’t completed a task on our Sites, for example using the contact form to make an inquiry. This could be in the form of an advertisement on the Google search results page, or a site in the Google Display Network. Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on someone’s past visits to the website. Of course, any data collected will be used in accordance with our own privacy policy and Google’s privacy policy. You can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Preferences page, and if you want to you can opt out of interest-based advertising entirely by cookie settings or permanently using a browser plugin.
We may use and disclose information that does not personally identify you for any purpose, except where we are required to do otherwise under applicable law. In some instances, we may combine such information with Personal Information. If we do, we will treat the combined information as Personal Information as long as it is combined.
GCG also collects Personal Information from users of the GCG Site as described further above.
Notification of Changes to this Privacy Policy
GCG may occasionally update this Privacy Policy. When we do, we will also revise the Privacy Policy Version Date at the top of the Privacy Policy. Any changes will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on the GCG Site. Your continued use of the GCG Site after such changes have been posted shall constitute your assent to be bound by these changes.
Contact Us
You may use the contact information below if you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy or your dealings with the GCG Sites.
Gowanda Components Group
Attn: Web Master
One Magnetics Parkway
P.O. Box 111
Gowanda, NY 14070 U.S.A