http://www.qsrmagazine.com/legal
Skip to main content
Continue to Site
Legal
Bipartisan Leaders Offer $908B Stimulus Without Direct Aid to Restaurants There is no guarantee it will pass.
DoorDash to Pay $2.5 Million to Settle Lawsuit over Tipping Policy The company was accused of misleading consumers over a two-year period
More Former Black Operators Accuse McDonald’s of DiscriminationNearly 300 stores are now involved in the lawsuit.
What Biden’s Win Could Mean for Restaurant LaborWorkplace law was on the ticket, as always.
McDonald’s Denies Racial Allegations Made by Black Former Operators
McDonald’s asked a federal court Friday to dismiss a lawsuit accusing it of racial discrimination against Black operators, citing the claims have no merit.
Trump Halts Restaurants' Attempt to Receive Stimulus Funding
President Donald Trump ended stimulus negotiations with Democrats Tuesday, effectively killing the restaurant industry’s chance at direct funds before the election.
How Does Recent Court Decision Affect Joint Employer Laws?
In a ruling that could have a wide-reaching impact on business sectors, including the restaurant industry,
Former McDonald’s CEO Argues He Should Keep Severance
Ousted McDonald’s CEO Steve Easterbrook said he deserves to keep his severance package because he hasn’t violated the terms of the agreement, according to court documents.
McDonald’s Joint Employer Case Investigated for Potential Conflict of Interest
The U.S.
The ‘Joint Employer’ Saga Resurfaces for Franchisors
In a potential blow to franchisors, a federal judge struck down a U.S. Department of Labor ruling Tuesday that narrowed the liability of franchisors.
Former Black McDonald’s Franchisees File $1 Billion Lawsuit
McDonald’s is being sued by 52 Black former franchisees who allege the fast-food giant pushed them toward poorer neighborhoods and didn’t provide the same opportunities as their white c
McDonald’s: Easterbrook’s Claims Have ‘No Legal Merit’
The fast-food chain argues that the former CEO should be held responsible in court.
McDonald’s Investigating HR and Claims Ex-CEO Covered Up for Others
Amid a legal battle against former CEO Steve Easterbrook, McDonald’s
Lawsuit Says Chipotle Short-Changed Cash-Paying Customers
A class-action lawsuit in Pennsylvania is accusing Chipotle of not giving the right amount of change to customers.
Load More
Recent News
Papa John’s and MTN DEW Partner for Video Game Showdown
Buffalo’s Cafe Unveils Winter LTO Menu
Bruster’s Real Ice Cream Introduces New Festive Treats
Steak ‘n Shake Launches Merchandise and Apparel Line
Charleys Philly Steaks Opens at American Dream Mall in New Jersey
Santa and the Grinch Get Their Own McDonald's Meals this Holiday Season
Subscribe to A.M. Jolt
The five times weekly e-newsletter that keeps you up-to-date on the latest industry news and additions to this website.
Smart Chain Reports
Pack It Up
Breakfast Boom or Bust?
Speciality Beverages
PCI Compliance
POS Solutions
Safety and Security
Drive-Thru Solutions
Digital Signage
OneSource
Find restaurant equipment and suppliers.
Start Now!