https://www.auraphoto.com/privacy
Skip to content
Privacy Policyadmin2019-07-18T09:00:21+00:00
Privacy Policy
Aura Imaging, Inc., its parents, subsidiaries and/or affiliates (collectively, “Aura Imaging” or “We”/“Us”/“Our”), respect Your privacy and recognize the importance of the responsible collection, use and storage of information obtained during Your use of the Website and/or the Services.  This Privacy Policy (together with the documents referred to in it) (the “Privacy Policy”) informs You about how We use Your personal data collected through Your use of Our websites, http://www.auraphoto.com (collectively, the “Website”), and/or any products or services offered by Us (the “Services”). This Privacy Policy applies to all users of the Website and/or the Services (collectively “You”/”Your”), including all visitors to the Website.
The Website and the Services are operated by Aura Imaging, a California corporation with a mailing address at 11620 Wilshire Blvd., FL 9, Los Angeles, CA 90025.
Please review this Privacy Policy in detail.  In addition, please review Our Cookie Policy (http://www.auraphoto.com/cookie-policy/ and Our Terms and Conditions of Use http://www.auraphoto.com/terms), which govern Your use of Our Website and/or Services (as such terms are defined in Our Terms and Conditions of Use), and which are incorporated herein by reference.
Specifically, this Privacy Policy tells You:
Why We gather information about visitors to Our Website and users of Our Services;What type of information We gather;What is Our Privacy Policy and where to find out about Our Cookie Policy;How We learn about visitors to Our Website and users of Our Services;How We protect what We know about visitors to Our Website and users of Our Services;How We use information gathered from Website visitors and users of Our Services and what types of third-parties with whom We may share such information;How We use information gathered from Website visitors and users of Our Services for Our own marketing purposes;What privacy issues arise with links to other websites;How You may review or request changes to Your personal information;How We will notify You of any material changes to Our Privacy Policy;How to contact You or Us for information or to make a complaint;
Why We Gather Information About You
We need to know some personal information about You to facilitate purchase orders, shipments, user-requested e-mails and newsletters, maintenance of Our Website, and efficiency and effectiveness of Our Services, all to better serve You.  We may also need information from You and others to help Us verify Your identity in order to prevent fraud and ensure security.
What Type of Information We Gather
We may collect and process the following data from and about visitors to Our Website and users of Our Services:
Information collected as part of any registration or interaction with the Website or the Services, through information collection forms, including purchase order forms, or provided to Us in meetings, correspondence or over the telephone.  This includes information included within comments that You submit via the Website.  The typical information We collect may include Your name, e-mail address, phone number, mailing address, company name, job title and other relevant contact details;Demographic information, such as information about Your age, gender, zip code, industry sector or income level.  We may collect this information in connection with certain user-requested promotions, user-requested email subscription lists, when You otherwise provide such information to Us voluntarily, or other various forms in various places;Information collected as part of Your visits to the Website and/or use of the Services, including cookie or other tracking information;Details of Your use of products or services used in connection with the Website and/or the Services.Details of any e-mail correspondence or any other social media interactions that You have with Us;Aggregate Data.  In general, the Website automatically gathers certain usage information about the numbers and frequency of visitors to the Website.  We use such data only in the aggregate.  This collected data helps Us to determine how many visitors use parts of the Website and/or Services, so We can improve the Website and/or Services for Your use.  In addition, We may collect and aggregate non-personally identifiable data, provided by and collected from users of the Services during provision of the Services in order to improve the Services and assist with Our other internal business and/or marketing efforts;IP Address.  We may collect and track traffic by IP address.  An IP address is a number assigned to Your computer or other device when You use Your browser on the Internet.  We log this information, but this information is not linked to any personally identifying information.  It is used to determine the number of visitors to the Website;Information from Social Media.  If You access or log-in to Our Services through a social media service or connect Our Services to a social media service, the information We collect may also include Your user ID and/or user name associated with that social media service, any information or content You have permitted the social media service to share with Us, such as Your profile picture, email address or friends lists, and any information You have made public in connection with that social media service.  When You access Our Services through social media services or when You connect Our Services to social media services, You are authorizing Us to collect, store and use such information and content in accordance with this Privacy Policy;Internet-Based Advertising.  We may allow third-party advertising networks to serve ads on Our behalf across the Internet and/or through Our Services.  To do this, they will collect anonymous information about Your visits to Our Website, which may include such things as age, gender and Your interaction with Our Services.  They may also use information about Your visits to other websites to target advertisements.  These targeted advertisements may appear on other sites that You visit.  We also utilize remarketing with Google Analytics to advertise online.  This anonymous information is collected through the use of a cookie, pixel tag, or similar technology.  To learn more about Internet-based advertising, please visit the Digital Advertising Alliance’s website at http://www.aboutads.info/choices or the Network Advertising Initiative website at http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices
What is Our Cookie Policy
Please click here (http://www.auraphoto.com/cookie-policy) for further information on Our Cookie Policy.
How We Learn About You
We collect information You provide directly to Us.  We collect such information when You fill out a form, sign up for an e-mail list to receive e-mail messages, updates and newsletters, request information or otherwise communicate with Us.  To provide such services at Your request, We may collect Your name, e-mail address, postal mailing address, phone number and other basic information required to perform the requested services.
You may choose whether or not to provide personal information to Us.  If You choose not to provide the personal information We request, You may not be able to access or use portions of the Website and/or some of the Services.  If You choose to have a contractual or other business relationship with Us, You will be required to provide personal information in connection with such relationship.
How We Protect What We Know About You
We treat what We know about You confidentially, and We take care in handling Your information.  To prevent the unauthorized access, disclosure, loss, alteration or destruction of data, to maintain data accuracy, and to ensure the correct use of information, We strive to maintain physical, electronic, and administrative safeguards to secure the information We collect.  The information We collect from You is stored on host servers of our third-party business partners located in the United States.  We and Our affiliated, third-party, business partners incorporate commercially reasonable safeguards to help protect and secure Your personal data.  However, no transmission or electronic storage of information can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.  You acknowledge that Your use of the Website and/or the Services and the information You provide to Us is at Your own risk.
How We Use What We Know About You and Categories of Third-Parties with whom We May Share Your Information
We may use anything We know about You to help Us serve You better.  We use it and disclose it to others only to the extent legally authorized.  We may use the information that We collect about You:
to improve the Website, its content and/or the Services, to customize Your experience on the Website and/or the Services, or to provide You with specific content that is most relevant to You;to contact You with regard to Your use of the Website and/or the Services and, in Our discretion, to make changes to the Website, the Services or their policies;for Our own internal business purposes;for the purposes disclosed at the time You provide Your information, or as otherwise set forth in this Privacy Policy;to provide You with information, products or services or to process transactions that You have requested or agreed to receive, including sending to You, products, equipment, support, direct mail, electronic newsletters or providing You with informational, marketing or other materials;to enable You to participate in various features of the Website and/or to use the Services;to process Your requests for certain Services, including purchases, shipments, customer support, e-mail list and newsletter subscription requests, and to verify that Your information is active and valid;to ensure that content on the Website and/or provided to you through Your use of the Services is presented in the most effective manner for You;to provide You with information relating to any events held by Us, where You have consented to be contacted for such purposes; to provide You with access to the personal information We collect from You; andfor Our own advertising and market research purposes in order to help make the Website and/or the Services more effective, interesting and/or useful to You.for Our third party affiliates’ advertising and market research purposes, transferred at our discretion.
We may share Your information to the extent legally authorized with third-party entities such as law enforcement or government entities as deemed necessary in order to:
help Us prevent fraud, money laundering, and other crimes by verifying what We know about You;audit Our business;comply with current or future government regulations, including any such regulations for which You may not have received notice from the respective government agency.
Other than indicated above or in Our Cookie Policy, We do not share any of Your personally identifiable information with third-parties.
A Note To Parents and Children 13 and Younger
We recognize the importance of protecting the privacy of children.  We support and comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”) and other laws.  Our Website and Services are not intended for, nor directed at, children under the age of 13.  We ask that those 13 years of age or less, not use Our Website or Services.  We do not accept registration from children under the age of 13.  No personally identifiable information is purposefully or knowingly collected from children under the age of 13 by Us, Our Website or Our Services, without parental consent.  We expect all information provided by online users to be truthful and correct regarding age and other information provided.  If You are under 13 years of age, please do not submit any personally identifiable information to Us or use any portion of Our Services without first providing to Us explicit parental consent.
How We Use Your Information for Our Own Marketing Purposes
We may use Your data to contact You by electronic means (e-mail) or direct mail, if requested by You, with information about products, events and services which may be of interest to You.  We will provide You with an opportunity to opt-out from this should You not wish to continue to receive such information at any time.
We will not distribute Your information to third-parties in any manner not identified in this Privacy Policy or Our Cookie Policy.  To the extent We need to transfer any personal information to a third-party in accordance with this Privacy Policy and/or Cookie Policy, We will ensure that Our agreement with the third-party provides that such personal information may be used only for the limited and specified purposes consistent with the consent You provided, that the third-party will provide at least the same level of protection as We provide, and will notify Us if it determines that it can no longer meet this obligation.
What Privacy Issues Arise with Links to Other Sites?
Our Website may contain links to other, non-Aura Photowebsites.  We have no control over and are not responsible for the privacy policies or contents of such sites, or the products and/or services offered and/or provided through such sites.
What About Your Own User-Generated Content?
We may permit You to submit ideas, writings, questions, comments, suggestions or other content, including personal information (collectively, “User Content”).  PLEASE BE AWARE THAT SUCH COMMUNICATIONS ARE NOT CONFIDENTIAL.  We may reproduce, publish, distribute or otherwise use User Content online or offline in any media or format (currently existing or hereafter developed).  Please consider carefully before deciding to share information, including personal data, in connection with any User Content.  We are not responsible for the accuracy, use or misuse of User Content.  Please review Our Terms and Conditions of Use for further information on how We use User Content collected via Your use of Our Website and/or Services and your rights related to such User Content.
Social Media Sharing
Our Services may offer social sharing feature or other integrated tools, which let You share actions You take via the Services with other media, and vice versa.  The use of such features enables the sharing of information with Your friends or the public, depending on the settings You establish with the third-party that provides the social sharing feature.  The fact that We link to or provide integrated tools for sharing with social media sites is not an endorsement, authorization or representation of Our affiliation with that social media site, nor is it an endorsement of their privacy or information security policies or practices.
If You connect Our Services to a social media service, the information We collect may also include Your user ID and/or user name associated with that social media service, any information or content You have permitted the social media service to share with Us, such as Your profile picture, e-mail address or friends lists, and any User Content You have made public in connection with that social media service.  When You connect Our Services to social media services, You are authorizing Us to collect, store, and use such information and content in accordance with this Privacy Policy.  By connecting social media services to Our Services, You are authorizing Us to share information We collect from and about You with the social media service provider, other users and Your friends, and You understand that the social media service’s use of the shared information will be governed by the social media service’s privacy policy.   If You do not want Your personal information shared in this way, please do not connect Your social media service account with Our Services and do not participate in social sharing in connection with Our Services.
How You May Review or Request Changes to Your Personal Information
We will take reasonable steps to ensure that all personal information that We collect is maintained by Us in the same form as submitted to Us, so that it is accurate, complete, current and reliable for its intended purposes, which may include payment processing, product shipments, customer support, customer relations, compliance and legal considerations, auditing, security and fraud prevention, and preserving or defending Our rights. You may send updates, corrections and requests to remove Your personal information to info@auraphoto.com, and We will make reasonable efforts to incorporate the changes to Your personal information that We hold as soon as practicable.  In addition, upon request, We will provide You with access to any of Your personal information We have collected.  You may cancel or modify any communications that You have elected to receive, such as e-mails, newsletters, etc., by following the unsubscribe instructions contained within the applicable communication medium.  We will retain Your personal information only for as long as it is necessary for the purposes identified in this Privacy Policy.
About the Privacy Policy and How We Will Notify You of Any Material Changes in the Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy may be accessed on any home page of Our Website.  We reserve the right to modify the Privacy Policy at any time.  If We make material changes to the Privacy Policy, We will notify You by means of a notice posted on the home page of Our Website.
Your California Privacy Rights:  Shine the Light
California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the “Shine The Light” law, permits users of Our Website and/or Services who are California residents to request and obtain from Us once a year, free of charge, information about the personally identifiable information (if any) We disclosed to third-parties for those third-parties own direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year.  If applicable, this information would include a list of the categories of personal information that was shared and the names and addresses of all third-parties with which We shared information in the immediately preceding calendar year.  If You are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit Your request in writing to:
Aura Imaging, Inc.
Attn: Privacy Service
11620 Wilshire Blvd., FL 9
Los Angeles, CA 90025
Please be aware that not all information sharing is covered by the “Shine the Light” requirements and only information on covered sharing will be included in Our response.  Also note that under California law, businesses are only required to respond to any such request once during any calendar year
Data Protection Laws
Our Services are intended for use by individuals located in the United States.  If You are a user located outside of the United States, You understand and consent to having any personal information processed in the United States.  United States data protection and other relevant laws may not be the same as those in Your jurisdiction.  This includes the use of cookies and other tracking technologies as described above.  As a result, please read this Privacy Policy and Our Cookie Policy with care.
How to Contact Us for Information Or To Make a Complaint:
If We need to contact You, We will do so by any available method, including without limitation, by mail, sent to the mailing address provided by You, or by e-mail, sent to the e-mail address provided by You.  You must notify Us if You change Your mailing address, e-mail address or other contact information.
If You wish to contact Us for any further information or to make a privacy complaint, please send an e-mail to info@auraphoto.com.
Effective Date: July 15, 2019