http://www.neuhaus.be/en/online-boutique/help--advice/personal-message/
We use cookies to give you the best possible service on our site. By continuing to use the site you consent to our use of cookies.
Click here to find out more.
Order in time for Christmas and enjoy free shipping from 45€ to 19 EU countries | Due to rush times, delivery can take longer
Order in time for Christmas and enjoy free shipping from 45€ to 19 EU countries
Loading...
Added to Shoppingbasket
Go to Shoppingbasket
Shipping to
Austria
Belgium
Bulgaria
Croatia
Czech Republic
Denmark
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Italy
Luxembourg
Netherlands
Portugal
Romania
Slovakia
Spain
Sweden
United Kingdom
United States
Neuhaus
Assortment
Help & Advice
Personal message
Add your personal touch
You can add a personal touch to all your gifts.
You are able to select the perfect gift for an occasion and add your personal gift message while you enter the address details of the recipient in the checkout.
You might also like:
Coffee & Pralines Origin box
(24 chocolates)
28,50 €
Inspired by the longstanding Belgian tradition when it comes to coffee and chocolate, our Maître Chocolatier has developed the Neuhaus Coffee & Pralines Collection with six contemporary Belgian chocolate pralines that pair perfectly with coffee.
The Coffee & Pralines Origin box contains 24 chocolates for 8 delicious coffee moments.
Add to basket
Neuhaus Collection Discovery
(25 chocolates)
30,50 €
A selection of 25 timeless Neuhaus chocolates. A contemporary, colourful and luxurious gift box hand-filled with pralinés, ganaches and caramels.
Add to basket
Neuhaus Timeless Masterpieces Ballotin 500g
(+/- 37 chocolates - 500gr)
38,00 €
+
Best seller
The Timeless Masterpieces assortment ballotin comprises a broad range of Neuhaus chocolates, including a selection of our iconic chocolates hand-filled with fresh cream, as well as a selection of praliné, ganache and gianduja fillings.
Add to basket