https://www.dairybusiness.com/privacy-policy/
December 11, 2020
Current News
[ December 10, 2020 ]
NNYADP Dairy Calf Diarrhea Pathogens Research Part of Dairy Days Webinar Series; Learn Results on January 15
DHIA
[ December 10, 2020 ]
DCRC webinar addresses dairy cattle stressors, impact on health and fertility
All Breeds Blog
[ December 10, 2020 ]
GENYOUth Partnership Sets Goal To Deliver 100 Million Meals to Combat School Hunger
DHIA
[ December 10, 2020 ]
Miner Institute names 2020-21 Flanagan scholarship recipients
DHIA
[ December 10, 2020 ]
Troubleshooting Herd Health Issues on Your Dairy
All Breeds Blog
[ December 10, 2020 ]
Elanco picks Indiana for global headquarters
DHIA
[ December 10, 2020 ]
DMI’s Joanna Hunter talks about reaching millions of Gen Z youth with dairy’s sustainability message
All Breeds Blog
Search for:
HomePrivacy Policy and Terms of Use
DairyBusiness News is committed to protecting your privacy and the confidentiality of your personal information. This document contains the detailed information related to the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information. The terms of this policy apply to all personal data collected by DairyBusiness News and placed on dairybusiness.com websites.
Terms and Intent. DairyBusiness provides daily news from around the world as it applies to the dairy industry. Our intent is to give our readers the information they need to be more productive and informed in the industry. Many of the news and articles we provide are clips from news sources that are published globally. The content of these articles and news items are not necessarily the opinion of DairyBusiness. We simply try to inform our audience of the leading topics in the world of dairy each day.
1. Client Consent for Collection of Personal Information
1.1. By visiting DairyBusiness News site, you consent to the use and disclosure of some types of non-personal data, which can be identified and collected automatically (cookie files). We notify our clients about the usage of cookies on our website. Clients can allow cookies or disable them in their browser. If cookies are enabled, you consent to the collection and use of your information and allow us to manage automatically collected data (cookies) as set out in this privacy policy.
1.2. When registering on DairyBusiness News site and providing your personal information to us, we ask you to confirm your consent. This is a required action to complete any form on our website.
Information will be collected when you confirm your consent before you place the order, register for a personal account, start a product free trial, use an online chat or an operator-assisted call, subscribe to a newsletter, receive news, receive emails or fill out any other forms on the site may include: your full name, email address, billing address and/or postal address, contact phone number, the number of the purchased templates, the Transaction ID on DairyBusiness News.
DairyBusiness News collects data about the products that you have browsed on our website or have added to the shopping cart. This data is collected only for users who agreed their data being processed and stored to receive the newsletter.
1.3. By providing one’s personal data, the client agrees to their processing (till the moment of revocation of the client consent for collection of personal information) by DairyBusiness News, which is performed to execute DairyBusiness News`s and/or its partners’ obligations to the customer, which include selling goods and providing services and general information, as well as promotion of goods and services. The client also agrees to receive advertising, informational, and server messages. When processing any kind of clients` personal data, DairyBusiness News is guided by the Federal Trade Commission Act, the Electronic Communications Privacy Act, the Federal Communications Commission, General Data Protection Regulation and local regulatory documents.
Please note that we do not collect credit card or other payment data because payment gateways will be used to process your order without saving information on our website.
You may always choose not to provide your personal information, but if you choose so, the offered products and services may not be available to you.
2. Use of Your Personal Information
After DairyBusiness News gets your approval, we collect your personal data in order to:
Register/authorize the client on DairyBusiness News;
Process the client`s orders and transactions;
Provide download links for free materials such as news, relevant information, email, etc;
Provide products free trial;
Run contests, invite the participants, and choose the winners;
Analyze individual purchase preferences of the clients and provide personal recommendations and special offers accordingly;
Enhance customer’s participation in the loyalty program, assist customers in getting their bonuses;
Inform clients about promotions, discounts and special offers that might be of interest for them through emails and calls;
Provide technical support;
Use personalized advertisements and display the site content taking into account the client’s interests and preferences;
Contact the clients for informational purposes.
As you agree to receive information from us, we may send you transaction-related information, such as welcome letters, billing reminders, and purchase confirmations. We may also send you surveys or marketing inquiries to inform you about new products, services, offers or other information that may be of your interest.
How long do we keep the data?
We retain your personal information for as long as is necessary to provide the services to you and others, and to comply with our legal obligations. If you request the erasure of your personal information we can retain information from deleted accounts as necessary for our legitimate business interests, to comply with the law, prevent fraud, collect fees, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, assist with investigations, enforce the terms of service and take other actions permitted by law.
3. Right To Erasure (‘Right To Be Forgotten’)
Every client is able to use the ‘right to be forgotten’. If the client wants to clarify, hide or delete his/her personal information because it is incomplete, outdated, inaccurate or is not necessary for the stated purpose of processing, also due to the client’s request for the revocation of the client consent for collection of personal information or due to his/her will to eliminate illegal actions related to his/her personal information by DairyBusiness News, the client must send an official request to dbsales@dairybusiness.com. He/she can also unsubscribe from the mailing list(s) manually in any given email.
An immediate client refuse to receive service messages and notifications may be impossible due to the technical reasons.Taking into account the functionalities and peculiarities of the mailing system, the client may receive some kinds of messages from DairyBusiness News within 7 days after the unsubscription.
If the client wants to delete his account on the site, he/she has to contact DairyBusiness News representatives at dbsales@dairybusiness.com and make a request.
4. Disclosure of Your Personal Information
Except as set out in this privacy policy, DairyBusiness News does not disclose or sell your personal information to any third parties.
4.1. DairyBusiness News administration undertakes to provide maximum safety and never to disclose any private or confidential information provided by the clients to third parties. Disclosure of information by DairyBusiness News to third parties is not considered to be a violation of the privacy policy if it is performed on the basis of any additional agreements related to the distribution of some additional services to the client. For instance, we can hire third-party companies to process payments, store data, host sites, fulfill orders and deliveries, to provide additional marketing, auditing, and other services. We will share your personal data with third parties only in the ways and amount that is necessary for service provision. Third-party vendors are committed to protecting clients personal information, to the same extent as DairyBusiness News. Third parties have no right to use your personal data for any other purposes. Any transfer of data about the clients in an impersonal form for the purpose of evaluation and analysis of the site performance, customers` buying behavior, and general recommendations by DairyBusiness News can not be reported as a violation of the client’s privacy policy.
4.2. Any transfer of client`s information that was performed due to the request of the authorized representatives of the competent local authorities or authorized officials of the government body in accordance with the Federal laws can not be reported as a violation of the client’s privacy policy.
4.3. DairyBusiness News has the right to use cookies. We notify our clients about the usage of cookies on our website. Clients can allow cookies or disable them in their browser. Cookies are not shared with any third parties.
4.4. DairyBusiness News receives information about the visitor`s demographic data (such as occupation, hobbies or interests, gender) from the referring websites. This information is not used for personal identification.
4.5. DairyBusiness News is not responsible for the information published by its clients as available to the public format.
4.6. DairyBusiness News takes necessary and sufficient organizational and technical measures to protect your personal information from unauthorized access, as well as from other illegal actions directed towards it.
We reserve the right to disclose your personal information if required or permitted to do so by the law, judicial procedure and/or on the basis of public or governmental authority requests.
5. Security of Your Personal Information
5.1. The security of your personal information is important to us. We follow generally accepted industry standards to help protect your personal information including but not limited to:
Limiting access to your personal information to those of our employees who are not directly related to the provision of services;
Requiring employees to sign confidentiality agreements to protect customers` privacy and confidential information;
Ensuring that third-party service providers sign confidentiality agreements to maintain the security of your personal information and are prohibited to use it for any unauthorized purposes;
Storage of your personal information in secure computer systems which protect it from unauthorized access or use.
5.2. DairyBusiness News undertakes not to disclose the client’s login and password used for registration and identification on DairyBusiness News website or email program to any third parties.
5.3 DairyBusiness News undertakes to ensure due diligence in the storage and use of the client’s login and password (including but not limited to the usage of licensed antivirus software, safe use of computers or other equipment with the client’s login and password in order to prevent their use by any third parties, etc.)
5.4. DairyBusiness News has the right not to change the client’s password on the client`s request if the client cannot provide a reliable contact phone number, answer to his/her security question or other details. These precautionary measures are taken to preserve the client’s personal data security and to prevent any way of hacking the client’s personal account or getting unauthorized access to the client’s site.
No method of transmission over the Internet or electronic storage of information is completely secure. Therefore, we strive to protect your personal information, but cannot fully guarantee its security.
6. Cookies
DairyBusiness News uses cookies on its websites. DairyBusiness News can collect certain information about the client using his/her browser or mobile device cookies. Cookies are small text files that store information directly on the user’s computer, one`s mobile phone or other devices and are used for record-keeping purposes. With the help of cookies, the web server can save personal settings and preferences on the user’s computer, mobile phone or another device, and automatically restore them on the next visit. Cookies are designed to improve user experience and to provide the most relevant information to the client, for example, information about the recently viewed products, special services and offers for a particular geographic location or age group, etc.
Google Analytics
DairyBusiness News uses Google Analytics to track and analyze website visits and usage. To track the information about users, Google Analytics creates a unique User ID when a user is authenticated and logged in.
On Behalf of DairyBusiness News, Google Analytics tracks users flow, location by country, language, browser and operating system, internet service provider and devices used to access DairyBusiness.com. DairyBusiness.com tracks this information to improve service to its clients.
To opt-out of Analytics for the web, visit the Google Analytics opt-out page and install the add-on for your browser. The installation and uninstallation of the add-on may vary for different browsers. Please get acquitted with the relevant help resources for the browser that you are using.
Display Advertising
DairyBusiness News has implemented Display Advertising and uses Remarketing with Google Analytics and Advertising Tools to advertise online.
If you want to opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising, just customize Google Display Network ads using the Ads Settings or using Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on that will instruct the Google Analytics JavaScript not to send any information about the website visit to Google Analytics.
In order to turn off personalized ad tracking on Bing, you need to opt out of customized ads on all Microsoft sites and partners (such as AOL). To do this, go to choice.microsoft.com.
Use AdBlock to turn-off any advertising on your browser.
Social Media
Social sharing, social login and other social media services that we offer are run by other companies. These companies may drop cookies on your computer when you use them on our site or if you are already logged in to them.
The cookies we use serve to improve the performance and enhance your user experience.
The clients have the right to reject cookies on the devices they use. Learn how to disable cookies: Chrome, Firefox, Safari.
Changes in this Privacy Policy
The date of the latest update is placed at the top of this document. The fact that you use our site after the amendment of the privacy policy will indicate your consent to the collection, use of your personal information and its transfer to third parties in accordance with the latest edition of the privacy policy. We encourage you to review this privacy policy statement whenever you visit our website.
Copyright 2020 DairyBusiness, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Weekly Email Dairy News
An email sent every Wednesday morning containing the week’s top dairy news. It is free and we do NOT share your information.
Get the latest from DairyBusiness
Name *
Email *
Your Business
Select…Please select your business typeDairy Farm/Milk ProductionCalf or Heifer RaiserBovine VeterinarianIndependent NutritionistEducator/Extension/Dairy OfficialDairy Farm SupplierOther
Subscribe
CLOSE
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok