http://www.ridesnowboards.com/privacy-policy
ORDER BY 12/14 FOR CHRISTMAS DELIVERY
PRIVACY POLICY
Updated October 2nd, 2020
THANK YOU FOR YOUR INTEREST IN OUR HOMEPAGE AND OUR COMPANY. THIS WEBSITE IS OPERATED BY:
K2 Sports Europe GmbH
Seeshaupter Str. 62, 82377 Penzberg
Fax: +49 8856-901-101
Email: datenschutz@k2sports.de
Information to be provided where personal data are collected from the data subject Art. 13 of the GDPR.
Bitte Lesen Sie unsere Datenschutz auf Deutsch
For the use of the website, the delivery of goods or the provision of services, we collect various types of data, some of which are provided by you as a user and some of which are necessary for the use of the website or arise from the use of the website. Personal data are individual details about personal or professional circumstances of a specific or identifiable natural person, such as your name, your address, your telephone number, your date of birth, your payment data and your IP address. Your personal data will only be passed on or otherwise transferred to third parties if the transfer is necessary for the purpose of contract processing (for example for payment processing or sending goods via parcel service) or if you have given your express consent. The information is not used for any other purpose and no automatic decision processing will take place.
If we use contracted service providers for individual functions of our offers via this website or would like to use your data for advertising purposes, we will inform you in detail about the respective processes below. We also specify the defined criteria for the storage period.
The following data protection principles apply to the use of our website and other services offered through it (e.g. contact form, registration, shop):
We protect your personal data by taking all reasonable and necessary technical and organizational possibilities so that they are not accessible to unauthorized third parties. Our website and other services offered through it therefore use appropriate encryption mechanisms for the provision of content and during the input and transmission of data. When communicating by e-mail, we also recommend the use of encryption for confidential information
Person responsible in the meaning of. Art. 4 Para. 7 General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) is K2 Sports Europe GmbH, Seeshaupter Str. 62, 82377 Penzberg (see also via “Imprint” at our Website). You can contact the person responsible for data protection at datenschutz@k2sports.de or via our postal address with the addition “Data Protection”.
Your personal data will only be passed on to third parties,
if you have given your express consent pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 a) DSGOV;
if the transfer is necessary for the fulfilment of contractual obligations pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 b) DSGVO;
if we are legally obliged to pass on the data within the meaning of Art. 6 Par. 1 S. 1 c) DSGVO;
if the disclosure of the data is in the public interest within the meaning of Art. 6 para. 1 e) DSGVO or;
if the disclosure of data pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 f) DSGVO is necessary to protect our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of a third party, provided that your interests in the protection of your data do not prevail.
If you send us e-mail messages or other messages, in particular comments, or enter them directly on the Website, we will retain such messages in order to process the request, respond to questions and improve the Website, products and services. We delete the data arising in this context after the storage is no longer necessary or limit the processing if statutory retention obligations exist.
If you provide feedback (for example on the Website), we may use and disclose this feedback for any purpose, as long as we do not provide it with your personal data, i.e. anonymously or pseudonymously. The collection of data contained in such feedback and the handling of all personal data contained therein is in accordance with the data protection principles set out herein.
You have the right to ask about your personal data free of charge at any time. Furthermore, you have the right at any time to revoke your consent to the use of your personal data with effect for the future and to request correction or deletion of the data stored by us. In particular, you have the following rights towards us with regard to the personal data related to you:
Right to access information,
Right to correction or erasure,
Right to limitation of processing,
Right of withdrawal of the consent to processing,
Right to data transferability.
You also have the right to complain to a data protection supervisory authority about our processing of your personal data. You have the following individual rights:
Right to information pursuant to Art. 15 GDPR on the processing of your personal data by us for processing purposes, categories of processed data, recipients or categories of recipients, duration of storage or criteria for determining the duration, right to correction, deletion, restriction of processing or objection to processing, right of appeal to the supervisory authority, information on the origin of the data where applicable and the existence of automated decision-making and, where applicable, information on guarantees pursuant to Art. 46 GDPR in the event of transfer to a third country or international organisations;
Right to immediate correction of incorrect or incomplete personal data in accordance with Art. 16 GDPR;
Right to erasure of the personal data stored pursuant to Article 17 GDPR if the data are no longer necessary for the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed, if a consent granted has been revoked and there is no other legal basis, if opposition to the processing has been lodged and the data pursuant to Article 17 GDPR is no longer required. 21 para. 1 or 2 GDPR may no longer be processed if the data were processed unlawfully, if deletion is necessary to fulfil a legal obligation or if the data were collected in relation to information society services offered in accordance with Art. 8 para. 1 GDPR. This does not apply if the processing is necessary to exercise the right to freedom of expression and information, to fulfil a legal obligation, for reasons of public interest or to assert, exercise or defend legal claims;
The right to restrict processing in accordance with Article 18 GDPR, if you dispute the accuracy of the data (for the period necessary to verify their accuracy), if the processing is unlawful but you refuse to delete the data and instead request the restriction of use, if we no longer need the data for the purposes of processing but you need the data to assert, exercise or defend legal claims, or if you object to the processing in accordance with Article 18 GDPR. 21 para. 1 GDPR, as long as it is not yet clear whether our justified reasons outweigh your justified reasons;
Right to object to the processing of your personal data pursuant to Art. 21 para. 2 GDPR (if the data are processed for the purpose of direct marketing) or pursuant to Art. 21 para. 1 GDPR (if the processing is carried out pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 e) or f) GDPR, for reasons arising from your particular situation, unless we have compelling grounds for processing that outweigh your interests or the processing serves to assert, exercise or defend legal claims).
Right to data transferability in accordance with Art. 20 GDPR, i.e. to receive the personal data concerning you that you have provided to us in a structured, current and machine-readable format or to transfer it to another person responsible;
Right to revoke consent granted at any time in accordance with Art. 7 para. 3 GDPR. The consequence of the revocation is that from the time of the revocation we may no longer carry out the data processing for the future.
Right of appeal to a supervisory authority pursuant to Art. 77 GDPR. The right of appeal is without prejudice to other administrative or judicial remedies.
The address of the supervisory authority responsible for us is:
Bayerisches Landesamt für Datenschutzaufsicht (BayLDA)
Promenade 27, 91522 Ansbach
https://www.lda.bayern.de/de/kontakt.html
Please contact the data protection officer via the contact data stated in Section 2 above to request information and for withdrawal as well as for notification of a request for deletion; the data protection officer will then provide the information immediately or confirm the execution of your request for deletion. A deletion requested by you will then be carried out subject to statutory retention obligations. If a deletion cannot take place completely due to legal storage obligations, we limit the processing of the data concerned and inform you accordingly.
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at:
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
Data that is provided actively by you as user of the website or services:
As far as the website or an action via our website requires a registration, the basic data for the registration, determined by the respective registration form are transmitted, processed and stored and only collected, stored and used for the use of the website and its services. In the context of such registration we are also entitled to inform you about changes, additions or new versions of the website, changes of our terms and conditions as well as these privacy statement and additional information provided via the website as well as e.g. about new products.
If you register for the subscription of a newsletter, this registration can take place under indication of the e-mail address without further data. Additional information will not be requested.
For residents of the EU, we use the so-called double opt-in procedure for sending the newsletter. As part of this process, we first send the user an e-mail to the specified e-mail address. However, the user will not receive a newsletter by e-mail until the user clicks on the link received in the e-mail and has expressly confirmed to us that we should activate the newsletter service. After your confirmation we will save your e-mail address only for the purpose of sending you the newsletter. The legal basis is Art. 6 Para. 1 S. 1 lit. a GDPDR.
We would like to point out that we evaluate your user behaviour when sending the newsletter. For this analysis, the e-mails sent contain so-called web beacons or tracking pixels, which represent single-pixel image files stored on our website. For evaluation purposes, we link the above data and web beacons to your e-mail address and an individual ID. You can object to this tracking at any time by clicking on the separate link provided in each e-mail or by informing us by another contact method. The information is stored for as long as you have subscribed to the newsletter. After a cancellation we store the data purely statistically and anonymously.If at any time you no longer wish to receive newsletters from us, you can object to the newsletter subscription at any time without incurring any costs other than the transmission costs according to the basic rates. A message in text form to the contact data specified in the imprint is sufficient for this. Of course you will also find an unsubscribe link in every newsletter.The data created by users within the scope of using the website via a login or a newsletter registration are stored on servers operated in our name. However, the server operators are subject to the same data protection standards as we are and are operated in the European Union and the US.
Contact forms
On our website you have the option of sending us requests using “Contact” forms or other variations of communication channels. Here you can ask questions about our company, our products or our services. In order to enable you to make targeted contact with us, we have provided various ways of making contact.
In order to be able to process your request, we ask you to provide personal data in our input mask. This includes your name, e-mail address and other information such as the subject of your inquiry and your message text. In addition to the mandatory fields, you can also enter additional information. Optionally, address and/or telephone number can be specified.
This information enables us to respond comprehensively to your request. The communication of the data you provide in this context is expressly on a voluntary basis.
The personal data transmitted to us from your above-mentioned details as well as the time of contacting us will only be used for the purpose for which you made them available to us when contacting us – in particular the processing of your inquiry. The information you provide will only be used to process your request. The data will not be used for other purposes or passed on to third parties without your express consent. Excluded from this – insofar as it is necessary to fulfil your request – are partner companies. These could be, for example: Our suppliers, payment and logistics partners and our trading partners. If there are no legal storage obligations, your personal data will be deleted after the request has been processed.
The legal basis for data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 f) DSGVO. Our legitimate interest is that we need your data in order to process or respond to your communication.
Data collected directly in the context of your use of the website:
While purely informational use of the website, i.e. if you do not register or otherwise provide us with information, we only collect the personal data that your browser transmits to our server. If you wish to view our website, we collect the following data, which are technically necessary for us to display our website to you and to guarantee its stability and security (legal basis is Art. 6 Para. 1 S. 1 lit. f GDPR):
IP address (stored shortened in accordance with data protection regulations)
date and time of the request
Time zone difference to Greenwich Mean Time (GMT)
Content of the request (specific page)
Access status/HTTP status code
the amount of data transferred in each case
Website from which the request originates
Browser name and version, language setting
When you visit our website and when using the services offered via the website, the server sends one or more cookies – small files containing a string of characters – to the user’s computer or other data processing unit, which uniquely identifies the browser. We use cookies to improve the quality of the website, including to store usage preferences and track user trends.
The following cookies are used while on our site:
.vimeo.com
Cookies can be set in one of the following types:
Transient cookies are automatically deleted when you close your browser. This includes in particular the session cookies. These store a so-called session ID, with which different requests of your browser can be assigned to the common session. This will allow your computer to be recognized when you return to our website. Session cookies are deleted when you log out or close your browser.
Persistent cookies are automatically deleted after a specified period, which may vary depending on the cookie. You can delete cookies at any time in the security settings of your browser.
Third-party cookies are cookies that are set by third parties and can be either transient or persistent cookies.
You can set your browser to notify you when a cookie is sent. This opens up the possibility of either accepting or rejecting a cookie. The information collected and analyzed is used to improve the services and the website, to personalize the web experience, and to allow easy login to permanently set login cookies.
We may use the services of third parties to evaluate the efficiency of the website and services and to determine how visitors use the website and or the services and, where appropriate, to provide a personalized user experience when evaluating cookies. The website may use web beacons (tracking pixels) and cookies provided by third parties for this purpose. The information collected by the provider includes the pages visited, navigation patterns and similar data. This data enables us to find out which product information is most interesting for users and which offers users prefer to view. Furthermore, we do not exclude the possibility that we transmit anonymous usage data for market research purposes. Although we may have commissioned third parties to log the data originating from our website, we have control over how this data may or may not be used. The cookie itself does not contain any personal data, but if you provide personal data when visiting the website and do not delete the cookie from your browser after providing this data, the provider collects the non-personal data stored in the cookie (such as the number of visits to the provider) and stores and processes this anonymously.
If we use Flash cookies, these are not collected by your browser, but by your Flash plug-in. We also use HTML5 storage objects that are stored on your mobile device. These objects store the required data independently of your browser and do not have an automatic expiry date. If you do not wish the Flash cookies to be processed, you must install an appropriate add-on, e.g. “Better Privacy” for Mozilla Firefox (https://addons.mozilla.org/de/firefox/addon/betterprivacy/) or the Adobe Flash killer cookie for Google Chrome. You can prevent the use of HTML5 storage objects by using private mode in your browser. We also recommend that you regularly delete your cookies and your browser history manually.
Data collected in the context of the use of the website by analysis tools (WebAnalytics) or third party services used by us with our website:
We use Google Analytics to analyse and regularly improve the use of our website. We can improve our offer and make it more interesting for you as a user. Google Analytics is a web analysis service of Google Inc. (“Google”), which uses cookies to analyse your use of the website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is usually transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there. However, by activating IP anonymisation by us on this website, Google will previously reduce your IP address within Member States of the European Union or in other states party to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. For exceptional cases in which personal data may transferred to the USA, Google has submitted to the EU-US Privacy Shield, https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework. The legal basis for the use of Google Analytics is Art. 6 Par. 1 S. 1 lit. f GDPR. On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on website activity and to provide the Internet use.
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. You can also prevent Google from collecting the data generated by the cookie and relating to your use of the website (including your IP address) and from processing this data by Google by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under the following link: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.Third-party information: Google Dublin, Google Ireland Ltd, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, Fax: +353 (1) 436 1001. Terms of Use: https://www.google.com/analytics/terms/de.html, Privacy Policy: https://www.google.com/intl/de/analytics/learn/privacy.html, and Privacy Policy: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=de&gl=de.
We currently use the following links to social media providers: Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, Pinterest. We only use links to the social media provider or the so-called two-click solution. This means that when you visit our site, no personal data is initially passed on to the providers of the social media. You can recognize the provider of the social media used by the logo shown and/or the additional text information. We offer you the possibility to communicate directly with the provider of the social media via such a button. But only if you click on the marked field and thereby activate it, the plug-in provider receives the information that you have accessed the corresponding website. In the case of Facebook, the IP address is anonymized immediately after collection, according to the respective provider in Germany. By activating the plug-in, personal data is transferred from you to the respective plug-in provider and stored there (for US providers in the USA). Since the plug-in provider collects data mainly via cookies, we recommend that you delete all cookies before clicking on not yet activated button by using your browser’s security settings. We have no influence on the data collected and data processing processes, nor are we aware of the full extent of data collection, the purposes of processing, the storage periods. We also have no information on the deletion of the data collected by the plug-in provider. The plug-in provider stores the data collected about you as user profiles and uses these for the purposes of advertising, market research and/or demand-oriented design of its website. Such an evaluation takes place in particular (also for not logged in users) for the representation of demand-fair advertisement and in order to inform other users of the social network about your activities on our website. You have a right of objection to the creation of these user profiles, whereby you must contact the respective plug-in provider to exercise this right. Through the plug-ins we offer you the possibility to interact with social networks and other users, so that we can improve our offer and make it more interesting for you as a user. The legal basis for the use of the plug-ins is Art. 6 Para. 1 S. 1 lit. f GDPR.
The data is passed on regardless of whether you have an account with the plug-in provider and are logged in there. If you are logged in with the plug-in provider, your data collected with us will be directly assigned to your existing account with the plug-in provider. If you click the activated button and, for example, link the page, the plug-in provider also stores this information in your user account and shares it publicly with your contacts. We recommend that you log out regularly after using a social network, especially before activating the button, as this way you can avoid being assigned to your profile with the plug-in provider.
Further information on the purpose and scope of data collection and its processing by the plug-in provider can be found in the data protection declarations of these providers notified below. They will also provide you with further information about your rights in this regard and setting options to protect your privacy:
Facebook Inc., 1601 S California Ave, Palo Alto, California 94304, USA; https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/ ; further information in regard to personal data processed and/or stored: https://www.facebook.com/help/238318146535333?helpref=related as well as https://www.facebook.com/help/111814505650678. Facebook has submitted to the EU-US Privacy Shield, https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework.
Instagram LLC, 1601 Willow Rd, Menlo Park CA 94025, USA; https://help.instagram.com/155833707900388; further information in regard to personal data processed and/or stored: https://help.instagram.com/1896641480634370?ref=ig as well as https://www.facebook.com/help/111814505650678. Instagram has submitted via Facebook to the EU-US Privacy Shield, https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework.
Twitter, Inc., 1355 Market St, Suite 900, San Francisco, California 94103, USA; https://twitter.com/privacy. Twitter has submitted to the EU-US Privacy Shield, https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework.
We have included YouTube videos in our online offer, which are stored on http://www.YouTube.com and can be played directly from our website. These are all integrated in the “extended data protection mode”, i.e. no data about you as a user will be transmitted to YouTube if you do not play the videos. Only when you play the videos will the above data be transmitted. We have no influence on this data transmission. By visiting the website, YouTube receives the information that you have accessed the corresponding subpage of our website. In addition, further data is transmitted. This is independent of whether YouTube provides a user account through which you are logged in or whether no user account exists. If you are logged in to Google, your information will be directly associated with your account. If you do not wish to be associated with your profile on YouTube, you must log out before activating the button. YouTube stores your data as user profiles and uses them for purposes of advertising, market research and/or demand-oriented design of its website. Such evaluation takes place in particular (even for unlogged-in users) to provide demand-oriented advertising and to inform other users of the social network about your activities on our website. You have the right to object to the creation of these user profiles, and you must contact YouTube to exercise this right.For more information on the purpose and scope of data collection and processing by YouTube, please refer to the privacy policy. There you will also find further information about your rights and setting options to protect your privacy: https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy. Google also processes your personal data in the USA and has submitted to the EU-US Privacy Shield, https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework
On this website we use the offer of Google Maps. This allows us to display interactive maps directly on the website and enables you to conveniently use the map function.
By visiting the website und using Google Maps, Google receives the information that you have called up the corresponding subpage of our website. This is regardless of whether Google provides a user account that you are logged in with or whether no user account exists. If you are logged in to Google, your information will be directly associated with your account. If you do not wish to be associated with your profile on Google, you must log out before activating the button. Google stores your data as usage profiles and uses them for purposes of advertising, market research and/or demand-oriented design of its website. Such evaluation takes place in particular (even for unlogged-in users) to provide demand-oriented advertising and to inform other users of the social network about your activities on our website. You have the right to object to the creation of these user profiles, and you must contact Google to exercise this right.
For more information about the purpose and scope of data collection and its processing by the plug-in provider, please refer to the provider’s privacy policy. There you will also find further information about your rights in this regard and setting options for the protection of your privacy: View here. Google also processes your personal data in the USA and has submitted to the EU-US Privacy Shield, EU-US Privacy Shield.