http://www.epsi.com/privacy-policy
SIGN IN
REGISTER
CONTACT
SHOPPING CART ( 0 )
CHECKOUT
0 items ( $0.00 )
View the Full Cart
EPSI
Home
Hanging & Racking
Custom Engineering
Social Distance
Caps
Plugs
Tapes & Discs
Hooks
Tubing & Cord
Sheeting
Filters
3M Tapes & Discs
Miscellaneous
Search Products
loading...
Hanging & RackingCustom EngineeringSocial DistanceCapsPlugsTapes & DiscsHooksTubing & CordSheetingFilters3M Tapes & DiscsMiscellaneous
Home
Contact
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Connect with us
Accepted forms of payment
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Protecting your privacy is important to EPSI. We strive to keep your personal information confidential. By ensuring that you are aware of and understand the EPSI Privacy Policy, we can provide you with better service. Please take a moment to read the following policy to learn how we handle your personal information.
Why we collect personal information
EPSI collects and uses your personal information to give you
superior customer service, to provide you with convenient access to our
products and services, and to make a wider range available to you. In addition,
we use your personal information to keep you up to date on the latest product
announcements, special offers, and other information we think you’d
like to hear about.
How we collect personal information
We collect information about you in couple ways. For example, we might ask
for your contact information when you correspond with us, call us to make
a purchase or request service, or Participate in an online order or survey.
We collect and store the information you provide in a secure database.
At times we may be required by law or legal process to disclose your personal
information. We may also disclose information about you if we believe that
disclosure is necessary for the public interest.
The EPSI store uses industry-standard Secure Sockets Layer
(SSL) encryption on all web pages where personal information is required.
To make purchases from the EPSI, you must use an SSL-enabled
browser such as Netscape Navigator 3.0 or later, or Internet Explorer. This
protects the confidentiality of your personal and credit card information
while it is transmitted over the Internet.
Collecting other personal information
When you browse EPSI website, you are able to do so anonymously.
Generally, we don’t collect personal information when you browse —
not even your e-mail address. Your browser, however, does automatically
tell us the type of computer and operating system you are using.
Like many websites, the EPSI website uses “cookie”
technology. When you first connect to our site, the cookie identifies your
browser with a unique, random number. The cookies we use do not reveal any
personal information about you, except perhaps your first name so we can
welcome you on your next visit. Cookies help us understand which Parts of
our websites are the most popular, where our visitors are going, and how
long they spend there. We use cookies to study traffic patterns on our site
so we can make the site even better.
EPSI Privacy Policy is subject to change at any time. We encourage
you to review the privacy policy regularly for any changes.
Last updated February 1, 2013
© 2013 EPSI. All rights reserved.
download