https://www.iubenda.com/privacy-policy/734922/cookie-policy
Cookie Policy of www.albrightadministration.com
This document informs Users about the technologies that help www.albrightadministration.com to achieve the purposes described below. Such technologies allow the Owner to access and store information (for example by using a Cookie) or use resources (for example by running a script) on a User’s device as they interact with www.albrightadministration.com.
For simplicity, all such technologies are defined as "Trackers" within this document – unless there is a reason to differentiate.
For example, while Cookies can be used on both web and mobile browsers, it would be inaccurate to talk about Cookies in the context of mobile apps as they are a browser-based Tracker. For this reason, within this document, the term Cookies is only used where it is specifically meant to indicate that particular type of Tracker.
Some of the purposes for which Trackers are used may also require the User's consent. Whenever consent is given, it can be freely withdrawn at any time following the instructions provided in this document.
Www.albrightadministration.com uses Trackers managed directly by the Owner (so-called “first-party” Trackers) and Trackers that enable services provided by a third-party (so-called “third-party” Trackers). Unless otherwise specified within this document, third-party providers may access the Trackers managed by them.
The validity and expiration periods of Cookies and other similar Trackers may vary depending on the lifetime set by the Owner or the relevant provider. Some of them expire upon termination of the User’s browsing session.
In addition to what’s specified in the descriptions within each of the categories below, Users may find more precise and updated information regarding lifetime specification as well as any other relevant information – such as the presence of other Trackers - in the linked privacy policies of the respective third-party providers or by contacting the Owner.
Activities strictly necessary for the operation of www.albrightadministration.com and delivery of the Service
Www.albrightadministration.com uses so-called “technical” Cookies and other similar Trackers to carry out activities that are strictly necessary for the operation or delivery of the Service.
Third-party Trackers
SPAM protection
This type of service analyzes the traffic of www.albrightadministration.com, potentially containing Users' Personal Data, with the purpose of filtering it from parts of traffic, messages and content that are recognized as SPAM.
Google reCAPTCHA (Google Inc.)
Google reCAPTCHA is a SPAM protection service provided by Google Inc.
The use of reCAPTCHA is subject to the Google privacy policy and terms of use.
Personal Data processed: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing:
United States
–
Privacy Policy.
Other activities involving the use of Trackers
Experience enhancement
Www.albrightadministration.com uses Trackers to provide a personalized user experience by improving the quality of preference management options, and by enabling interaction with external networks and platforms.
Content commenting
Content commenting services allow Users to make and publish their comments on the contents of www.albrightadministration.com.
Depending on the settings chosen by the Owner, Users may also leave anonymous comments. If there is an email address among the Personal Data provided by the User, it may be used to send notifications of comments on the same content. Users are responsible for the content of their own comments.
If a content commenting service provided by third parties is installed, it may still collect web traffic data for the pages where the comment service is installed, even when Users do not use the content commenting service.
Disqus (Disqus)
Disqus is a content commenting service provided by Big Heads Labs Inc.
Personal Data processed: Cookies, Usage Data and various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing:
United States
–
Privacy Policy – Opt out.
Displaying content from external platforms
This type of services allows you to view content hosted on external platforms directly from the pages of www.albrightadministration.com and interact with them.
This type of service might still collect web traffic data for the pages where the service is installed, even when Users do not use it.
Google Maps widget (Google)
Google Maps is a maps visualization service provided by Google Inc. that allows www.albrightadministration.com to incorporate content of this kind on its pages.
Personal Data processed: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing:
US
–
Privacy Policy.
Interaction with external social networks and platforms
This type of service allows interaction with social networks or other external platforms directly from the pages of www.albrightadministration.com.
The interaction and information obtained through www.albrightadministration.com are always subject to the User’s privacy settings for each social network.
This type of service might still collect traffic data for the pages where the service is installed, even when Users do not use it.
It is recommended to log out from the respective services in order to make sure that the processed data on www.albrightadministration.com isn’t being connected back to the User’s profile.
LinkedIn button and social widgets (LinkedIn Corporation)
The LinkedIn button and social widgets are services allowing interaction with the LinkedIn social network provided by LinkedIn Corporation.
Personal Data processed: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing:
US
–
Privacy Policy.
Twitter Tweet button and social widgets (Twitter, Inc.)
The Twitter Tweet button and social widgets are services allowing interaction with the Twitter social network provided by Twitter, Inc.
Personal Data processed: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing:
US
–
Privacy Policy.
Measurement
Www.albrightadministration.com uses Trackers to measure traffic and analyze User behavior with the goal of improving the Service.
Analytics
The services contained in this section enable the Owner to monitor and analyze web traffic and can be used to keep track of User behavior.
Google Analytics (Google Inc.)
Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of www.albrightadministration.com, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services.
Google may use the Data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
Personal Data processed: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing:
US
–
Privacy Policy – Opt Out.
Analytics services managed directly by www.albrightadministration.com
The services contained in this section allow the Owner to collect and manage analytics through the use of first-party Trackers.
Analytics collected directly (Www.albrightadministration.com)
Www.albrightadministration.com uses an internal analytics system that does not involve third parties.
Personal Data processed: Cookies and Usage Data.
How to manage preferences and provide or withdraw consent
There are various ways to manage Tracker related preferences and to provide and withdraw consent, where relevant:
Users can manage preferences related to Trackers from directly within their own device settings, for example, by preventing the use or storage of Trackers.
Additionally, whenever the use of Trackers is based on consent, Users can provide or withdraw such consent by setting their preferences within the cookie notice or by updating such preferences accordingly via the relevant consent-preferences widget, if available.
It is also possible, via relevant browser or device features, to delete previously stored Trackers, including those used to remember the User’s initial consent.
Other Trackers in the browser’s local memory may be cleared by deleting the browsing history.
With regard to any third-party Trackers, Users can manage their preferences and withdraw their consent via the related opt-out link (where provided), by using the means indicated in the third party's privacy policy, or by contacting the third party.
Locating Tracker Settings
Users can, for example, find information about how to manage Cookies in the most commonly used browsers at the following addresses:
Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Apple Safari
Microsoft Internet Explorer
Microsoft Edge
Brave
Opera
Users may also manage certain categories of Trackers used on mobile apps by opting out through relevant device settings, such as the device advertising settings for mobile devices, or tracking settings in general (Users may open the device settings, view and look for the relevant setting).
Advertising industry specific opt-outs
Notwithstanding the above, Users may follow the instructions provided by YourOnlineChoices (EU), the Network Advertising Initiative (US) and the Digital Advertising Alliance (US), DAAC (Canada), DDAI (Japan) or other similar services. Such initiatives allow Users to select their tracking preferences for most of the advertising tools. The Owner thus recommends that Users make use of these resources in addition to the information provided in this document.
The Digital Advertising Alliance offers an application called AppChoices that helps Users to control interest-based advertising on mobile apps.
Owner and Data Controller
Anne Albright
Albright Administration
1650 Market Street, Suite 3600
Philadelphia, PA 19103 USA
www.albrightadministration.com
+1215-298-0907
Owner contact email: info@albrightadministration.com
Since the use of third-party Trackers through www.albrightadministration.com cannot be fully controlled by the Owner, any specific references to third-party Trackers are to be considered indicative. In order to obtain complete information, Users are kindly requested to consult the privacy policies of the respective third-party services listed in this document.
Given the objective complexity surrounding tracking technologies, Users are encouraged to contact the Owner should they wish to receive any further information on the use of such technologies by www.albrightadministration.com.
Definitions and legal references
Personal Data (or Data)
Any information that directly, indirectly, or in connection with other information — including a personal identification number — allows for the identification or identifiability of a natural person.
Usage Data
Information collected automatically through www.albrightadministration.com (or third-party services employed in www.albrightadministration.com), which can include: the IP addresses or domain names of the computers utilized by the Users who use www.albrightadministration.com, the URI addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier), the time of the request, the method utilized to submit the request to the server, the size of the file received in response, the numerical code indicating the status of the server's answer (successful outcome, error, etc.), the country of origin, the features of the browser and the operating system utilized by the User, the various time details per visit (e.g., the time spent on each page within the Application) and the details about the path followed within the Application with special reference to the sequence of pages visited, and other parameters about the device operating system and/or the User's IT environment.
User
The individual using www.albrightadministration.com who, unless otherwise specified, coincides with the Data Subject.
Data Subject
The natural person to whom the Personal Data refers.
Data Processor (or Data Supervisor)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes Personal Data on behalf of the Controller, as described in this privacy policy.
Data Controller (or Owner)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data, including the security measures concerning the operation and use of www.albrightadministration.com. The Data Controller, unless otherwise specified, is the Owner of www.albrightadministration.com.
www.albrightadministration.com (or this Application)
The means by which the Personal Data of the User is collected and processed.
Service
The service provided by www.albrightadministration.com as described in the relative terms (if available) and on this site/application.
European Union (or EU)
Unless otherwise specified, all references made within this document to the European Union include all current member states to the European Union and the European Economic Area.
Cookie
Cookies are Trackers consisting of small sets of data stored in the User's browser.
Tracker
Tracker indicates any technology - e.g Cookies, unique identifiers, web beacons, embedded scripts, e-tags and fingerprinting - that enables the tracking of Users, for example by accessing or storing information on the User’s device.
Legal information
This privacy statement has been prepared based on provisions of multiple legislations, including Art. 13/14 of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (General Data Protection Regulation).
This privacy policy relates solely to www.albrightadministration.com, if not stated otherwise within this document.
Latest update: June 23, 2020
iubenda hosts this content and only collects the Personal Data strictly necessary for it to be provided.
Show the complete Privacy Policy