http://www.coda-plastics.co.uk/privacy/
Information
Our Privacy Policy
This is the privacy policy of CODA Plastics Ltd. This page explains CODA Plastics Ltd policy for the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information.
The Information We Collect
CODA Plastics Ltd collects information by various methods including information actively provided by its lead providers, its customers, and information arising from customer’s surveys and general feedback.
The types of personal information we collect include name, contact information, identification information and credit information. Credit card information where required is used for billing purposes only. We may record calls to or from our sales/customer service representative for purposes of accuracy, performance reviews, training, and general quality assurance.
How We Use This Information
This information is used to aid in the provision of our products and services, including customer service, account billing, collections, and the marketing of other products services.
CODA Plastics Ltd may use aggregate or anonymous information for various uses for itself and third parties.
Who We Share This Information With
CODA Plastics Ltd does not share personal information with any third parties except as disclosed in this policy. CODA Plastics Ltd may provide personal information to CODA Plastics Ltd subcontractors and professional advisers (which will be bound by privacy obligations) to assist CODA Plastics Ltd users disclosed herein.
Security
Personnel information is stored in a combination of paper and electronic files. They are protected by security measures appropriate to the nature of the information.
Accessing Information
Individuals may review their information contained in CODA Plastics Ltd files by contacting the CODA Plastics Ltd privacy officer. If an individual believes that any their personal information is inaccurate, we will make appropriate corrections with consent from that individual.
Cookies
Cookies, are used by CODA Plastics Ltd for the convenience of our users. Cookies automatically authenticate the user. A user can access the CODA Plastics Ltd web site with the cookie feature turned off; however, in doing so they may find themselves challenged for username and password information on multiple occasions. CODA Plastics Ltd also uses cookies to track user’s visits and uses that information to improve the user’s experience.
Links
The CODA Plastics Ltd Web site may contain links to information at other Web sites. When you click on one of these links, you are moving to another Web site. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of these linked sites as their privacy policy may differ from CODA Plastics Ltd.
General
CODA Plastics Ltd may amend this policy from time to time. If such amendments affect how CODA Plastics Ltd uses discloses personal information already held by CODA Plastics Ltd in a material way, CODA Plastics Ltd will obtain consent.
Not withstanding the general terms of this policy, the collection, use and disclosure of personal information may be outside of the terms herein to the extent provided for in any applicable privacy or other legislation in effect from time to time.
CODA Plastics Ltd may disclose personal information to another entity purchasing (including for Digi lance purposes prior to purchase) the assets of CODA Plastics Ltd, provided the entity abides by this or similar privacy policy.
Contact Us
For more information on CODA Plastics Ltd and privacy, please contact our privacy officer at:
Barry Prigmore QHSE Manager barryprigmore@coda-plastics.co.uk
New Project? How Can we Help?
Ways We Are Able to Help
©
Coda Plastics is a trading name of Coda Plastics Limited, Registered in England & Wales Company No. 01116956, Registered office address: Folgate Road, North Walsham, Norfolk, NR28 0AJ