https://www.davescaddenpaddlesports.com/terms-and-conditionsprivacy-policy
Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
WEBSITE TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Credit
This document was created using a Contractology template available at http://www.freenetlaw.com.
Introduction
These terms and conditions govern your use of this website; by using this website, you accept these terms and conditions in full.   If you disagree with these terms and conditions or any part of these terms and conditions, you must not use this website.
You must be at least [18] years of age to use this website.  By using this website [and by agreeing to these terms and conditions] you warrant and represent that you are at least [18] years of age.
This website uses cookies.  By using this website and agreeing to these terms and conditions, you consent to our North Fork Outdoors, dba Dave Scadden Paddlesports use of cookies in accordance with the terms of North Fork Outdoors, dba Dave Scadden Paddlesports privacy policy.
License to use website
Unless otherwise stated, North Fork Outdoors, dba Dave Scadden Paddlesports and/or its licensors own the intellectual property rights in the website and material on the website.  Subject to the license below, all these intellectual property rights are reserved.
You may view, download for caching purposes only, and print pages  from the website for your own personal use, subject to the restrictions set out below and elsewhere in these terms and conditions.
You must not:
Republish material from this website (including republication on another website);
Sell, rent or sub-license material from the website;
Show any material from the website in public;
Reproduce, duplicate, copy or otherwise exploit material on this website for a commercial purpose;
Edit or otherwise modify any material on the website; or
Redistribute material from this website [except for content specifically and expressly made available for redistribution].
Where content is specifically made available for redistribution, it may only be redistributed [within your organisation].
Acceptable use
You must not use this website in any way that causes, or may cause, damage to the website or impairment of the availability or accessibility of the website; or in any way which is unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful, or in connection with any unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful purpose or activity.
You must not use this website to copy, store, host, transmit, send, use, publish or distribute any material which consists of (or is linked to) any spyware, computer virus, Trojan horse, worm, keystroke logger, rootkit or other malicious computer software.
You must not conduct any systematic or automated data collection activities (including without limitation scraping, data mining, data extraction and data harvesting) on or in relation to this website without North Fork Outdoors, dba Dave Scadden Paddlesports express written consent.
You must not use this website to transmit or send unsolicited commercial communications.
You must not use this website for any purposes related to marketing without North Fork Outdoors, dba Dave Scadden Paddlesports express written consent.
User content
In these terms and conditions, “your user content” means material (including without limitation text, images, audio material, video material and audio-visual material) that you submit to this website, for whatever purpose.
You grant to North Fork Outdoors, dba Dave Scadden Paddlesports a worldwide, irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use, reproduce, adapt, publish, translate and distribute your user content in any existing or future media.  You also grant to North Fork Outdoors, dba Dave Scadden Paddlesports  the right to sub-license these rights, and the right to bring an action for infringement of these rights.
Your user content must not be illegal or unlawful, must not infringe any third party's legal rights, and must not be capable of giving rise to legal action whether against you or North Fork Outdoors, dba Dave Scadden Paddlesports or a third party (in each case under any applicable law).
You must not submit any user content to the website that is or has ever been the subject of any threatened or actual legal proceedings or other similar complaint.
North Fork Outdoors, dba Dave Scadden Paddlesports reserves the right to edit or remove any material submitted to this website, or stored on North Fork Outdoors, dba Dave Scadden Paddlesports servers, or hosted or published upon this website.
Notwithstanding North Fork Outdoors, dba Dave Scadden Paddlesports rights under these terms and conditions in relation to user content, North Fork Outdoors, dba Dave Scadden Paddlesports does not undertake to monitor the submission of such content to, or the publication of such content on, this website.
No warranties
This website is provided “as is” without any representations or warranties, express or implied.  North Fork Outdoors, dba Dave Scadden Paddlesports makes no representations or warranties in relation to this website or the information and materials provided on this website.
Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing paragraph, North Fork Outdoors, dba Dave Scadden Paddlesports does not warrant that:
this website will be constantly available, or available at all; or
the information on this website is complete, true, accurate or non-misleading.
Nothing on this website constitutes, or is meant to constitute, advice of any kind.  If you require advice in relation to any [legal, financial or medical] matter you should consult an appropriate professional.
Limitations of liability
North Fork Outdoors, dba Dave Scadden Paddlesports will not be liable to you (whether under the law of contact, the law of torts or otherwise) in relation to the contents of, or use of, or otherwise in connection with, this website:
To the extent that the website is provided free-of-charge, for any direct loss;
For any indirect, special or consequential loss; or
For any business losses, loss of revenue, income, profits or anticipated savings, loss of contracts or business relationships, loss of reputation or goodwill, or loss or corruption of information or data.
These limitations of liability apply even if North Fork Outdoors, dba Dave Scadden Paddlesports  has been expressly advised of the potential loss.
Exceptions
Nothing in this website disclaimer will exclude or limit any warranty implied by law that it would be unlawful to exclude or limit; and nothing in this website disclaimer will exclude or limit North Fork Outdoors, dba Dave Scadden Paddlesports  liability in respect of any:
Death or personal injury caused byNorth Fork Outdoors, dba Dave Scadden Paddlesports negligence;
Fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation on the part of North Fork Outdoors, dba Dave Scadden Paddlesports ; or
Matter which it would be illegal or unlawful for North Fork Outdoors, dba Dave Scadden Paddlesports  to exclude or limit, or to attempt or purport to exclude or limit, its liability.
Reasonableness
By using this website, you agree that the exclusions and limitations of liability set out in this website disclaimer are reasonable.
If you do not think they are reasonable, you must not use this website.
Other parties
You accept that, as a limited liability entity, North Fork Outdoors, dba Dave Scadden Paddlesports  has an interest in limiting the personal liability of its officers and employees.  You agree that you will not bring any claim personally against North Fork Outdoors, dba Dave Scadden Paddlesports  officers or employees in respect of any losses you suffer in connection with the website.
Without prejudice to the foregoing paragraph, you agree that the limitations of warranties and liability set out in this website disclaimer will protect North Fork Outdoors, dba Dave Scadden Paddlesports officers, employees, agents, subsidiaries, successors, assigns and sub-contractors as well as North Fork Outdoors, dba Dave Scadden Paddlesports.
Unenforceable provisions
If any provision of this website disclaimer is, or is found to be, unenforceable under applicable law, that will not affect the enforceability of the other provisions of this website disclaimer.
Indemnity
You hereby indemnify North Fork Outdoors, dba Dave Scadden Paddlesports and undertake to keep North Fork Outdoors, dba Dave Scadden Paddlesports  indemnified against any losses, damages, costs, liabilities and expenses (including without limitation legal expenses and any amounts paid by North Fork Outdoors, dba Dave Scadden Paddlesports to a third party in settlement of a claim or dispute on the advice of North Fork Outdoors, dba Dave Scadden Paddlesports legal advisers) incurred or suffered by North Fork Outdoors, dba Dave Scadden Paddlesportc arising out of any breach by you of any provision of these terms and conditions[, or arising out of any claim that you have breached any provision of these terms and conditions.
Breaches of these terms and conditions
Without prejudice to North Fork Outdoors, dba Dave Scadden Paddlesports  other rights under these terms and conditions, if you breach these terms and conditions in any way, North Fork Outdoors, dba Dave Scadden Paddlesports may take such action asNorth Fork Outdoors, dba Dave Scadden Paddlesports deems appropriate to deal with the breach, including suspending your access to the website, prohibiting you from accessing the website, blocking computers using your IP address from accessing the website, contacting your internet service provider to request that they block your access to the website and/or bringing court proceedings against you.
Variation
North Fork Outdoors, dba Dave Scadden Paddlesports may revise these terms and conditions from time-to-time.  Revised terms and conditions will apply to the use of this website from the date of the publication of the revised terms and conditions on this website.  Please check this page regularly to ensure you are familiar with the current version.
Assignment
North Fork Outdoors, dba Dave Scadden Paddlesports may transfer, sub-contract or otherwise deal withNorth Fork Outdoors, dba Dave Scadden Paddlesports rights and/or obligations under these terms and conditions without notifying you or obtaining your consent.
You may not transfer, sub-contract or otherwise deal with your rights and/or obligations under these terms and conditions.
Severability
If a provision of these terms and conditions is determined by any court or other competent authority to be unlawful and/or unenforceable, the other provisions will continue in effect.  If any unlawful and/or unenforceable provision would be lawful or enforceable if part of it were deleted, that part will be deemed to be deleted, and the rest of the provision will continue in effect.
Entire agreement
These terms and conditions, together with the Privacy Policy, constitute the entire agreement between you and North Fork Outdoors, dba Dave Scadden Paddlesports  in relation to your use of this website, and supersede all previous agreements in respect of your use of this website.
Law and jurisdiction
These terms and conditions will be governed by and construed in accordance with Utah State Law, and any disputes relating to these terms and conditions will be subject to the [non-]exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Weber County.
North Fork Outdoors, dba Dave Scadden Paddlesports address is 950 W Kershaw Street, Unit A, Ogden, UT  84401
You can contactNorth Fork Outdoors, dba Dave Scadden Paddlesports  by email to nfo2@aol.com.
PRIVACY STATEMENT
Your privacy is important to North Fork Outdoors, dba Dave Scadden Paddlesports.  This privacy statement provides information about the personal information that North Fork Outdoors, dba Dave Scadden Paddlesports collects, and the ways in which North Fork Outdoors, dba Dave Scadden Paddlesports uses that personal information.
Personal information collection
North Fork Outdoors, dba Dave Scadden Paddlesports may collect and use the following kinds of personal information:
Information about your use of this website
Information that you provide using for the purpose of registering with the website
Information about transactions carried out over this website
Information that you provide for the purpose of subscribing to the website services
Any other information that you send to North Fork Outdoors, dba Dave Scadden Paddlesports.
Using personal information
North Fork Outdoors, dba Dave Scadden Paddlesports may use your personal information to:
Administer this website
Ppersonalize the website for you
Enable your access to and use of the website services
Publish information about you on the website
Send to you products that you purchase
Supply to you services that you purchase
Send to you statements and invoices
Collect payments from you; and
Send you marketing communications.
Where North Fork Outdoors, dba Dave Scadden Paddlesports discloses your personal information to its agents or sub-contractors for these purposes, the agent or sub-contractor in question will be obligated to use that personal information in accordance with the terms of this privacy statement.
In addition to the disclosures reasonably necessary for the purposes identified elsewhere above, North Fork Outdoors, dba Dave Scadden Paddlesports may disclose your personal information to the extent that it is required to do so by law, in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings, and in order to establish, exercise or defend its legal rights.
Securing your data
North Fork Outdoors, dba Dave Scadden Paddlesports will take reasonable technical and organisational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information.
North Fork Outdoors, dba Dave Scadden Paddlesport swill store all the personal information you provide [on its secure servers].
[Information relating to electronic transactions entered into via this website will be  protected by encryption technology.]
Cross-border data transfers
Information that North Fork Outdoors, dba Dave Scadden Paddlesports collects may be stored and processed in and transferred between any of the countries in which North Fork Outdoors, dba Dave Scadden Paddlesports operates to enable the use of the information in accordance with this privacy policy.
[In addition, personal information that you submit for publication on the website will be published on the internet and may be available around the world.]
You agree to such cross-border transfers of personal information.
Updating this statement
North Fork Outdoors, dba Dave Scadden Paddlesports may update this privacy policy by posting a new version on this website.
You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are familiar with any changes.
Other websites  www.northforkoutdoors.com, dsppaddleboards.com
This website contains links to other websites.
North Fork Outdoors, dba Dave Scadden Paddlesports  is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of any third party.
Contact North Fork Outdoors, dba Dave Scadden Paddlesports if you have any questions about this privacy policy or [NAME'S] treatment of your personal information, please write:
By email to nfo2@aol.com; or
By post to 950 W Kershaw Street, Unit A, Ogden, UT  84401.