https://www.activeinternational.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of December 31, 2018.
Welcome to Active International.
As part of the services we provide to you, Active Media Services, Inc. (and it’s affiliates, collectively “Active,“ “We“ or “Our“) collects and processes a variety of information. This privacy policy, is intended to help you better understand how we collect, use and store your  personal information. We are aware of the importance to users of how personal data are handled and we assure you that we observe all relevant legal requirements. We consider the protection of your privacy to be of paramount importance. By using Active’s services or website, you agree that you are authorized to provide information, are at least sixteen (16) years of age, and are accepting this Privacy Policy, as may be amended. If we amend this Privacy Policy, we will revise the date at the top of the policy.
Information Collected or Received by Active
Personal Data
Personal data refers to any information about personal or factual circumstances of an identified or identifiable person. This includes information and details such as your name, home address or other postal address, telephone number and e-mail address.  Active may automatically receive and record information from your browser or mobile device when you visit the website, such as your IP address or unique device identifier and data about which pages you visit in order to allow us to operate and provide goods and services to you.  This information is used to prevent fraud, to keep our services secure and to analyze and understand how the services work for members and visitors.  Active may also collect, but does not store, credit card information when you place an order.
Ways in Which Active May Use Your Information
Pursuant to a Contract:  We may use your data to acquire or perform a contractual obligation or to provide goods or services as requested by you.
Legitimate Interests:  Use of your data may be necessary for the purposes of our or a third party’s legitimate interests.
Consent:  You may have consented to the processing of your information, which consent can be revoked at any time by you.
International Users
This website is hosted in the United States.  If you are accessing this website from outside the United States, you are transferring your information to the United States and you consent to such transfer.  If you do not want your information transferred to the United Sates, you should not share your information with us or make use of this website.  To request information about whether Active holds or processes any of your personal information please contact privacy@activeinternational.com.
Legitimate Interests
When processing your data on the basis of legitimate interests, Active may do so for any of the following reasons.
Providing and Improving our Services: We may use your information to improve and customize our services, including sharing of your information with trusted third parties for such purposes.  This is necessary to enable us to pursue our legitimate interests in understanding how our services are being used, create efficiencies and to explore ways to develop and grow our business.
Protecting Against Misuse: Active may use or share your information for security purposes. We do this to enhance protection of our on-line community against spam, harassment, potential infringement, crime and other security risks.
Buying and Selling: Active may facilitate the sharing of information between two parties involved in a transaction. Active may make a customer’s shipping address and payment information directly available to a vendor of products or services the customer wishes to obtain. By making a purchase (example: a hotel reservation), you are directing us to share your information in this way.
Legal and Safety: We may retain, preserve or release your personal information to a third party in the following limited circumstances: in response to lawful requests by public authorities, to protect, establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims or to prevent, investigate or take action regarding suspected fraud or violations of our policies.  In these cases, our use of your information may be necessary for the purposes of our or a third parties legitimate interest in keeping our services secure, preventing harm or crime, enforcing or defending legal rights or preventing damage.
Web Analytics and Statistics: Active may utilize your information to analyze how visitors use our website or services.
Data Sources
In the course of our business, we collect or receive personal information in different ways.  We may obtain the data from you or your devices.   Active may also obtain information from a third-party with whom Active has a business relationship and publicly available sources.
Retention Periods
We may retain your data for the following reasons:
Fulfilling a Contract:  When we need the data to fulfill a contract, until such time as the contractual relationship with you ceases or the legal retention periods expire,
Legitimate Interests:  If we use the data on the basis of a legitimate interest, until such time as your overriding interest obliges us to delete or anonymise such data, or
Consent:  Where you have consented to our use of the data, until such time as you withdraw your consent.
Purposes of Use
Personal data will only be collected by us to the extent and for the purpose for which you provide the data to us or for which we have collected such data.
Active uses third-party companies and individuals such as payment processors, research and analytics companies, security providers and customer management software to help us operate, provide and market our services.  These third parties may have limited access to your information, may use your information only to perform the tasks we specify and are obligated not to disclose or use your information for other purposes.
Otherwise, your personal information will not be forwarded to third parties unless you have given your express consent or if Active is obliged to disclose it, at the direction of a court or administrative authority.
Data Protection
We follow generally accepted  technical and organizational measures to secure your data against potential risks, such as unauthorized login or access, unauthorized perusal, amendment or distribution, as well as against loss, deletion or misuse.
In order to protect your personal data against unauthorized access by third parties when being transmitted, we secure data transmissions, if necessary, using SSL encryption. This is a standard encryption procedure for online services, particularly for the Internet.
Technical Information and Third-Party Services
When you visit our website, Active collects your IP address and other log file information (such as browser type and language, number of clicks, domain names of web sites visited, pages viewed, the amount of time spent on particular pages and the date and time of visits and page views) for statistical and maintenance purposes.
Active also uses Google Analytics on its website to obtain visitor statistics. Please refer to the Google Analytics privacy policy to learn more about this service and how to opt out from it:
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245
Social Media
Our website includes links to other sites, including Social Media sites, such as the Facebook, LinkedIn and Twitter. The Social Media links will take you to a website hosted by a third party. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the applicable third party.
Rights of the Data Subject
Depending on your location (i.e., if you are in the EU), you may have additional rights with respect to your information, including:
Right to Access: You have the right to request information about whether and which personal data is processed by our company.
Right to Rectification: You also have the right to demand that your personal data is rectified or amended.
Right to Erasure: Under certain circumstances, you have the right to request that your personal data should be deleted.
Right to Restriction of Processing: Under certain circumstances, you have the right to demand that the processing of your personal data should be restricted.
Right to Withdraw Consent: You can withdraw your consent to the processing and use of your data completely or partially at any time with future application.
Right to Object: You have the right to object to the processing of your personal data where Active is processing based on our legitimate interests.
Right to Data Portability: You have the right to obtain your personal data in a common, structured and mechanically readable format.
Right to Lodge a Complaint: You also have the right to complain to the responsible supervisory authority if you believe that the processing of your personal data is in violation of the legislation.
Requirement or Obligation to Provide Data
Insofar as this is not expressly stated, when data is collected, the provision of data is neither required nor obligatory.
Cookies Information
Cookies are small pieces of text used to store information and to assist us in providing and improving our services. This website uses cookies. For additional information on the specific cookies we use please refer to our cookie policy.
If you need technical assistance please contact us at websitesupport@activeinternational.com.
Contact Information
If you have any questions, comments, complaints or requests in connection with this Privacy Policy or the processing of your personal data, you can also contact us at
Active Media Services, Inc.One Blue Hill PlazaPearl River, NY 10965Attention: General CounselE-Mail: privacy@activeinternational.com