http://www.wmia.org/about-us-2/privacy-policy
MENUMENUHomeNews
WMIA BlogWMIA NewsletterEvents
About Us
About UsHistoryOfficers/Directors/StaffCommitteesHall of Honor2016 Annual ReportContact UsPrivacy Policy
Membership
JoinMember DiscountsWMIA Member DirectoryWMIA Members – Get Listed on WoodworkingTechnology.comResources
Education
Education and ScholarshipsScholarships2020 Scholarship Winners2019 Scholarship WinnersPast WMIA Scholarship WinnersPast Scholarship Recipients – Where Are They Now?WTII Boot Camp
Awards
Wooden Globe Awards Info2019 Wooden Globe Awards2018 Wooden Globe AwardsPrevious Wooden Globe Award Winners ListPartner of the Year Award
Partner of the Year Award Winners List
Industry Jobs
TechsJob Listings
Standards
WMIA's involvement
Call for ISO Subject Matter Experts (SMEs)
Standards overviewGuide for US/TAG Members & Subject Matter ExpertsUS/TAG glossary
Privacy Notice Effective Date: 5/25/18
Introduction
This Notice explains how the Woodworking Machinery Industry Association and the WMIA Educational Foundation (“WMIA,” “we,” “group,” or “us”) collects and processes your Personal Data. Each time you use our Site, the current version of this Notice will apply. Accordingly, whenever you use our Site, you should check the date of this Notice (which appears at the top) and review any changes since the last version. This Notice is applicable to all Site visitors, WMIA members, and all other users of our Site.
“Personal Data” is any information that enables us to identify you, directly or indirectly, by reference to an identifier such as your name or location data.
By visiting www.wmia.org or related properties, (together the “Site”), you acknowledge that you have read and understood the processes and policies referred to in this Notice.
Who we are
For the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (the “GDPR”), the Data Controller is the Woodworking Machinery Industry Association, with a registered address at 3025 Hamaker Court, Suite 460, Fairfax, VA 22031.4.
Our President and Chief Executive Officer, Larry Hoffer, is responsible for overseeing questions in relation to this Notice for the purposes of the GDPR.
How to contact us
If you have any questions or concerns about this Notice, please contact us using the WMIA Officers, Directors, and Staff section on our Site.
Alternatively, you can contact us by phone at 571-279-8340, by sending an email to info@wmia.org, or by mail to 3025 Hamaker Court, Suite 460, Fairfax, VA 22031.
How we collect personal data
Personal Data that you give us
We may collect and process the following Personal Data:
Contact information, which you provide when corresponding with us by phone, e-mail, or otherwise. The information you give us may include your name, address, e-mail address, phone number, financial information, and/or credit card information.
Membership information, about your company’s membership, including contact name(s) and details such as address, phone number, and email address (business or personal), job title, and any other information related to your membership. Membership information may be provided by you during the registration process, or by another member of your company.
Dues payment information, including financial information such as credit card and account numbers used to register or renew your membership.
Registration information, relating to registration for the annual Woodworking Industry Conference (WIC) either in-person or via our Site. Purchase information will include financial information as well as information concerning the events for which you and others you register have chosen.
Non-Personal Data
We collect information that is sent to us automatically by your web browser and we may use this information to generate aggregate statistics about visitors to our Site, including, without limitation:
IP addresses
Browser type and plug-in details
Device type (e.g., desktop, laptop, tablet, phone, etc.)
Operating system
Local time zone
We may use non-Personal Data for various business purposes such as providing customer service, fraud prevention, market research, and improving our Site. Please check your web browser if you want to learn what information your browser sends or how to change your settings.
How we use your Personal Data
We will only process your Personal Data, including sharing it with third parties, where (1) you have provided your consent which can be withdrawn at any time, (2) the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party, (3) we are required by law, (4) processing is required to protect your vital interests or those of another person, or (5) processing is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate commercial interests, except where such interests are overridden by your rights and interests.
Personal Data that you give us
We may use Personal Data that you provide directly to us for the following purposes:
to carry out our obligations arising from your company’s membership, or any other contract entered into between you and us and to provide you with the membership services that you request from us;
to organize events that you have registered for, and to provide you with information, and other materials, relating to the content of the event, the speakers, sponsors, and other attendees;
to provide our newsletter, provided you have given your consent;
to respond to your questions and provide related membership services;
to provide you with information about other events and services we offer, provided you have not opted-out of receiving that information;
to provide you, or permit selected third parties to provide you, with information about events or services we feel may interest you, provided you have given your consent;
to transfer your information as part of a merger or sale of the business; and
to ensure that content from our Site is presented most effectively for you and your computer.
Information we collect about you
We will use Personal Data that we have collected about your use of our Site:
to administer our Site and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
to improve our Site to ensure that content is presented most effectively for you and your computer;
as part of our efforts to keep our Site safe and secure;
to measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you; and
to make suggestions and recommendations to you and other users of our Site about goods or services that may interest you or them.
When we share and who can access your Personal Data
We may share your Personal Data for the purposes described in this Notice with:
other members of our association
partners and suppliers, for the performance of obligations arising from your membership, or any other contract we enter into with them or you or to provide you with the information, products and membership services that you request from us
analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimization of our Site
trusted third-party companies and individuals to help us provide, analyze, and improve the Site and our membership services (including but not limited to data storage, maintenance services, database management, web analytics and payment processing)
We will only transfer your Personal Data to trusted third-parties who provide sufficient guarantees in respect of the technical and organizational security measures governing the processing to be carried out and who can demonstrate a commitment to compliance with those measures.
Selling your Personal Data
We will never sell your Personal Data to third parties.
Security
Although we use security measures to help protect your Personal Data against loss, misuse or unauthorized disclosure, we cannot guarantee the security of information transmitted to us over the internet.
All information you provide to us is stored on secure servers.
Any payment transactions will be encrypted using SSL technology.
Transfer of Personal Data outside of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and International Users
We are headquartered in the United States. Your Personal Data may be accessed by us or transferred to us in the United States or to our affiliates, partners, merchants, or service providers who are located worldwide. If you are visiting our Site from outside the United States, be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored, and processed in the United States where our servers are located, and our central database is operated. By using our Service, you consent to any transfer of this information.
How Long We Store your Personal Data
We will store your Personal Data, in a form which permits us to identify you, for no longer than is necessary for the purpose for which the Personal Data is processed. We may retain and use your Personal Data as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements and rights, or if it is not technically reasonably feasible to remove it. Consistent with these requirements, we will try to delete your Personal Data quickly upon request.
Retention
We will retain your information for as long as your membership is active or as needed to provide you with our Site. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you service, contact us at info@wmia.org. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. We maintain one or more databases to store your Personal Data and may keep such information indefinitely.
Where we store your personal data
The Personal Data that you provide to us is generally stored on servers located in the United States. If you are located in another jurisdiction, you should be aware that once your Personal Data is submitted through our Site, it will be transferred to our servers in the United States and that the United States currently does not have uniform data protection laws in place
Links to Third Party Sites and Services
Our Sites may contain links to third party websites, applications and services not operated by us. These links are provided as a service and do not imply any endorsement by us of the activities or content of these sites, applications or services nor any association with their operators. Company is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of any third party including websites or services directly linked to our Service. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of any third-party site that you link from our Service.
Your rights
Correction and removal
If you wish to have information (including Personal Data) removed from our records, you may do so by contacting us at info@wmia.org.
Opting Out
Additionally, if you prefer not to receive marketing messages from us, please let us know by sending a message to us at info@wmia.org.
Your European Rights
FOR EUROPEAN RESIDENTS ONLY. You have the right to ask us not to process your Personal Data for marketing purposes. We will usually inform you (before collecting your Personal Data) if we intend to use your Personal Data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your Personal Data. You can also exercise the right by contacting us using the WMIA Officers, Directors, and Staff section on our Site.
Under European data protection law, in certain circumstances, you have the right to:
Request access to your Personal Data. You may have the right to request access to any Personal Data we hold about you as well as related information, including the purposes for processing the Personal Data, the recipients or categories of recipients with whom the Personal Data has been shared, where possible, the period for which the Personal Data will be stored, the source of the Personal Data, and the existence of any automated decision making.
Request correction of your Personal Data. You may have the right to obtain without undue delay the rectification of any inaccurate Personal Data we hold about you.
Request erasure of your Personal Data. You may have the right to request that Personal Data held about you is deleted.
Object to processing of your Personal Data. You may have the right to prevent or restrict processing of your Personal Data.
Request restriction of processing your Personal Data Request transfer of your Personal Data. You may have the right to request transfer of Personal Data directly to a third party where this is technically feasible.
Withdraw your consent
In addition, where you believe that ASAE has not complied with its obligations under this Notice or European law, you have the right to make a complaint to an EU Data Protection Authority, such as the UK Information Commissioner’s Office.
You can exercise any of these rights by contacting us using the WMIA Officers, Directors, and Staff section on our Site.
Changes to this Notice
If we make any material changes to this Notice or the way we use, share or collect personal Data, we will notify you by revising the “Effective Date” at the top of this Notice, prominently posting an announcement of the changes on our Site, or sending an email to the email address you most recently provided us (unless we do not have such an email address) prior to the new policy taking effect.
Any changes we make to this Notice in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notification sent to you by e-mail. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to this Notice.
WMIA on Twitter
GET OUR FREE WHITE PAPER
Please use this form if you have any questions and we'll get back with you very soon.
Upcoming EventsWMIA proudly promotes the following events.
Participation strongly encouraged.
Woodworking Industry Conference 2021
Apr 20 - Apr 23
AWFS 2021
Jul 20 - Jul 23
IWF ATLANTA 2022
Aug 23 - Aug 26
FULL EVENT LIST
WMIA Newsletter
WMIA News: November 2020
November 25, 2020
WMIA Board of Directors Candidates wanted, September Housing Report, and more!
WMIA News: October 2020
October 29, 2020
How to support WMIA’s Scholarship Fund, August Housing Report, and more!
WMIA News: September 2020
September 30, 2020
North American Road Show Open House, July Housing Report, and more!
MORE..
Home
News
WMIA Blog
WMIA Newsletter
Events
About Us
About Us
History
Officers/Directors/Staff
Committees
Hall of Honor
2016 Annual Report
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Membership
Join
Member Discounts
WMIA Member Directory
WMIA Members – Get Listed on WoodworkingTechnology.com
Resources
Education
Education and Scholarships
Scholarships
2020 Scholarship Winners
2019 Scholarship Winners
Past WMIA Scholarship Winners
Past Scholarship Recipients – Where Are They Now?
WTII Boot Camp
Awards
Wooden Globe Awards Info
2019 Wooden Globe Awards
2018 Wooden Globe Awards
Previous Wooden Globe Award Winners List
Partner of the Year Award
Partner of the Year Award Winners List
Industry Jobs
Techs
Job Listings
Standards
WMIA’s involvement
Call for ISO Subject Matter Experts (SMEs)
Standards overview
Guide for US/TAG Members & Subject Matter Experts
US/TAG glossary