https://www.bannistersfarm.co.uk/cookie-policy/
Our potatoesCateringAbout the farmBlogFAQsContact
Cookie policy
INTRODUCTION
We use cookies on our website (www.bannistersfarm.co.uk) (the “Site”) for identification and analysis purposes. By using the Site you consent to the storing and accessing of cookies on your device.This cookie policy (“Cookie Policy “) is intended to inform you how Farmhouse Potato Bakers Limited (“we”, “us” or “our”) uses “cookies” and similar technologies and to assist you in making informed decisions when using the Site. Please take a moment to read and understand this Cookie Policy. This Cookie Policy should also be read in conjunction with our Privacy Notice and our Website Terms of Use. Cookies and similar technologies are very small text documents or pieces of code, which often include an anonymous unique identifier. When you visit a website or use a mobile application, a computer asks your computer or mobile device for permission to store this file on your computer or mobile device and access information from it. Information gathered through cookies may include the date and time of visits and how you are using the website.Cookies are used by us as part of our Site and they are also used by some of our third party partners.For more details on cookies and similar technologies please visit All About Cookies. For the purposes of the remaining sections of this Cookie Policy we will refer to all technologies using the above features as “cookies”.
YOU CONSENT TO US USING COOKIES
By continuing to use the Site you are deemed to consent to our use of the cookies described in this Cookie Policy. If you do not consent to us using cookies then please read the next section.
YOU CAN BLOCK COOKIES
You can block the use of cookies by activating the relevant settings in your browser or by following the links below. For more information on cookie management and blocking cookies for a wide variety of browsers, visit All About Cookies.
WHAT HAPPENS WHEN YOU BLOCK COOKIES
In order to use some parts of our Site you may need to accept cookies. If you choose to withhold consent, or subsequently block cookies, some aspects of the Site may not work properly and you may not be able to access all or part of the Site.
WHAT WE DO WITH COOKIES
Strictly Necessary Cookies
We use cookies where they are essential for the operation of the Site, for example to remember that you are signed in to the Site.
Session Cookies
We use cookies to allow the Site to uniquely identify your browsing session on the Site, which allows us to coordinate this information with data from the Site server.
Analytics
We use “analytics” cookies. These, along with other information, allow us to calculate the aggregate number of people using the Site and which features of the Site are most popular.We use this information to improve the Site. We do not generally store any information that you provide to us in a cookie.
MORE INFORMATION
The table below sets out more information about the individual cookies used in the website and the purposes for which they are used:
Cookie Type
Purpose
Type
Google Analytics
_utma
_utmb
_utmc
_utmz
_ga
_gat
These cookies enable us to store information such as the time you visit the website, whether you have visited before and the website that you visited prior to visiting the website.
For more information about Google Analytics please see: Google’s Privacy Overview
Analytics
WordPress logged in
WordPress test
For more information on wordpress cookies please see the WordPress Cookie Page
Strictly necessary
Browser scrolling
This cookie remembers how far down a page you have viewed. It expires at the end of your session.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions about our cookies or this cookies policy please contact us by email at thefarmer@bannistersfarm.co.uk
Date of Policy: May 24th 2018
Sign up for our newsletter
Email*
This iframe contains the logic required to handle Ajax powered Gravity Forms.
By completing this form, you confirm you're 18 or older and don't mind us sending you email newsletters and offers, in accordance with our Privacy Policy. Don't worry – we'll never give anyone else your details without your express permission.
Jobs
Press
Good Causes
FAQs
T&Cs
Privacy Policy
Cookie policy
Contact
01262 605 650
thefarmer@bannistersfarm.co.uk
Bannisters Farm, Farmhouse Potato Bakers Limited, Lancaster Road, Carnaby Ind. Est., East Riding of Yorkshire YO15 3QY
Registered in England & Wales Company No. 1894079
© 2020 Farmhouse Potato Bakers Limited
Site by big fish©
We use cookies so you get the most out of our website. See here for more about the cookies we use and their purposes, and see here to update your settings at any time.