https://www.owfinc.com/privacy.asp
Shopping Cart
0 Items
|
$0.00
Login
Home
|
About Us
|
International/shipping
|
Contact
|
QUICK ORDER
|
View Cart
|
My Account
Departments
Bleak mid Winter sale
Fabric
Notions & Patterns
Webbing & Narrow Goods
Foam & Insulation
Metal Hardware
Plastic Hardware
Zippers
Samples & Grab Bags
View Cart
Account Info
Address Book
Privacy Policy Statement
This is the web site of Outdoor Wilderness Fabrics, Inc.
Our postal address is
123 E Simplot Blvd.
Caldwell, Idaho 83605
We can be reached via e-mail at invowf@owfinc.com
or you can reach us by telephone at 800-693-7467
Hereinafter OWF values your personal privacy rights. OWF is committed to protecting the information you provide us. To prevent unauthorized access and to ensure the appropriate use of the information, OWF has put in place physical and managerial procedures to protect the information placed with us. Our privacy policy is therefore adopted with a commitment to safeguarding these rights:
No Sharing of Information
All information gathered is used by OWF, OWF staff and your Utility Company or Billing Agency. OWF does not sell or rent user information to anyone. OWF does not share or cross-reference personal information gathered through site usage with any other databases or third parties other than in two (2) exceptional cases: (1). When the site is legally compelled to do so; (2). Where disclosure is made at the request or with the written consent of the user. Therefore, unless required to do so as set forth above, we shall not respond to any inquiry from any third party unless we hold your written consent. If an inquiry is received without our having had your written consent to reply, we shall write to you requesting such consent. Our site makes no representations with respect to the creation of profiles or the use of cookies by external Web sites that have links from our site or that read and use information visible on our site.
Gathering of Information
Our IP address log is used to gather broad demographic information. Our site receives feedback from members primarily through email. This information is not shared with any third party except in the two (2) exceptional cases referred to above or unless you authorize us to do so. Our site's registration form requires you, the user, to give us contact information (like your name, telephone post and email addresses). We use that information to contact you when necessary. Financial information that may be collected via secure means is used only for billing purposes. Our site uses state-of-the-art technology to keep your personal information, including your billing and account information, as secure as possible. Additionally, every OWF employee must abide by our privacy policy. Employees who violate our privacy policy are subject to disciplinary action, up to and including termination.
Use of Cookies
As part of its personalized services, OWF may use cookies to store and sometimes track information about you. A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a Web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. All sites on OWF that are customizable require that you accept cookies. Any information obtained from the cookies will be used solely to improve our services to you. By modifying your browser preferences, you have the choice to accept all cookies, to be notified when a cookie is set, or to reject all cookies. Rejecting all cookies may limit your ability to access all areas of the OWF service.
Security of Service
We have state-of-the-art security systems that are protecting your account. However, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. OWF upholds the highest standards and complies with HIPAA privacy and security regulations. As a result, while we do our utmost to protect your information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk. We recommend that you not divulge your password to anyone and that you do not provide access to your account to any other third party. Also, remember to sign out of your account and close the browser window when you have completed your work.
Comments Regarding Service
We make every effort to maximize your privacy rights while you use this service. If you have any questions, concerns, or comments, regarding our privacy policy or any other aspect of our service, please e-mail us at: invowf@owfinc.com
Company Information
About Us
Wholesale Buying
Privacy Policy
Customer Projects
Site Map
My Account
Login / Register
View Cart
Customer Service
International/shipping
Returns
Contact
Prices may vary due to rounding differential and are subject to change without notice.
* All products are sold by the linear yard (major exceptions: zipper & shock cord) unless otherwise noted in the description*
OWF Phone: 1-800-693-7467