http://www.bba-architects.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting the BBA Architects website. This page provides more information on our privacy policy, what data we hold, how we use it and how we may contact you.
We are committed to protecting the privacy of your data and personal information. This policy may be updated as we release new features.
Definitions
BBA Architects are a registered limited company (number 2679820) The Practice is owned and managed by Matt Bollen RIBA, Sally Hewins MCIAT and Dan Washington MRTPI
The use of ‘we’ or ‘us’ refers to BBA Architects LTD
Address: The Studio, Darlington Wharf, Darlington Road, Bath. BA2 6NL
Telephone: +44 (0)1225 460427
Email: mail@bba-architects.co.uk
Website: www.bba-architects.co.uk
What we need
We will collect certain types of data from you depending on your interaction with our website. This may include your name, your email address, and your IP address. We will collect this data when:
You visit our website.
Contact us about our services.
How the information is collected
The type of data we collect depends on the nature of BBA Architects relationship with you. We will collect:
Usage data via IP address. This does not provide us with any personal information about you but allows us to discover more about how you use our website.
Your first and last name when you contact us about our services or sign up to our periodic email newsletter.
Your email address when you contact us about our services or sign up to our periodic email newsletter.
What we use the information for
We will only use your information to support the services we provide you and maintain the current relationship we have with you. We use the information we hold about you in the following ways:
To maintain and improve our online experience. We want to make our web experience as easy as possible for you and others. To do this, we collect non-personal data (IP address and what pages you have visited) to learn how we can improve.
Keeping email addresses on file if you have contacted us about our architectural services.
Sharing your information
In certain circumstances, we will share information:
Internally within BBA Architects for purposes relating to the architectural services we provide.
With your consent, third parties directly related to the advancement and progression of architectural services with which you have commissioned us.
We will never
Share your information or any information relating to you with external parties.
Sell your data for marketing purposes outside of the practice.
Use your data for targeting or display advertising.
Use your data to send unwanted/spam/offensive content or material.
For further information
If you wish to access a copy of the personal data, we hold about you, or you wish for this data to be updated, you can contact us at mail@bba-architects.co.uk
We are committed to your data protection rights. If you want to learn more, email us at mail@bba-architects.co.uk
Third Party Privacy Policies
BBA Architects Website’s Privacy Policy does not apply to other advertisers or websites. Thus, we are advising you to consult the respective Privacy Policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information. It may include their practices and instructions about how to opt-out of certain options.
You can choose to disable cookies through your individual browser options. To know more detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers, it can be found at the browsers’ respective websites.
Children’s Information
Another part of our priority is adding protection for children while using the internet. We encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in, and/or monitor and guide their online activity.
BBA Architects Website does not knowingly collect any Personal Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13. If you think that your child provided this kind of information on our website, we strongly encourage you to contact us immediately and we will do our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.
Log Files
BBA Architects Website follows a standard procedure of using log files. These files log visitors when they visit websites. All hosting companies do this and a part of hosting services’ analytics. The information collected by log files include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date and time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks. These are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable. The purpose of the information is for analysing trends, administering the site, tracking users’ movement on the website, and gathering demographic information.
Cookies and Web Beacons
Like any other website, BBA Architects Website uses ‘cookies’. These cookies are used to store information including visitors’ preferences, and the pages on the website that the visitor accessed or visited. The information is used to optimize the users’ experience by customizing our web page content based on visitors’ browser type and/or other information.
For more general information on cookies, please read “What Are Cookies”.
Copyright © 2020 BBA Architects Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy - Terms & Conditions