http://www.alphametal.com/privacy-and-legal
Home
Company
Back
Careers
Certifications
Giving Back
Industries Served
Meet The Team
News/Events
Testimonials
Alpha Is Open!
Services
Back
Anodizing
Back
Acid Etch
Aluminum Castings
Color Anodizing
Firearms Anodizing
Hardcoat Anodizing
Chemical Film
Back
Trivalent Chromate (TCP)
Custom Services
Back
Precision Masking
Packaging
Parts Cleaning
PTFE Coating
Pickup and Delivery
Technical Support
Stainless Passivation
Resources
Back
Before You Anodize
Ask The Expert
Back
Expert Answers
FAQ's
Contact Us
Back
Rapid Quote
Blog
Privacy and Legal
Privacy
We do not collect information about visitors to our website unless they correspond with us via email. We do collect those email addresses in order to periodically correspond with our visitors about updates to our website, or to share news about upcoming events or information that might be helpful. We never share information collected with other organizations.
If you do not want to receive email from us in the future, please let us know by sending an email to This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it..
Third Party Links
We may provide on-line links to third party web sites; however, these links are provided as a convenience only and should not be considered as an Alpha Metal Finishing Company endorsement of the site, the party that maintains the site or presents products, service or information on the site. Such links to third party sites will take you out of our website, and we are not responsible for the contents of any linked site or any link contained in a linked site, any changes or updates to such sites, or the use of your information by the operators of such site.
Copyright Notice
All written material, code, and images found on this website is the property of Alpha Metal Finishing Company or its content suppliers and is protected by United States Federal Copyright law, with all rights reserved. Users of this site may use the content and software on this site as an information resource. Any other use, including the reproduction, modification, distribution, transmission, republication, display or performance, of the content on this site is strictly prohibited without explicit written permission from Alpha Metal Finishing Company.
Rapid Quote
Get a rapid quote for your parts!
Review our capabilities
Request Quote
©
2010 -
2020
Alpha Metal Finishing Company - All Rights Reserved
To Top