https://www.terra-nova.co.uk/p/customer-services/privacy-security/
INFORMATION
The Company
History of Terra Nova Equipment
About the Brands
Awards & Achievements
The World's Lightest Tent
Trading Statements and Policies
Ethical Trading Statement
Trade / Export / Distributor Enquiries
Careers / Vacancies
Customer Services
Contact Information
Delivery & Returns
UK Delivery
International Delivery
Returns
Product Guarantees
Guarantee Information
Register Your Product
Tent Repair
Specialist Services
Gold Mark Service
Bespoke Orders
Outdoor Professionals
Customer Feedback
Terra Nova Tent Trade In
Tent Show Calendar
Terms & Conditions
Privacy & Security
Copyright & Trademarks
Covid-19 Latest Information
Help & Advice
Product Information
Tent Owners Manual
Materials & Technology
Tent Pitching Instructions
Product Reviews
Clothing Size Guides
Product Grading System
Buying Guides
Choosing The Right Tent
Choosing The Right Family Tent
Tent Selector Tool
Choosing The Perfect Pack
Choosing a Sleeping Bag
Choosing The Right Gloves / Mitts
Choosing The Right Hat
Understanding The Bothy
Tarps & Their Varied Uses
Activity Guides
Top Tips & Guides Blog
FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions)
Blog
Store Finder
Last date for placing orders is 17th December.
We will be closed for Christmas from 5pm Friday 18th December and re-open on Monday 4th January 2021.
Covid -19 update: please click here to read our latest information
Login/Sign-Up
Basket0
Privacy & Security
The information given in this site will not be disclosed to any other party or be used for any other purpose than that stated. Terra Nova Equipment makes every effort to maintain the accuracy of the information on this Web Site, but cannot accept responsibility for any loss or damage which may occur from use of the information. If you find anything that causes concern, please let us know. Given that the Internet uses an open system, we cannot warrant that the site and downloads reach you virus-free. You must, therefore, take all appropriate precautions for your own safety.
Privacy Policy
Who we are
This privacy policy relates to Terra Nova Equipment Ltd, company registration number: 2827783 registered in England and Wales.
What information do we collect about you?
We collect information about you when you:
Place an order for our products
Register as a user for our website
Register products for guarantee.
Use our website
We may also collect information when you contact us with an enquiry etc
Personal information we collect includes but is not limited to: your name, address, email address, delivery address(es) for your orders, telephone number and your product selection and actions on our website.
Website usage information is collected using cookies (see below for cookies policy).
Why do we collect this information about you?
We collect and use your information:
In order to process your order, returns, repairs and exchanges and manage your account. Without this information we cannot provide the services you have requested. The lawful basis on which we process this information is contractual.
We may also use your data to send you offers and promotions more tailored to you.
Sending you marketing information
Where you have agreed, we may use your information to:
Send you marketing information such as special offers, promotions, other products, services and marketing information that we think may be of interest to you. We may also ask you to take part in surveys and competitions. You have to opt in to receive this type of communication and have the right at any time to stop us from contacting you.
Share with companies within the Hubaco group, which Terra Nova Equipment Ltd is a part, so that they may offer you their products and services. You have to opt in to receive this type of communication and have the right at any time to stop further communication from other companies in the group.
You have the right to withdraw your consent to receive marketing from us at any time. You can do this by logging into your account where you have one, clicking ‘unsubscribe’ at the bottom of our marketing emails or contacting us directly at marketing@terra-nova.co.uk with ‘unsubscribe’ in the subject field.
Where we store your data
Your personal data is stored in our website and company systems.
How long we keep your data for
The personal information you provide to us will be retained only for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes for which the information was collected or as required by law.
Do we share your data?
For the purpose of providing our services and products to you we may share your personally identifiable information with:
Organisations which provide a service to us or act on our behalf, on the understanding that they will keep the information confidential, for example, our IT providers, Accountants, couriers and email marketing providers. If they are located in another country (which may be outside the European Economic Area) we will make sure that they agree to apply the same levels of protection as we are required to apply to information held in the UK and to use your information only for the purpose of providing the service to us.
Any third party to whom we have a duty to do so in order to satisfy any legal or regulatory requirements, such as HMRC.
Our policy is not to share personally identifiable information with third parties, unless required by law, in order to perform our obligation to you (such as fulfilling an order) or where you have specifically agreed to receive communication from a third party.
How can I correct or access the information about me?
We want to make sure that your personal information is accurate and up to date. You may update information held on our website by logging into your account where you have one.
You may also ask us to correct or remove information you think is inaccurate.
You have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you.
If you would like to correct, remove or a copy of some or all of your personal information, please email or write to us at the following address dataprotection@terra-nova.co.uk
Data Protection Officer
Terra Nova Equipment Ltd
Hubaco House
Railway View
Clay Cross
Chesterfield
S45 9FR, UK.
Changes to our privacy policy
We keep our privacy policy under regular review and we will place any updates on this web page.
Who is the Data Controller?
The Data Controller is Terra Nova Equipment Ltd, Hubaco House, Railway View, Clay Cross, Chesterfield, S45 9FR | Tel: +44(0)1773 833300 | email: dataprotection@terra-nova.co.uk
More information about Data Protection and your rights under the GDPR are available at: www. https://ico.org.uk/
Complaints
You have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) https://ico.org.uk/if you feel that there is a problem with the way we are handling your personal data.
We are committed to keeping your details private and only using information in accordance with our Data Protection Licence. We do not release your details to third parties save as required by law. If you provide us with information either by registering with us or e-mailing an enquiry to us, then this information will only be used by us to:
Process your orders
Contact you if there are any queries in relation to your orders
Marketing analysis purposes
If you agree, to tell you about products or special offers that we think may be of interest to you.
You agree that you do not object to us contacting you for any of these reasons and that you do not consider this to be a breach of your rights under the Telecommunications (Data Protection and Privacy) Regulations 1999.
We may need to share your information with third parties, eg. delivery companies or credit card companies, in relation to your order or because we are required to do so by law. We will not provide your Personal Information to any third party for mailing or marketing purposes.
If you would prefer not to receive marketing information from us, for example new product and service information and such like, or have previously agreed to this, but change your mind please contact us.
Acceptance of Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions
Use of this site is deemed to demonstrate acceptance of these terms and conditions. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not use this site. We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this policy at any time. Please check this page periodically for any modifications. Your continued use of the Terra Nova website following the posting of any changes to these terms shall mean that you have accepted those changes.
Cookie Policy
What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files containing a string of characters that can be placed on your computer or mobile device that uniquely identify your browser or device.
Strictly necessary cookies are essential and enable core functionality such as processing your shopping cart and e-billing, without them the website cannot function properly.
Performance cookies collect information about how visitors use a website, for instance which pages visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages. These cookies don’t collect information that identifies a visitor. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous.
Functionality cookies allow a website to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personal features.
Targeting / advertising cookies are used to deliver adverts more relevant to you and your interests They are also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as help measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaign.
How long will cookies stay on my device?
The length of time a cookie will stay on your computer or mobile device depends on whether it is a “persistent” or “session” cookie. Session cookies will only stay on your device until you stop browsing. Persistent cookies stay on your computer or mobile device until they expire or are deleted.
What cookies we use and why
Performance Cookies
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics to analyse how visitors use our site; including the number of visitors to the site, visitor country location, browser and device type used and the pages they visited. These cookies don’t collect information that identifies a visitor. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. We only use this information to improve how a website works.
Google Analytics session cookies:
_utmb cookie and _utmc cookie  – calculate visit length
_gat cookie  – used to throttle request rates from busy sites
Google Analytics persistent cookies:
__utma cookie – tracks visitors – lasts 2 years
_utmz  cookie – monitors where and how the visitor arrived – lasts 2 years
_utmv cookie – used for segementation  – lasts 6 months
_ga cookie – distinguishes users – lasts 2 years
_gid – distinguishes users – lasts 24 hours
The Google Analytics security and privacy principles are available here
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites, visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Targeting / Advertising Cookies
NID – by Google – used to help customize ads. It is used to remember your most recent searches, your previous interactions with an advertiser’s ads or search results, and your visits to an advertiser’s website. This helps more relevant adverts be shown to you.
IDE – by DoubleClick.net (a business owned by Google) checks what advert and pages you browse. This is then used to control how often an ad is shown to a browser, how long it is shown for and how often it will appear. It may check what section of our website are you browsing to send you ads which should be of your interest. A unique ID is collected from your browser and tracks how you use the site, when you visit sites from other parties, we may do the re-marketing of our services.
More information about how Doubleclick uses cookies
https://support.google.com/dfp_premium/answer/2839090?hl=en
Cookies themselves contain no personally identifiable information. Information associated with cookies used in advertising may be added to the user’s Google Account.
You can control the information Google uses to show you ads by viewing, deleting or adding interest categories associated with your browser by visiting: https://adssettings.google.com.
More information about the advertising cookies that Google sets
https://policies.google.com/technologies/types
https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/collection/analyticsjs/cookie-usage
Third Party Cookies
To improve the user experience, we sometimes embed video content from websites such as YouTube. As a result, when you visit a page with content embedded from these external services you may be presented with cookies from these websites. We do not control the use of these cookies.  You should check the relevant policy of the third party website for more information about these.
Links to other websites
www.terra-nova.co.uk contains links to and from other websites.This privacy policy only applies to this website, and doesn’t cover other sites and resources that we link to. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the linked website.
Managing Cookies
How to manage cookies on popular browsers
Google
https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/61416?co=GENIE.Platform%3DDesktop&hl=en
Microsoft Edge
https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-10-microsoft-edge-and-privacy
Mozilla Firefox
https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences
Microsoft Internet Explorer
https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies
Opera
https://www.opera.com/help/tutorials/security/privacy/
Apple Safari
https://support.apple.com/kb/ph21411?locale=en_US
To find information relating to other browsers, visit the browser developer’s website.