https://www.crowe.com/global/privacy-policy
home
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: May 25, 2018
This Privacy Policy governs the online information collection practices of Crowe Global (“Crowe,” “we” or “us”). Specifically, it outlines the types of information that we gather about you while you are using our website (the “Site”), and the ways in which we use this information.
Crowe Global is a leading international network of separate and independent accounting and consulting firms that are licensed to use “Crowe” trademarks in connection with the provision of professional services to their clients. Crowe Global itself is a non-practicing entity and does not provide professional services to clients. Services are provided by the member firms. Crowe Global and its member firms are not agents of, and do not obligate, one another and are not liable for one another’s acts or omissions.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully.  By visiting and using the Site, you agree that your use of our Site, and any dispute over privacy, is governed by this Privacy Policy.
How We Collect and Use Information
We may collect, store and process personal or other information that you supply to us through your use of the Site.  For example, individuals who applied for registration as a Member Firm may be contacted by Crowe, and individuals who contacted us with their information may be contacted to answer their inquiries.
Crowe collects personally identifying information from our users through the Site’s Contact Us (https://www.crowe.com/global/contact-us) and Join Us (https://www.crowe.com/global/about-us/join-us) pages, and from time to time there may be other pages where information may be sought which will seek similar information.  Generally, this information includes names, phone numbers, e-mail addresses, passwords and employment information for registration or opt-in purposes.   Similar information may be collected through our Member Portal.
We also collect and store information that is generated automatically as you navigate online through the Site. For example, we may collect information about your computer's connection to the Internet, which allows us, among other things, to improve the delivery of our web pages to you and to measure traffic on the Site.  The Site may also automatically recognize and store information about the type of browser you are using; your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address; the time, date, and length of your visit; and the referring site.  We also use a standard browser software feature called a “cookie,” in order to enhance your experience with the Site. Cookies are small files that your web browser places on your hard drive for record-keeping purposes. By showing how and when visitors use the Site, cookies help identify how many unique users visit us, track user trends and patterns, and may help deliver advertisements or other notices.  They also may prevent you from having to re-enter your preferences on certain areas of the Site where you may have entered preference information before.   Cookies may not expire unless you manually delete them or set your browser to reject them.  If you do not accept cookies, you may have difficulty navigating the Website, or the performance may not be the same.  The Site also may use web beacons (single-pixel graphic files also known as “transparent GIFs”) to access cookies and to count users who visit the Site or open HTML-formatted email messages.
We may use the information we collect from you while you are using the Site in a variety of ways, including using the information to customize features and advertising that may appear on the Site.  Crowe may also share information you provide us with our Crowe Member Firms (“Members”) who may use your information to contact you as a prospective Member, client or for similar business purposes.  Our Members may share your information with other Members, and in cases where our Members may collect information from you directly, our Members may share such information with us.  In cases where your information is collected by our Members, the privacy policy of any such Members, would also apply to that Member’s use of your information, and those policies may differ from ours.  If you have any questions regarding the privacy policy of one of our Members, you should contact the Member directly for more information.
We may also provide your information to third parties such as data processors or other service providers or advertisers in order to improve your experience with us, our Members, or the Site, or to provide you with information about related products and services.
If you do not wish your information to be used for any of the above described purposes, email:  contactus@crowe.org and specify the purposes for which you do not want your information to be used.  Please allow us a reasonable time to remove your information from these purposes and cessation of these purposes may therefore not be immediate.
Additionally, Crowe may disclose your information to the extent that such disclosure is required by law or to such an extent as we reasonably believe such disclosure is necessary to protect our legal interests. We reserve the right to cooperate with legal authorities and to release such information to comply with legal process.  Your information may also be transferred to a third party in the event of a sale, acquisition, merger or bankruptcy involving Crowe, or the change in Member Firm for a specific jurisdiction.
The Site may also include links to other websites or provide access to products and services offered by third parties, whose privacy policies we do not control. When you access another website or purchase third party products or services, use of any information you provide is governed by the privacy policy of the site you are visiting who is providing such products or services or collecting your information.
Use of Google Analytics
We may also use Google Analytics Advertiser Features (or other similar services) to optimize our business.
Advertiser features include:
Remarketing with Google Analytics;
Google Display Network Impression Reporting;
DoubleClick Platform Integrations; and
Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting
By enabling these Google Analytics Display features, we are required to notify our visitors by disclosing the use of these features and that we and third-party vendors use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) or other first-party identifiers, and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to gather data about your activities on our Site.  Among other uses, this allows us to contact you if you begin to fill out our check-out form but abandon it before completion with an email reminding you to complete your order.  The “Remarketing” feature allows us to reach people who previously visited our Site, and match the right audience with the right advertising message.
You can opt out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting Google’s ad settings and/or you may opt out of a third-party vendor's use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
Location of Your Information
Your personal data will be processed by us in the United States in accordance with applicable law.  To the extent your data is transferred to or between our Members internationally, such transfers will be effected through use of appropriate safeguards under applicable law.  BY AGREEING TO THE CROWE PRIVACY POLICY, YOU UNEQUIVOCALLY AND UNAMBIGUOUSLY CONSENT TO THE COLLECTION AND PROCESSING IN THE UNITED STATES OF ANY PERSONAL AND NON-PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED OR OBTAINED BY CROWE, AND YOU AGREE THAT UNITED STATES LAW GOVERNS ANY SUCH COLLECTION AND PROCESSING.  OUR MEMBERS MAY PROCESS DATA IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS.  YOU AGREE TO SUCH COLLECTION AND PROCESSING IN SUCH JURISDICTIONS.
Storage Of Your Information
Your information is stored on Crowe’s servers that deliver our content and messaging, and is kept as long as such information remains potentially useful for the purposes it was collected, and not any longer.  Your information can only be accessed by our Members that subscribe to our Global Directory and those who help manage our Member portal.   Such Members may also store such information.
Email Marketing And Opt-Out
To the extent required by the United States’ Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited Pornography and Marketing Act of 2003 (CAN-SPAM Act), or other similar domestic and international regulation, all of the commercial emails sent to you by us will include an unsubscribe link in them. You can remove yourself at any time from our mailing list by clicking on the unsubscribe link that can be found in every communication that we send you.
Please note that changes to your email marketing preferences may not be effective immediately, and Crowe may be unable to prevent all commercial email contact from our Members,  which may require you to separately take advantage of opt-out features provided by our Members.
Your Privacy Rights
You have the right to access, transport, update, rectify, or erase your personal data, as well as the right to object to or restrict its processing, transform it into anonymous form, or withdraw from any consent-based uses.  These rights may be exercised by emailing contactus@crowe.org.  You also have a right to complain to your local data protection authorities if you believe your privacy rights related to your personal information have not been properly observed.
Additionally, California’s “Shine the Light” Law (CA Civil Code § 1798.83) allows California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosures, if any, of your personally identifiable information to third parties for their own direct marketing purposes in the prior calendar year. To make such a request, please email: contactus@crowe.org with “Request for California Privacy” in the letter subject line.
When contacting us regarding your rights, you must include sufficient detail for us to locate your file; at a minimum, your name, email and postal address.
We will attempt to provide you with the requested information within thirty (30) days of receipt. We reserve our right not to respond to requests sent more than once in a calendar year, or requests submitted to an address other than the one posted in this notice. Please note that the California Shine the Light law does not cover all information sharing, and our disclosure may only include information covered by the law.
Updates to Privacy Policy
Crowe reserves the right to update and revise this Privacy Policy at its discretion. You can determine if this Privacy Policy has been revised since your last visit by referring to the “Effective Date of Current Policy” date at the top of this page. Your use of our Website constitutes your acceptance of the terms of the Privacy Policy as amended or revised by us, and you should therefore review this Privacy Policy regularly to ensure that you are aware of its terms.
If you have questions concerning this privacy policy, please email contactus@crowe.org.
© 2018 Crowe Global