http://www.healthcents.com/privacy-policy
April 16, 2020
2020-06-02 7:38
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Who we are
Healthcents LLC. Our website address is: https://www.healthcents.com.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it?
When visitors leave comments on the site (such as filling our forms) we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
Media
Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment (such as in a form), the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so that we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website, we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile via forms. Any user my opt out be sending an email to info@healthcents.com or by opting out on future emails that they receive.
What rights you have over your data
If you completed a form, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes. Please email: info@healthcents.com the form completed along with your email and request.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.,
Have ContractingQuestions?
Let's Talk!
© 2020 Healthcents  All Rights Reserved.
Company
Sign Better Contracts
Contact Us
Negotiate Higher Rates
Privacy Policy
Expand Your Team
Blueprint for Success
About Us
RevolutionSoftware
Insights
Contacts
2121 Lohmans Crossing RdSuite 504-823Austin, TX  78734
1 (800) 497-4970
info@healthcents.com
The information provided by Healthcents, LLC (the “Company”) on this website is informational in nature, and has not been tailored or modified to fit any particular set of facts. You should review and consider these materials at your own risk, and they should not be considered as client advice. To the extent you desire to establish a consulting relationship with the Company and obtain tailored advice regarding your specific operations and potential revenue growth, please contact info@healthcents.com. The Company disclaims any liability with respect to the materials set forth herein.
Search for:
Search
Growth Solutions
Sign Better Contracts
Negotiate Higher Rates
Expand Your Team
Resources
Case Studies
White Papers
Newsroom
Blog
About Us
Contact Us