https://www.fillmorecontainer.com/privacy_policy/
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for www.fillmorecontainer.com. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you of:1.    what personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.2.    what choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.3.    the security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.4.    how you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.Information Collection, Use, and SharingFillmore Container is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.Your Access to and Control of InformationYou may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:•    See what data we have about you, if any.•    Change/correct any data we have about you.•    Have us delete any data we have about you.•    Express any concern you have about our use of your data.SecurityWe take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page.While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.Online Account RegistrationTo make online shopping faster and easier, you may register an account on our website. As a registered customer, you only have to enter your shipping addresses and billing information once; they will be securely stored with us for your future use. Using your name and a password of your choice, you may access your account online at any time to add, delete, or change information. Registered users have easy access to shipment tracking, order history, product favorites, etc. Your information is only used to contact you about the products/services on our site in which you have expressed interest. If you are using a public computer, we strongly encourage you to Sign Out when you finish shopping any website to prevent your information from being accessible to anyone else from that computer.EmailsYou will receive promotional emails from us. If at any time you decide you do not want to receive Fillmore Container's email newsletter, you can click on the "Unsubscribe" link at the bottom of any email communication sent by us. Please allow us 3 business days from when the request was received to complete the removal, as some of our promotions may already have been in process before you submitted your request.AcceptanceBy using this website, you accept the policies set forth in this Privacy Policy.OrdersWe request information from you on our order form. To buy from us, you must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we'll use this information to contact you.CookiesWe use "cookies" on our website. A cookie is a piece of data stored on any site visitor's hard drive to help improve access to our site and identify repeat visitors. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.Surveys & ContestsFrom time to time our site requests information via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you may choose whether or not to participate. Contest information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of our web site.If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us via telephone at 866-345-5527 or Via Mail.
Newsletter
Sign me up!
Follow Us!
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest