https://www.maxmachinery.com/terms-of-use/
About Us
Our Team
Warranty
Press
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Terms of Use
MMI Terms and Conditions of Use
By accessing this website you indicate your acknowledgment and acceptance of these terms and conditions.
This website is controlled by Max Machinery, Inc. (“MMI”), which is headquartered in Healdsburg, California.
ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS
When you visit this website or send e-mails to us, you are communicating with us electronically. You consent to receive communications from us electronically. We will communicate with you by e-mail or by posting notices on this site. You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.
COPYRIGHT
All content included on this site, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio and video clips, data, code, and software (collectively “Materials”), is the property of MMI or its content suppliers and protected by international copyright laws. The compilation of all content on this site is the exclusive property of MMI and is protected by international copyright laws. All software used on this site is the property of MMI or its software suppliers and protected by international copyright laws.
LAWS AND REGULATIONS
These terms of use shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the state of California without regard to any Conflict of Law Provision. Any dispute arising under these Terms and Conditions of Use shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of any state or Federal Court located in Sonoma County, California.
INTERNATIONAL USERS
The website can be accessed from various other countries around the world. As each of these places has laws that may differ from the laws of the United States, by accessing this website you agree that the statutes and laws of the United States, without regard to conflicts of laws principles thereof, will apply to all matters arising from or relating to use of this website.  MMI makes no representation that any Materials on this website are acceptable or available for use at other locations outside of the United States.  You acknowledge and agree that your use or access of any of this website from locations where any content is illegal is prohibited. You may not use any of this website or the Materials in violation of U.S. export laws and regulations. If you access this website from locations outside of the United States, you acknowledge and agree that you do so at your own risk and that it is your responsibility to comply with any and all foreign laws and regulations which exist outside of the United States.
LIMITED LICENSE
MMI grants to its customers a limited license to access and make personal use of this site and its Materials and not to download (other than page caching) or modify it, or any portion of it, except with express written consent of MMI. This license does not include any resale or commercial use of this site or its Materials; any collection and use of any product listings, descriptions, or prices; any derivative use of this site or its contents; any downloading or copying of account information for the benefit of another merchant; or any use of data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools. This site or any portion of this site may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, transmitted, broadcast, visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without express written consent of MMI.
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITIES
This site, its content, and any associated services are provided by MMI on an “as is” and “as available” basis. MMI makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of this site, to the information, content, materials or products included on this site, or to the functionality of any services associated therewith. To the fullest extent permissible by applicable law, MMI disclaims any and all implied warranties, including but not limited to implied warranties of title, merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, of workmanlike effort, of suitability, availability, accuracy, reliability, completeness or timeliness of content, or of non-infringement, as well as warranties arising through the course of dealing or usage or trade. Further, MMI makes no representations or warranties that this site and/or its contents are accurate, complete, reliable, current or error-free, or that any disclosures on this site satisfy government regulations regarding the disclosure of information related to certain products. MMI is not responsible for typographical errors or omissions relating to pricing, text, photography or any other contents on this site.
By using the MMI site, you acknowledge that your use of the site, including your use of any and all downloaded or accessed from or through this site, and any associated services is solely at your own risk. MMI does not warrant or guarantee that its site, servers or e-mails sent by or on behalf of MMI are free of viruses or other harmful components.  Further, MMI does not guarantee the continuous, uninterrupted and error-free operation of its site, nor that all communications between you and MMI, or between you and any other user of the site, will be secure from access or interference by third parties.
MMI will not be liable for any damages of any kind arising from or otherwise related to your use of or inability to use this site or the associated services, including but not limited to direct, indirect, incidental, punitive and consequential damages, even if MMI has been advised of or should have known of the possibility of such damages. Without limiting the foregoing, MMI will not be liable for any damage to your computer, telecommunication equipment, or other property caused by or arising from your accessing or use of this site, or from your downloading of any Materials from this site, or for any damages arising out of a third party’s unauthorized access to and use of your personal information stored on MMI’s computers and/or servers.
MMI reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to correct any errors or omissions in any portion of the site or any of the Materials and may make any other changes to the site, Materials, products, services or suggested list prices described anywhere on this site at any time with or without notice.
Certain state or local laws do not allow limitations on implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain damages. If these laws apply to you, some or all of the above disclaimers, exclusions or limitation may not apply to you, and you may have additional rights.
Asset 16