http://www.plascoat.com/thermoplasticcoatings_global/en_GB/terms-of-use.html
Terms of Use | Axalta Thermoplastic Powder Coatings
Third Party Website
You are now leaving our site. Thank you for visiting. A new browser window will open for you to view the third party website you have selected. We assume no responsibility for any material or information you may encounter on third party websites. We do not monitor and do not endorse any third party websites, products or content for which those links are provided. Third party websites may have privacy policies, terms of use and terms of sale that are different from the policies and terms of our website. To return to our site, please select the original browser window. Otherwise, continue to your destination.
Forward to external page
Cancel
Home
Terms of Use
Terms of Use and Legal Entity
Legal Entity
Plascoat Systems Limited
Head Office address: Farnham Trading Estate, Farnham, Surrey GU9 9NY United Kingdom
Company number: 514584
VAT number: GB 270657982
+44 12 52 733 777
Email Axalta Thermoplastic Powder Coatings
Terms of Use
Welcome to this Website.  Axalta offers this site to you subject to the following Terms and Conditions.  Your use of this site shall be your agreement to abide by the terms set forth below. If you have any questions about these terms, please contact the CORPORATE INFORMATION CENTER. Please note that these Terms and Conditions also apply to your use of any of our smartphone apps.
Information
Axalta may modify and/ or discontinue operation of all or portions of this site at any time in its sole discretion, without notice and assumes no responsibility to update the site.
Copyright
All rights reserved. The text, images, graphics, sound files, animation files, video files and their arrangement on Axalta Internet sites are all subject to Copyright and other intellectual property protection. These objects may not be copied for commercial use or distribution, nor may these objects be modified or reposted to other sites. This applies in particular to reproductions, translations, archiving on microfilm and electronic data processing.
Trademarks
Unless otherwise indicated, all marks displayed on Axalta Internet sites are subject to trademark rights, including each of Axalta’s corporate logos, emblems and model name plates. The Axalta logo, Axalta, Axalta Coating Systems, and all of Axalta’s product and service names are trademarks or registered trademarks of Axalta Coating Systems, LLC and/or its affiliates. Other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. Axalta trademarks may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not an Axalta product or service.
Country-specific product information
Axalta provides information with respect to its global and local business that might not be relevant to every visitor around the world. If Axalta’s products, programs and services mentioned in this site are not available in your country, any such reference does not imply that Axalta intends to announce these products, programs or services in your country. Consult your local Axalta contact for further information as to the availability of our products in your country.
Disclaimer of Warranties
All images, texts, prices and other contents have been collected and arranged by Axalta with the utmost diligence and are displayed on this Website for information purposes only. However, even in those cases where you will use this information to conduct business with us, Axalta does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of any information contained in this site. Except for direct damages caused by Axalta’s willful misconduct or gross negligence, Axalta is not liable for any direct, indirect, special, punitive, incidental, or other consequential damages arising out of or in connection with your visit to this Web site, including, without limitation, lost profits, business interruption, and loss of programs or electronic data.
Axalta further excludes any implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for any particular purpose or non-infringement of laws and patents or other third party rights.
Linking
For the convenience of our visitors Axalta provides links and references to other Web sites. However, certain links on this site may lead to resources located on servers maintained by third parties over whom Axalta has no control. Axalta is not responsible for third party content or the availability of third party sites or their contents.
All links to Axalta websites by third parties must be approved in writing by Axalta, except that Axalta consents to links in which the link and the pages that are activated by the link do not:
Create frames or border environments around any page or materials on the Axalta website or use other techniques that alter in any way the visual presentation or appearance of any content within the Axalta website;
Create comparisons of Axalta products or services with competitive products or services;Replicate any materials on that Axalta website or any Axalta logo or trademark without separate written consent by Axalta;
Misrepresent your relationship with Axalta;
Imply that Axalta approves or endorses the linking party, the linking party’s website, or the linking party’s service or product offerings in any way;
Present false or misleading impressions about Axalta or otherwise damage the goodwill associated with the Axalta name and trademarks;
Contain content that could be construed as abusive, threatening, harassing, profane or offensive, excessively violent, or which violates or encourages others to violate any applicable law;
Contains content that could be construed as obscene, pornographic or sexually explicit materials.
Color Display
The content displayed on this website is for informational purposes only and is not legally binding. Color display in particular is dependent of hardware properties and settings. Color variations between the online display and the actual appearance of coatings can therefore not be excluded.
No License
The intellectual property displayed on this Website, including patents, trademarks and copyrights, is protected. Nothing on this site shall be construed as granting, by implication or otherwise, any license or right in or to the intellectual property rights without the express written permission of Axalta or, if not Axalta, the owner of respective rights.
Confidentiality of password
Should a User have been granted a password/access code, he is solely responsible for the Security and Confidentiality of such password/access code. Any transfer of such information to third parties is prohibited. The password/access code shall exclusively be used to get access to that platform and to use the services offered on that platform. The User is solely responsible for all entries and transactions made under his name. Should the User have gained knowledge that a non-authorized party has had access to his password/access code, he is obliged to promptly modify his password/access code.
Choice of Law
This site has been created to comply with German law. Axalta does not give any guarantee for compliance with the laws of any other country. Any claims or suits associated with the site or its use shall be governed and constructed in accordance with the laws of Germany, excluding its conflicts of law principles unless otherwise specified in relation to a specific transaction.