https://www.norwegianlog.co.uk/privacy-policy
Showroom now open by appointment only - Click here for the Norwegian Log COVID-19 updatePrivacy PolicyNorwegian Log Buildings Limited (Company Number 04104338) of 230 London Road, Earley, Reading, Berkshire, RG6 1AH ("We") are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.This policy (together with our terms of use ( https://www.norwegianlog.co.uk/terms-and-conditions) and any other documents referred to on it) sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. By visiting www.norwegianlog.co.uk you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this policy. For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998 (the Act), the data controller is Norwegian Log Buildings Limited (Company Number 04104338) of 230 London Road, Earley, Reading, Berkshire, RG6 1AH (the “Company”). Information we collect from youWe will collect and process the following data about you:Information you give us. This is information about you that you give us by through use of our site www.norwegianlog.co.uk (our site) or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise. It includes information you provide when you register to use our site, subscribe to any service, search for a product, place an order on our site, and when you report a problem with our site. The information you give us or which we may collect may include your name, address, e-mail address and phone number, financial and credit card information, personal description and photograph, location data and online identifiers.Information we collect about you. With regard to each of your visits to our site we will automatically collect the following information:technical information, including the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform;information about your visit, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL), clickstream to, through and from our site (including date and time), products you viewed or searched for, page response times, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), methods used to browse away from the page, and any phone number used to call our customer service number.Information we receive from other sources. This is information we receive about you if you use any of the other websites we operate or the other services we provide. We are working closely with third parties (including, for example, business partners, sub-contractors in technical, payment and delivery services, advertising networks, analytics providers, search information providers, credit reference agencies). We will notify you when we receive information about you from them and the purposes for which we intend to use that information.CookiesOur website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our site. For detailed information on the cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them see our Cookie policy ( https://www.norwegianlog.co.uk/cookie-policy).Uses made of the informationWe use information held about you in the following ways:Information you give to us. We will use this information for the following purposes:to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us and to provide you with information, products and services that you request from us;to provide you, or permit selected third parties to provide you, with information about goods or services we feel may interest you or that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about. Before we use your data in this way, or to pass your details on to third parties for marketing purposes, we would  obtain a specific consent from you;to notify you about changes to our service; andto ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.Information we collect about you. We will use this information:to administer our site and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;to improve our site to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;to allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so;as part of our efforts to keep our site safe and secure;to measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you;to make suggestions and recommendations to you and other users of our site about goods or services that may interest you or them.Information we receive from other sources. We will combine this information with information you give to us and information we collect about you. We will use this information and the combined information for the purposes set out above (depending on the types of information we receive).Disclosure of your informationYou agree that we have the right to share your personal information with:Any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company andits subsidiaries, as defined in section 1159 of the UK Companies Act 2006.Selected third parties including:business partners, suppliers and sub-contractors for the performance of any contract we enter into with them or you;analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of our site;credit reference agencies for the purpose of assessing your credit score where this is a condition of us entering into a contract with you.We will disclose your personal information to third parties:In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we will disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.If the Company or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of use or terms and conditions of supply and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of the Company, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.Where we store your personal dataThe data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area ("EEA"). It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. This includes staff engaged in, among other things, the fulfilment of any order, the processing of your payment details and the provision of support services. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.If we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.Your rightsYou have the right to:-ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes even if you have previously consented to this;request access to, deletion of or correction of, your personal data;request that your personal data be transferred to another person;complain to a supervisory authority; andaccess information we hold about you in accordance with the Act.You can exercise or discuss any of the above rights at any time by contacting us at contact@norwegianlog.co.uk.Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.How long we will keep your personal dataWe aim to keep your personal data no longer than is strictly necessary for the uses set out earlier in this policy. We will review periodically the personal data stored by us and it will be deleted if no longer applicable to such uses (for example, if you have not purchased goods or services from us, or made any enquiries, for some time).Changes to our privacy policyAny changes we make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our privacy policy.ContactQuestions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to Dan Barber at contact@norwegianlog.co.uk
Discover the experience
It's warm and it's cosy; it's solid and it's quiet. The fragrance of pine reminds you of Scandinavian forests and summer evenings. Your imagination starts to take you places. You imagine a wood burner, perhaps a desk or why not just some space to think?Our show home is 31 years old, yet customers still say it looks and feels brand new. That's the quality of our workmanship and the materials. When you step into a Norwegian Log building you're stepping into a feeling and just like our buildings it's one that will last.
Visit our showroom