http://www.darrencharlesholloway.com/privacy-policy
HomeInfoWeddingsWedding TestimonialsVenuesContactContact MeStudio LocationPortfolioWedding GalleryAboutQualifications PoliciesCookies PolicyPrivacy policyPrivacy PolicyThis privacy policy sets out how Darren Charles Holloway Photography uses and protects any information that you give Darren Charles Holloway Photography when you use this website. Darren Charles Holloway Photography is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. Darren Charles Holloway Photography may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from: 25th May 2018 What we collect We may collect the following information:namecontact information including email addresspages visited What we do with the information we gather We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:Internal record keeping.We may use the information to improve our website, products and services What is a cookie? Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information which are downloaded to your device when you visit a website. Cookies are then sent back to the originating website on each subsequent visit, or to another website that recognises that cookie. Cookies are useful because they allow a website to recognise a user’s device. You can find more information about cookies at:www.allaboutcookies.orgwww.youronlinechoices.euwww.whoishostingthis.com/resources/cookies-guide/Cookies do lots of different jobs, like letting you navigate between pages efficiently, remembering your preferences, and generally improve the user experience. The cookies used on this website have been categorised based on the categories found in the ICC UK Cookie guide. Category 1: strictly necessary cookies These cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around the
website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the website. Without these cookies services you have asked for, like shopping baskets or e-billing, cannot be provided. Category 2: performance cookies These cookies collect information about how visitors use a website, for instance which pages visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages. These cookies don’t collect information that identifies a visitor. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. It is only used to improve how a website works. By using our website, you agree that we can place these type of cookies on your device. Category 3: functionality cookies These cookies allow the website to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personal features. For instance, a website may be able to provide you with local weather reports or traffic news by storing in a cookie the region in which you are currently located. These cookies can also be used to remember changes you have made to text size, fonts and other parts of web pages that you can customise. They may also be used to provide services you have asked for such as watching a video or commenting on a blog. The information these cookies collect may be anonymised and they cannot track your browsing activity on other websites. By using our website, you agree that we can place these type of cookies on your device. A list of all the cookies used on this website by category is set out below. Links to other websites Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.  Images on the website have been digitally watermarked with ownership and usage information. Digimarc and the Digimarc logo are registered trademarks of Digimarc Corporation. The "Digimarc-Enabled" Web Button is a trademark of Digimarc Corporation, used with permission. Qualified Wedding & Portrait Photography Sussex, Surrey, Kent, London and Hampshire  Elegant, Timeless, Natural, Relaxed, Unobtrusive, Contemporary and Classical Photography FOLLOW METel: 0845 643 2068 Email: info@darrencharlesholloway.com
© Copyright Darren Charles Holloway Photography 2020. All rights reserved.
This site uses cookies click here for more information on cookies and privacy policyAccept?