http://www.vanik.com/vanik_terms_conditions
Ask An Expert
×
Coming Soon!!
#Guaranteed Response Or Money Back Vanik - Largest Online-To-Offline Platform On Distribution Trade
DISTRIBUTORS
#50,000+ Channel Partners
SELL ACROSS INDIA
#Register Now
REACH OVERSEAS MARKETS
Watch Video
USEFUL LINKS
About Us Services Why Vanik Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Contact Us
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Welcome to vanik.com, web site of Vanik.com Please read the Terms and Conditions carefully before using this Web site. By using this site, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions below. Vanik reserves the right to modify these Terms and Conditions at any time. Your continued use of vanik.com following changes to this section will mean that you accept changes to these terms. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not access any page of this site or contact vanik.com vanik.com is a business service provider that promotes information and exchanges among its users. As with any business service, there are important rules and laws that you should understand and adhere to
vanik.com has no involvement in the actual transaction between buyer and seller. We have no control over the quality, safety, or legality of items advertised, the truth or accuracy of the listings, the ability of sellers to actually sell items they list, or the ability of buyers to actually buy items. Please remember that there are risks in dealing with people you do not know, and that vanik.com has no control over such risks.
Because we are not involved in the transactions between you and other users, you hereby release vanik.com and our agents, employees, and affiliates from all refunds or warranties, claims, demands, and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, suspected and unsuspected, disclosed and undisclosed, arising out of or in any way connected with listings, completed or incomplete transactions, or items offered or actually sold.
You must be at least 18 years of age and possess the legal authority to enter into this agreement and to use the Services in accordance with all terms and conditions herein. If you are buying or selling goods using the Service, you further warrant that you have legal authority to enter into other binding & selling agreements for the sale or purchase of goods. You agree to be financially responsible for all of your use of the Services (as well as for use of your account by others, including without limitation minors living with you). You also warrant that all information supplied by you or members of your business and/or household in using the Services, including without limitation your name, e-mail address, street address, telephone number, credit card number (when required), and if you are selling goods, all information about your listed goods, is true and accurate. By agreeing to use vanik.com services or registering as free/paid member - you certify that you are 18 years of age or older and legitimate agent for the party for whom you claim to represent. To register, you must provide your real name and e-mail.
You warrant that you will abide by all such additional procedures and guidelines, as modified from time to time, in connection with your use of the Services. You further warrant that you will comply with all applicable laws and regulations regarding use of the Services. Without limitation, by listing an item for sale, you warrant that you have the legal right to sell the item.
As a seller, you agree to list your items in the right category and to accurately describe the items you are selling. To sell multiple items, you must list identical items (this means that the size, color, make and model all must be the same for each item).
It is your responsibility to determine whether the purchase or sale of any listed item is authorized by law, statute, or regulation. Without limitation, the following items may not be sold or offered for sale on the vanik.com market places: firearms, explosives and ammunition; narcotic drugs, sex toys, counterfeit, pirated or stolen goods; any goods that infringe or otherwise violate another party rights, including copyright, patent, trademark, and rights of publicity and privacy; goods that are, in vanik.com discretion, indecent, obscene or pornographic; registered or unregistered securities; goods which you do not have the legal right to sell; goods which are misrepresented or which do not in fact exist; goods which, if sold via the Services, would cause vanik.com to violate any law, statute or regulation. We as a merchant shall be under no liability whatsoever in respect of any loss or damage arising directly or indirectly out of the decline of authorization for any Transaction, on Account of the Cardholder having exceeded the preset limit mutually agreed by us with our acquiring bank from time to time.
vanik.com reserves the right to cancel any listing at any time, and reserves the right to prohibit or restrict access to the Services to anyone at any time, with or without cause. vanik.com reserves the right of removing the profiles of people who register with bogus addresses, telephone, and fax information. vanik.com reserves the right of removing the web mail of people who get involved in using web mail for Nigerian frauds.
As a visitor/member of vanik.com , you agree that users may comment on their experiences with you in the Feedback section of vanik.com and you release vanik.com and its users from any liability for any comments. Information, services, products, and materials contained in this site, including, without limitation, text, graphics, and links, are provided on an "as is" basis with no warranty. To the maximum extent permitted by law, Vanik disclaims all representations and warranties, express or implied, with respect to such information, services, products, and materials, including but not limited to warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, noninfringement, freedom from computer virus, and implied warranties arising from course of dealing or course of performance.
Vanik intends these pages solely for the purpose of helping
buyers
and
sellers
to buy/sell items for their business establishment. These pages may not be copied, distributed, modified, published, transmitted, used for creative work, used for the sale of, or exploited in any way. Violation of this policy is prohibited by law and could result in substantial civil and criminal penalties. Vanik.com and other identified marks are trademarks of Ace Vanik Private Limited, respective owners or our partners and may not be used without copyright/trademark owners' written permission.
Visitor of vanik.com and/or subscriber/member
Indian manufacturers
of free/paid services shall use the information from vanik.com site solely for his/her/its own lawful research and information gathering purpose. The visitor/ subscriber / member should not copy, transmit, retain, reproduce in any form, distribute for a cost or for free, any part or whole of information from this site. Bulk downloading of e-mails and mailing unsolicited e-mails in mass scale is strictly prohibited. Any member found to indulge in spamming or any other unethical practice will lose membership without any notice. We shall not entertain refund request in such cases.
The information and data available on the vanik.com site are the property of Ace Vanik Private Limited (Vanik). The information and data are protected by copyright and other intellectual property laws and no such right is deemed to have been transmitted by this arrangement to the visitor of this site, free/paid subscriber or member of our services. The visitor/subscriber/member has obtained only the limited right to use the information, in the manner set out above.
In no event shall Vanik be liable for any direct, indirect, special, punitive, incidental, exemplary or consequential damages, or any damages whatsoever, even if Vanik has been previously advised of the possibility of such damages, whether in an action under contract, negligence, tort, or any other theory, arising out of or in connection with the use, inability to use, or performance of the information, services, products, and materials available from this site. These limitations shall apply notwithstanding any failure of essential purpose of any limited remedy.
Visitor/Subscriber/Member shall be fully responsible and liable for breach of these terms and conditions or infringement of the copyright vesting in the website and such liability shall not be limited on any grounds or reason whatsoever. The visitor/subscriber/member agrees to indemnify Vanik, its associates, employees, officers, contractors and the like from and against any and all losses, claims, demands, expenses (including attorney's costs and fees) and/or any other liability of whatsoever nature or kind including third party liabilities arising out of the breach of these terms and conditions of infringement of the copyright vesting in the Database.
These terms and conditions create an agreement that is effective unless terminated by either party, you or Vanik. Vanik shall cancel without any refund, membership/subscriptions which are found breaching the conditions set above, and appropriate action will be initiated.
These terms are governed by applicable law in the state of Delhi, India. You agree that any action at law arising out or relating to these terms shall be filed only in courts located in New Delhi, India and you hereby consent and submit to the personal jurisdiction of such courts for the purposes of litigating any such action.
Members/visitors/subscribers/domain name and website owners agree not to communicate objectionable materials through letter, e-mail, posting in Bulletin Boards or any other form or carry such materials on their website which would revoke their rights/privileges, as determined by Vanik. Examples of objectionable materials include but not limited to:
Adult/sex related content or link to such sites
Explicit, vulgar or obscene language posting
Referencing of sexually explicit images or other offensive content
Promotion of adult services, such as phone sex or escort services
The content of website, newsletter or e-mail cannot infringe on any personal, intellectual property or copyrights
Content relating to Racial, ethnic, political, hate-mongering or otherwise objectionable content
Fraudulent investment, money-making opportunities or advice not permitted under law
Gratuitous violence or profanity material that defames, abuses, or threatens physical harm to others or to you
Promotion of illegal substances or activities such as illegal online gambling, how to build a bomb, counterfeiting money, etc.
Linking Policy
An outbound link is an URL (such as http://www.vanik.com) pointing to a foreign web-site/web-page. Concerned link is considered an inbound link for the foreign web-site.
So, if web-site http://www.abcd.com places a link http://www.xyz.com in one of its pages, then the link will be considered outbound link for web-site www.abcd.com and an inbound link for web-site www.xyz.com
In this age of search engine marketing, in-bound link has become extremely important for success of any web-site. vanik and its sister portals enjoy very high ranking and Page Rank among leading search engines such as Yahoo!, Google, Alta Vista, AlltheWeb, MSN etc. This has been achieved through painstaking promotion work since 1997.
We allow members to place a link in their profiles - pointing to their web-sites. This outbound link from our portals vastly improves quality of communication between member and potential customer as well as improves search engine rank of concerned member's web-site.
However, such link policy also leaves our portals vulnerable for abuse. This is no idle thinking, vanik and its sister portals have been abused by mischievous outbound links several times - forcing us to rethink our linking strategy.
By placing an outbound link from our portal to member's web-site, we not only help members in sales negotiation but also considerably help his/her web-site in getting high search engine ranking.
Unlike our competitors who do not allow any outbound link from their portals other than to web-sites designed by them - we have been offering this service to members.
In view of changed circumstances - we are now formulating following linking policy. All outbound links from vanik.com, vanik.com and thegreatindianbazaar.com
Should be functional - i.e. clicking at the link should bring some web-page - not 'error 404', 'under construction' or such message
Should not redirect to a third party web-site
Should point to domain name owned by member (e.g. www.yourcompany.com) - not web-page hosted on third party (e.g. www.abcdtrade.com/yourcompany/)
Should not point to web-sites dealing with objectionable or offensive content such adult materials, sex, crime, violence, hacking, spamming etc. Our decision as to what constitutes an 'objectionable/offensive' material in this respect will be final.
Should not point to web-sites banned by any leading search engine such as Google, Yahoo!, AltaVista, MSN, AOL, AllTheWeb etc.
Members in Member Premium and above levels can place outbound link from vanik.com. The link must strictly adhere to above guidelines.
Members in Basic and Plus level should follow reciprocal link arrangement where they can also place outbound link from www.vanik.com following above guidelines. As per reciprocal link arrangement - we would expect them to place an outbound link from their homepage to www.vanik.com.
Vanik reserves the right to terminate membership/subscription or any other contract for any reason whatsoever. Termination notice will be provided via e-mail and will be effective immediately. If any member/ subscriber or visitor attempts to defraud the system or fellow members/ subscribers - such member's or subscriber's rights/provileges will be revoked as determined solely by Vanik.
As member/subscriber/visitor/website owner, you guarantee that all content, products, and services on your website are legal to distribute and that you own or have the legal right to use any and all copyrighted material.
Published Content on the Website
The website disclaims any responsibility for the accuracy of the content of this website. Visitors assume all the risk of viewing, reading, using, or relying upon this information. Visitors have no right to rely on any information contained herein as accurate. The website makes no such warranty.
This site reserves the right not to publish any information submitted by visitors / Members in its sole discretion and Member/subscriber/visitor can’t claim right to get the information published at this website.
Transactions Among Members/Visitors/Subscribers
Members/Visitors/Subscribers are hereby made aware that there may be risks of dealing with people acting under false pretenses at this website. Users are advised and encouraged to take due precautions while dealing with other users of the website. Members/Visitors/Subscribers acknowledge the risks of purchase and sale transactions when using the Site to conduct transactions, and that they fully assume the risks of liability or harm of any kind in connection with such transactions. Such risks shall include, but are not limited to, mis-representation of products and services, fraudulent schemes, unsatisfactory quality, failure to meet specifications, defective or dangerous products, unlawful products, delay or default in delivery or payment, cost mis-calculations, breach of warranty, breach of contract and transportation accidents.
Delivery Policy
On activation of Membership Services or Subscription, all the services by this website are started online. Thus delivery of the services by this website is completely online. A user, subscriber or member can start using all the services provided by this website instantly on activation of membership. This site is delivering its services to its customers through online medium like Internet and email only.
Refund and Cancellation Policy
Vanik.Com is engaged in an online-information service business. The services referenced herein are delivered online only. Vanik assumes that on activation of membership, the entire amount of subscription charges or membership fee is consumed; though the website is assumed to provide service to the User for the period of contract. User accepts that when this site activates the membership to the Members/Subscribers on receipt of membership/subscription fee, all inquires (with complete contact details thereof) related to the Member, are released. Member/Subscriber expressly understands and accepts that once membership is activated and/or inquires are released, the user has started using services offered by this website and money paid for such services cannot be claimed as refund.
Before the membership is activated, Member/Subscriber can claim cancellation and refund by the following ways only:
For credit card transactions, the member or subscriber can email Vanik his/her intention for cancellation of his membership or paid subscription. On receipt of such cancellation request, Vanik will cancel the transaction and such transaction will not be charged to the credit card holder. In case the transaction has already been authorized, Vanik will refund the amount authorized by such transaction within 7 working days of receipt of request for cancellation of paid subscription. Credit card payment gateways may take their own additional time depending upon their internal procedures to credit such amount to the credit card holder.
For cheque / demand draft payments, Vanik will refund the instrument to the member or subscriber if Vanik gets the request to cancel the transaction, before it is deposited to the bank account. If the instrument is deposited in the bank account, then Vanik will send the refund cheque within 7 working days of getting the credit of the said instrument in its bank account. Such refund cheque will be sent by registered post / courier to the drawer of the instrument.
For foreign currency wire transfers, the member or subscriber can initiate the "Recall" request through his banking channel. On getting the request for "Recall of money", Vanik will approve the transaction reversal within 7 working days of getting such request from its bank.
Other Terms and Conditions
Member/subscriber/visitor irrevocably covenants, promises and agrees to indemnify Vanik and to hold Vanik harmless from and against any and all losses, claims, expenses, suits, damages, costs, demands or liabilities, arising from any and all claims and lawsuits for copyright, slander, libel, and trademark violation as well as all other claims resulting from member/subscriber/visitor's web pages and/or e-mails or other communications.
If any member/subscriber/visitor violates or refuses to take part in their responsibilities, or commits fraudulent activity, Vanik reserves the right to withhold payment and take appropriate legal action to cover its damages.
Vanik reserves the right to change any condition or conditions of this contract, membership services, subscriber policy, membership fee or any other related terms, conditions or policy at any time. Changes will be displayed at website, no other communication will be sent to members/subscribers/visitors.
Vanik gives no warranty, express or implied, for any and all services and products provided, including, but not limited to, warranty of merchantability and warranty of fitness for a particular purpose. This statement expressly includes any reimbursement for losses of income due to disruption of service by Vanik or its associated companies, web-sites.
This Agreement cannot be modified in any manner between the Paid Members and Vanik unless modifications are made in writing signed by both parties. However, Vanik may modify this Agreement at any time for other Members/Visitors/Subscribers without notice to the instant Member. This agreement was last modified on May' 2014.
Member/subscriber/visitor agrees to settle any dispute under this agreement under the laws of Delhi, India. Any litigation arising under this Agreement will be brought in the courts of Delhi state.
If any provision of this agreement shall be held or made invalid or unenforceable by a court decision, statute, rule or otherwise, the remaining provisions of this agreement shall not be affected thereby.
SIGN IN
User Name
Password
Remember Password
Forgot Password ?
New Visitor : Please Sign Up
REQUESTACALL
Please Fill This Form
*Select Your Role
I am / We are Manufacturer Importer Trader Retailer / Retail Chain Distributor Dealer Stockist Agent Service Provider Propaganda cum Distributor(PCD) 3rd Party manufacturer C&F Agent Super Stockist Newcomer Others
Your Name
Company
Email ID
Phone / Mobile
City / State
Country
Message
4 + 9 = ?
Submit
Please rotate your device We don't support landscape mode yet. Please download APP or go back to portrait mode for the best experience