http://www.aurorawdc.com/terms-of-use/
800.924.4249
breakthrough@AuroraWDC.com
Facebook
Twitter
Facebook
Twitter
Aurora GPS™achieve alpha™
Aurora GPS is an intelligence gathering, market analysis and consumer research consultancy with a global reach.
Visit Aurora GPS
FirstLight®
magnify truth™
FirstLight Cloud-Based Intelligence Management Software is the easiest way to aggregate, analyze and distribute critical insights throughout your organization.
Visit FirstLight
RECONVERGE®
forge belonging™
RECONVERGE is a social learning community for current and aspiring intelligence leaders seeking to elevate their careers, their organizations, and their colleagues.
Visit RECONVERGE
Aurora WDC stands ready to help you break through.
Get started right now.
Send us a confidential email to inquiry (at symbol) aurorawdc (dot) com and we will arrange a private call to discuss your unique situation and requirements.
About Aurora WDC
Aurora WDC serves organizations worldwide in their efforts to win in the marketplace, deploy technology to amplify insights, and build a culture of intelligence. Its three offerings have been crafted intentionally to serve the needs of intelligence professionals and top executives.
Aurora GPS is committed to helping its regional, national and global clients achieve alpha™ in their marketplace through ethical intelligence gathering, incisive analysis and transformative skill-building.
FirstLight is the SaaS platform of choice for intelligence leaders and analysts. It gathers information from thousands of public and private sources, synthesizes them into a coherent picture, and delivers those insights into the hands of your stakeholders.
RECONVERGE is a social learning community on a mission to forge belonging™ among the best and brightest intelligence professionals in the business world so they can discover how much more there is to learn.
Aurora WDC: break through™
Aurora GPS is committed to helping its regional, national and global clients achieve alpha™ in their marketplace through ethical intelligence gathering, incisive analysis and transformative skill-building. Through our Global Professional Services (GPS) team, we show our clients how to exploit gaps in competitors’ strategies, attack profitable adjacent markets, repulse business threats, and plan for multiple possible futures. Get started tackling your toughest strategic question now.
Global Primary Research (HUMINT) Human Intelligence
IP Analysis (Patent & Intellectual Property)
War Games, Competitive Simulations & Scenario Planning
Sourcing & Supply Chain Intelligence
Competitor & Executive Profiling
Market Sizing & Competitive Landscaping
Conference Intelligence & Tradeshow Coverage
Merger & Acquisition Intelligence
Strategy & Business Model Validation
Competitive Pricing Intelligence & Go-To-Market Strategy
Counterintelligence Investigations & Training
Legislative-Regulatory Impact Analysis
Voice of Customer (VOC) Customer Insights & Engagement
Product Development & Product Management Analytics
Win-Loss Analysis & Sales Effectiveness
Intelligence Program Development & Analytical Fitness
FirstLight is the SaaS platform of choice for intelligence leaders and analysts. It gathers information from thousands of public and private sources, synthesizes them into a coherent picture, and delivers those insights into the hands of your stakeholders. That’s how you magnify truth™ inside your organization.
Enterprise EditionFor those analysts committed to a full Intelligence Operating System™, FirstLight Enterprise Edition™ offers a complete bespoke intelligence backbone capable of serving any size organization.
Team EditionFor those analyst teams who require a single source of truth, FirstLight Team Edition™ offers a centralized intelligence platform to coordinate team activities and impacts.
Virtual AnalystIf you are like most intelligence teams, your resources are stretched. There is no shortage of questions to be answered, reports to write, or executive needs to address. Managing a software platform sounds great, but you simply don’t have the extra time in your day.
RECONVERGE is a social learning community on a mission to forge belonging™ among the best and brightest intelligence professionals in the business world so they can discover how much more there is to learn. The RECONVERGE network offers multiple opportunities to connect, including IntelCollab™ webinars, local Insight Circles™, and the annual RECONVERGE:G2 Intelligence Leadership Symposium.
G2 Annual ConferenceRECONVERGE:G2 is the annual Intelligence Leadership Symposium hosted by Aurora WDC, and is planned for April 23-25, 2019.
Insight CirclesInsights Circles, facilitated by Aurora WDC, are small groups of Market Research, Strategy, Innovation, and Intelligence professionals that come together to accomplish a shared goal.
IntelCollab WebinarsTwice each month, the community comes together virtually through the IntelCollab™ webinar series, focusing on everything from intelligence tradecraft to technological and social trends.
Aurora WDC Leadership Team
Greg Ervin
LinkedIn: View ProfileTwitter: Follow @AuroraGreg
Full Bio
I am responsible for the oversight of all endeavors that couple technology and human analysis, including the FirstLight® Intelligence Platform. I take a hands-on development approach to the FirstLight technology roadmap and implementation of new features – both client-facing as well as foundational technology. I believe that a personal approach to addressing client needs leads to a more responsive, and ultimately higher-value, technology solution. When I’m not knee deep in code, I play the drums for a local Milwaukee band. If you’re in the area, come check us out!
Craig S. Fleisher, Ph.D.
LinkedIn: View ProfileTwitter: Follow @CraigFleisher
Full Bio
Having lived for decades in both Canada and the US as well as shorter periods in Australia and New Zealand, I am a researcher, author/editor (15 books, 200+ scholarly articles) and internationally recognized expert on analytics and intelligence. In my years of teaching at the University level in multiple countries and consulting in private practice, I’ve had the privilege of advising a “who’s who” of executives and organizations. I love learning and helping others learn about leading practices in the intelligence field. I am most proud of developing and mentoring scores of former students into becoming highly successful intelligence professionals.
Angela Forgues
LinkedIn: View Profile
Full Bio
I love solving gnarly problems – breaking them down, tussling with teammates and clients, and unearthing unexpected connections, emergent patterns and leverage points. At Aurora WDC, my work sits in the space where technology and custom research come together to support actionable, data-informed insights. That means you might find me refining research scopes, building more incisive data collection systems, synthesizing qualitative and quantitative findings, telling stories through data visualizations, or mentoring staff members. I’m a compassionate listener and an intensely curious person. Part of that comes from my passion for partner dancing – if you don’t listen closely, you step on your partner’s feet! Off the dance floor, my research interests include health & wellness, life sciences, and technology.
Arik Johnson
LinkedIn: View ProfileTwitter: Follow @ArikJohnson
Full Bio
I founded Aurora WDC in 1995 in the corner of my mother’s beauty salon. I believe it’s important to know where you came from, so that you know where you want to go. Speaking of that clarity, I stepped aside as CEO in late 2009 to hand the day-to-day operation of the company to my brother Derek so that I could focus on the development of competing hypothetical solutions to seemingly intractable intelligence problems. My passion is bringing the “open reconnaissance” approach to organizations, business, and governments to help them solve the most pressing challenges of our time.
Lauren Kenny
LinkedIn: View ProfileTwitter: Follow @laurenthkenny
Full Bio
My passion and expertise lies in conducting in-depth secondary research and developing high-impact deliverables that help clients understand the core of the issue, answer critical questions, and make better decisions. I’m a naturally curious person who enjoys tackling complex problems in a variety of fields, industries, and sectors with a balance of rigorous logic and design thinking. In my professional endeavors, I draw on my identity as a former student-athlete, incorporating lessons of grit, teamwork, discipline, and empathy. My academic achievements include an MBA with a Concentration in Healthcare Administration from Florida Southern College in Lakeland, FL and a BA in Intelligence Studies from Mercyhurst University in Erie, PA.
Richard Loomis
LinkedIn: View Profile
Full Bio
I joined Aurora WDC in 2011, and spend my time managing teams of field analysts and serving as a client liaison and program lead. I use my 20-year background in intelligence to help organizations answer tough questions, working on both the client-side and the agency-side throughout my career. My focus in life sciences crosses multiple therapeutic subject areas: oncology, immunology, infectious disease, blood disorders, diabetes, CNS, and eye disorders (glaucoma, macular degeneration, diabetic retinopathy, cataracts, etc.) I started my career in the U.S. Navy, serving as Lieutenant in Tactical Intelligence aboard the USS Cook. I enjoy hiking, sailing, fishing, cross-country, alpine skiing, and reading history.
Emily Pillar
LinkedIn: View ProfileTwitter: Follow @emilyapillar
Full Bio
I specialize in systems and program design with a decade of combined experience in intelligence analysis, program management, healthcare administration, marketing, and sales. Driven by a passion for finding innovative solutions to complex intelligence needs, I manage analyst teams at Aurora WDC and provide advisory services to support clients’ ever-evolving information needs across various industries. I am particularly intrigued by healthcare trends and social factors that are continuing to make industry-agnostic impacts on the world of business. Outside of work, when I’m not juggling tasks as the care manager of an aging parent, I might be found perusing antique stores for unique items, enjoying the local beach, diving into a new art project, or trying to keep my plants alive.
John Thomson
LinkedIn: View ProfileTwitter: Follow @JohnThomson67
Full Bio
I joined Aurora WDC in early 2005 and have more than 20 years of experience in HUMINT, OSINT, investigations, and counterintelligence, conducting research in over 60 countries. I focus on managing the field intelligence collection efforts of our research teams with strong moral principles to ensure the legal and ethical collection/delivery of insights. I also oversee our field intelligence collection efforts and manage a global network of collection assets, analysts/SMEs, and intelligence partners. My academic achievements include a B.S. in Marketing from American University in Washington, D.C., MBA coursework at Monmouth University in Long Branch, NJ, and the Georgia Private Investigator program at Gwinnett Technical College in Lawrenceville, GA. I’m an artist by nature – outside of work, I am a working musician, songwriter, and producer, and I also dabble in sci-fi art.
Daniel Dmuchowski
LinkedIn: View Profile
Full Bio
As an analyst at Aurora WDC, I am front and center helping our clients reduce uncertainty by using FirstLight technology to get the most important information into the hands of people who need it to make better decisions. I’m passionate about learning new things. That curiosity helps me better understand the chaotic environments our clients operate in. I am a graduate from Mercyhurst University with a BA in Intelligence Studies – one of the only places in the country (and the world, really) where I could hone my skills for this work.
Austin Fleisher
LinkedIn: View ProfileTwitter: Follow @AceDraco123
Full Bio
I am passionate about the ability of technology to empower management systems to help people make better, faster decisions. I enjoy the problem solving process and learning how to apply those insights in a variety of different industries. One of the most interesting ways to do that is through the use of competitive simulations and different ways to present information to key stakeholders. I consider myself a Competitive Intelligence professional with a degree in Political Science and a Certificate in International Relations from the University of Florida. When I’m not at work, you’ll find me cheering on sports and e-sports from UF, Detroit, and TSM. Go Gators!
Elizabeth Frickelton
LinkedIn: View ProfileTwitter: Follow @efrickelton
Full Bio
My mission at Aurora WDC is to break down silos inside organizations to foster tighter collaboration through custom technology solutions. That mission looks different for every organization, and I love the chance to help clients discover what that system will look like and how it will evolve over time. For me, that means focusing on leading cross-functional efforts inside large organizations, finding ways that everyone can benefit from better and faster insights. Personally, I enjoy the process of getting to know the real people behind the “company names” and finding ways to help them achieve their goals.
Chad Hillman
LinkedIn: View Profile
Full Bio
I am a technologist who leverages an extremely adaptable mindset and a jack of all trades skill set to explore and employ best practices and productivity gains. I focus on making work life easier for internal and external clients. Issue avoidance is key with development and execution of security protocols along with testing, troubleshooting, maintaining and debugging Aurora’s FirstLight Intelligence Platform. My years of practice and observation translate well to training and mentoring colleagues and clients alike. During my off time in recent years, I am often a DIY builder, fixer and maintainer, sometimes to my own detriment! I also used to dabble in seeing how long I could maintain a spinning wheelchair wheelie.
Derek Johnson, CFA
LinkedIn: View ProfileTwitter: Follow @DLJAlpha
Full Bio
I am fiercely protective of Aurora WDC staff, clients, partners, and brand. I always have been and always will be. In my time at the company beginning in 2003, I’m proud of what we’ve accomplished. However, I’m driven by how our capabilities translate to the greater good of the professional and personal communities we serve. I am grateful for my graduate degree at UW Madison and undergrad experience at UW Eau Claire, as well as my financial understanding gained through the CFA program – all of which helped prepare me for my leadership role. However, it’s the nearly two decades of practical client and program experience that has made me the intelligence professional I am today. My wife and I have four beautiful children who represent the living legacy of what truly inspires me.
Daniel LaFontaine
LinkedIn: View ProfileTwitter: Follow @Lafontained_CI
Full Bio
My background on both the “client” side and the “agency” side gives me a deep understanding of client needs and challenges – and how I can best support them using FirstLight’s Intelligence Platform. That means you’ll find me working with everyone to find the best answer: intelligence gatherers, analysts, technology platform developers, and client stakeholders. When I’m not working, I volunteer my time coaching youth basketball and lacrosse teams. I’m also a Canadian. That’s great, eh!?
Lacey MacLean
LinkedIn: View Profile
Full Bio
I consider it a privilege to represent a team of technology and research professionals serving as liaisons and account managers for clients utilizing our proprietary intelligence software. I’m passionate about mentoring and seeking out the best professional opportunities for my capable and intuitive team members. Over several years, I’ve demonstrated my commitment to clients with both quality research and technology consulting by leveraging my market research and technical knowledge. I’m an information technology professional with a Bachelor of Arts (BA) focused in English Language and Literature from The College of St. Scholastica.
Nhi Phuong Tran
LinkedIn: View Profile
Full Bio
I work with and consult with a variety of clients in daily monitoring and analysis of competitive activities with a focus in the technology and finance industries. I also conduct secondary research and open-source intelligence (OSINT) for clients in the finance industry. I am passionate about educating my clients, and use my knowledge of competitive intelligence and our FirstLight software infrastructure to provide and translate market insights and best practices. In 2016, I was honored to be the recipient of the Jim Mathews Award for intelligence excellence at the RECONVERGE:G2 conference in Madison, Wisconsin. I am committed to uplifting and promoting the next generation of intelligence analysts and professionals.
John Westberg
LinkedIn: View ProfileTwitter: Follow @john_westberg
Full Bio
I manage research projects from beginning to end: designing feasible scopes, ensuring timely execution and delivering actionable intelligence. My clients cross almost all verticals, but I have special expertise in retail, CPG and life sciences. I have extensive experience in reputation intelligence, which is using traditional intelligence best practices and tools to assess and mitigate reputation risk. I am an expert at identifying and monitoring early warning indicators for intelligence programs, and applying risk management principles to prepare, prevent and respond to critical issues. In my free time, I enjoy spending time outdoors hiking, kayaking, fishing, meditating, and camping.
I am based in Minneapolis, but can often be found wandering around outside in Northern Minnesota.
Recent Blog Posts
Believe in Yourself … Until You Learn to Believe in Others
Feb 3, 2020Twenty-five years ago today, I gave myself a most important birthday present: I started a company called Aurora Worldwide Development Corporation in the twelve feet on the eastern side of my mother’s beauty salon in my hometown of Chetek, Wisconsin and started down...
read more
Using Superiority Analysis to Become a Champion for Growth
May 21, 2019What do you think of when you hear the word CHAMPION?Register now for the SCIP Bootcamp in London, June 25-26, 2019. Space is limited.Most people picture an athlete or sports team victorious after a contest against an evenly-matched rival. Historically, however,...
read more
#ShareTheLove – Celebrate our 25th Year at Aurora WDC by Bringing In Your Team to RECONVERGE:G2 in Madison this April
Feb 4, 2019You’re invited to celebrate with us all year long, but more immediately actionable for you and your teammates, we’ve got our final discount live and running through midnight on Valentine’s Day for you to join us in-person at our flagship event. We will sell out, the time is now.
read more
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. By continuing to use our website, you agree to our Privacy Policy. Cookie SettingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.