https://www.aptika.com/terms/#privacy-policy
Free Shipping for orders over 99$*
Blog
+1 800-943-2341
My Account
USD($)
ID Card PrinterID Card SoftwareSignature PadPlastic ID cardPhoto ID SystemsBarcode Reader
Home \ PURCHASE TERMS, CONDITIONS AND POLICIES
Categories
ID Card PrinterPrinter Ribbons & SuppliesPlastic ID cardPhoto ID SystemsSignature PadID Card SoftwareProximity Card ReaderMagnetic Card ReaderPrinter AccessoriesBadge clipsBadge LanyardsBadge ReelsBarcode ReaderCard HoldersCarrying CasesFingerprint ScannersHealthcare ProductsID CamerasLaminationLuggage LoopsMemor 20 Handheld ComputerMobile ReadersSlot PunchesTEMPbadge IDWristband
Brand
Please select a brand
---------------------
AptikaBrady People IDBristol ID TechnologiesDatalogic ScanningEntrustePadLinkEvolisHID Global CorporationHoneywell ScanningID TechnologiesIDVilleMagicardMagTekNewBoldPlasticaseTeam NiscaTopaz SystemsUnitechWaspZebra Technologies
See More ...
PURCHASE TERMS, CONDITIONS AND POLICIES
You may contact us at:
Aptika
7313 Mayflower Park Dr
Zionsville, Indiana
46077, USA
(317) 973-0841
Order Acceptance Policy
Your emailed receipt of an order confirmation does not signify our acceptance of your order, nor does it
constitute confirmation of our offer to sell. Item availability and prices are subject to change at
any time, without notice. Aptika reserves the right to limit quantities, and to decline
the acceptance of any order for any reason. All orders placed will be thoroughly researched
before shipping, in accordance with the policies set by Aptika's Credit and Fraud Avoidance Department.
Aptika may require additional information and/or verification before accepting and processing any order.
Orders may be validated by phone
Order Cancellation
An order may be canceled only if that item is backordered and not available to ship. Any order
submitted through this website, if in stock, will ship immediately and cannot be canceled.
Aptika reserves the right to cancel an order or to issue a
Return Merchandise Authorization (RMA) for merchandise that is advertised in error, that
does not conform to advertised specifications, or was shipped in error.
Backorders
At Aptika, we make every effort to provide you with current inventory status and product
availability information. Due to the fact that our online store consists of over 1,800 products, an item may
not always be in stock. Aptika will accept orders for out-of-stock items.
If the item you order is not in stock, it will be placed on backorder and shipped to you when it becomes
available. On orders with backordered items, the total shipping charges are included with the first
shipment. Shipping charges are non-refundable. A backorder may be canceled at ANY time prior to shipping.
Typographical Errors
In the event a product is listed at an incorrect price due to typographical error or error in pricing
information received from our suppliers, Aptika shall have the right to refuse or cancel any
orders placed for products listed at the incorrect price without prior notification. Aptika
shall have the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed
and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and the
order is canceled, Aptika shall immediately issue a credit to the credit card account in the
amount of the incorrect price.
Credit Cards
Aptika accepts Visa, Mastercard, Discover and American Express. There is no surcharge for using your credit
card to make a purchase. Please be sure to provide the exact billing address and telephone number as recorded
with your credit card issuing bank. We will ship to an alternate address only if the address is on file with
your credit card issuing bank. Incorrect information may cause a delay in the processing of your order. Your
credit card will be charged before items are shipped. Your credit card may be processed in Canadian Dollars
using the current exchange rate.
Secured Transaction
If using either Opera, FireFox, Google Chrome, Safari or Internet Explorer as your web browser, your online transactions are fully
encrypted and secured with 128-bit encryption technology when you place orders at Aptika.
Manufacturer's Warranty
All returns and replacements must be handled directly through the manufacturer anytime after the first
14 days of invoice. Manufacturer's warranties vary on each product. We do not offer Extended warranties.
Manufacturer information is subject to change without notice. Please contact the manufacturer to obtain
warranty information.
Service and Support
All requests for technical service and support should be made directly to the manufacturer in
accordance with THEIR terms and conditions. Aptika will provide on-line technical notes
on most hardware and software products for your reference. Aptika makes no
guarantees of product reliability or compatibility. All compatibility-related questions MUST be
directed towards the product manufacturer.
Trademarks
All trademarks or service marks are property of their respective owners.
Disclaimer
Aptika. Inc. makes no representations or warranties, either express or implied, of any sort
with respect to the Aptika web sites, materials, their operation, information, contents, or
Year 2000 compliance. Aptika disclaims all warranties, express or implied, of any sort with
respect to the sites or their use, including but not limited to merchantability and aptness for a
particular purpose. You, the purchaser, agree that Aptika, its directors, officers, employees
and/or representatives, shall not be liable for damages arising from the operation, content, or use of
the Aptika sites or the products sold therein. You agree that this limitation of liability is
comprehensive and applies to all damages of any sort, including without limitation direct, indirect,
compensatory, special, incidental, punitive and consequential damages.
Jurisdiction
Any litigation regarding this agreement, or any transaction between a customer and Aptika shall
be brought to the provincial courts located in the City of Saint-Jérôme, Québec, Canada and customer
hereby agrees and submits to such jurisdiction and venue as proper.
PRIVACY POLICY
Personal Information
At Aptika, we value your privacy. Your personal information is for use by Aptika's staff
only. This information is kept on a secure server to protect it from outside parties, and is
information used for the limited purpose of processing your order(s). Information may also be used for
statistical purposes, to improve our web site and services to you, to administer our site, and to notify
you of products or special offers that may be of interest to you. Your personal information will not be
sold and will not leave Aptika.
Non-Personal Information
We may collect non-sensitive informations ourselves and/or use vendors like Google, Facebook and others, through technologies
like cookies, in order to help us provide our users a better shopping experience. These are non-personally identifiable data such as
operating system, browser used and the page(s) and/or product(s) you viewed. We will use these informations to improve our website
according to our user's need.
Additionally, third parties such as Google will use those informations to display targeted ads based
on your interests. You can opt out of Google's use of cookies at the
Google advertising opt-out page.
We will NEVER send any personally identifiable information (PII) to any third parties.
RETURN AND EXCHANGE POLICY
To return or exchange an item, it is important to pay attention to the manufacturer's policy.
Please note that Aptika does not offer any warranties on its products, we apply the manufacturer's warranties.
Therefore, Aptika must follow the procedures established by the manufacturer or supplier. It is of the
utmost importance to verify your product's conformity before opening the package because the
manufacturer is not obligated to take back any tested items or opened boxes.
For pre-printed cards, no credit or exchange will be accepted once the proof and technical specifications have been approved.
Items purchased through clearance or open box specials can not be returned or exchanged.
Aptika does NOT accept returns for opened, non-defective product after 14 days.
No exceptions will be made. All sales are final (after 14 days following the delivery date)
If you want to return your item within the first 14 days following the reception of your order:
Item must be unused
No refunds will issued; a credit note will be emitted after verification of the product.
Restocking fees (between 10% and 25%) will apply depending on the condition of the returned item
The item must be returned in its original packaging containing all its initial components
The customer must cover all shipping fees
Aptika will apply the manufacturer's warranty
If your item is defective:
First, contact the manufacturer's technical support for an initial evaluation of the item.
If needed, contact Aptika (with the technical support case number or RMA of the manufacturer) for a return
merchandise authorization number (RMA)
You must return your item within 14 days after reception of the RMA
All returned items will be repaired or replaced after approval from the manufacturer.
The customer must cover all shipping fees
SHIPPING POLICY
Most in-stock order ship same day, although that does not mean that you will receive your order next day.
Your order will not ship until after your order has been verified and processed by our
Order Processing Department. Every effort is made to process all orders within 24 hours after receiving
an order, but same-day shipping is not guaranteed.
Note: Please keep in mind that our distribution centers do not process or ship orders on weekends
and/or Canadian holidays.
FREE shipping for selected manufacturers*
We offer Free Shipping for those manufacturers in the lower 48 contiguous states. :
Aptika, Crossmatch, Entrust, Datalogic Scanning, Digital Persona, ePadLink, Evolis, HID Global Corporation, Honeywell Scanning, Magicard, Scriptel Corporation, Team Nisca, Topaz Systems, Zebra Technologies.
FREE Shipping is only available with FedEx Ground. Order over 99$ only. USA Only. Available on Online Order only.
Shipping Policy - Canada
All orders are shipped by Fedex and shipping charges are
calculated directly through Fedex shipping calculator. Shipping charges
are non-refundable. * An additional charge of $50.00 will be charged to your credit card for any shipment that is refused or
undeliverable due to no fault of Aptika or the courier. Aptika reserves the right to
review shipping.
Shipping Policy - USA
All orders are shipped by Fedex and shipping charges are calculated
directly through Fedex shipping calculator. Shipping charges are non-refundable. * An additional charge of $50.00
will be charged to your credit card for
any shipment that is refused or undeliverable due to no fault of Aptika or the courier. Aptika reserves the right to
review shipping.
Shipping Policy - International
Shipping charges are calculated later. We will contact you with the shipping cost for approval.
You will be able to cancel the order if you do not agreed with the shipping cost.
All orders are shipped by Fedex and shipping charges are calculated directly through Fedex shipping calculator. Shipping charges
are non-refundable. * An additional charge of $150.00 will be charged to your credit card for any shipment that is refused or
undeliverable due to no fault of Aptika or the courier. Aptika reserves the right to review shipping.
About Us
About Aptika
Our Mission
Contact Us
Blog
Join our Newsletter
Sign up for product news and be the firstto get information about Aptika.
Support
Support
Download Center
Tool
Free QR Code Generator
Online Scriptel EasyScript Tester
Customer Service
Purchasing Terms
Privacy Policy
Return and Exchange Policy
Shipping Policy
Suggestion Box
Aptika, the ID card specialist in the identification industry. We stock a great selection of ID card printers, complete ID card systems, signature pad, digital ID cameras, printer ribbons, ID card supplies, plastic PVC ID cards and ID badge accessories. Aptika, priced to fit any budget.
Aptika is not responsible for price, typographical or photographic errors. Prices and specifications are subject to change without notice.
Copyright © 2000 - 2020 Aptika inc. |
All prices are in US Dollars