http://www.reliance.com.au/privacy-statement.html
page top
Menu
Loans
Home & Investment Loans
All in One Rewards Package
A fantastic solution for all your property needs
First Rate Special
Get rewarded with better rates
Fixed Rate
Lock in your great rate
Tide You Over
For when you need just a little extra
All in One
Complete flexibility with a full range of features
First Rate
Standard variable rate with great benefits
First Rate Investment
Get involved in the property market
First Home Buyers
Personal Loans
Premium Personal Loan
Available for members with an existing home loan
Variable Personal Loan
Planning a holiday, making a quick investment or buying those must-have goodies?
Fixed Personal Loan
Borrow with the peace of mind fixed repayments brings
Consolidator Loan
Simplify your debt situation
Overdraft
Don't be caught unprepared by an unexpected expense again
Apply now
Apply right now, no matter where you are
Car Loan
Low Rate Car Loan
A low rate car loan with all the bells and whistles
Fixed Car Loan
Want to buy a new or used car with a competitive interest rate?
Apply Online
Are you ready to purchase your next car now?
Visa Credit Card
Business Loans
Variable Rate Business Loan
Need to buy a work premises or a work vehicle?
Fixed Rates Business Loan
Build or grow a business with a peace of mind loan
Apply now
Apply now to invest in your business
Financial Assistance
Savings
Transaction Accounts
Access Savings Account
An everyday account providing 24/7 access to your money
Pensioner Security Account
Are you over 55? This is the everyday account designed just for you
Savings Accounts
Bonus Saver Account
Be rewarded for saving and reach your goals faster!
Power-up eSaver Account
Earn interests on an accessible no fee online savings account
Cash Management Account
Your everyday account with no transaction or monthly fees
Christmas Club Account
Never be financially unprepared for Christmas again
Term Deposit Accounts
Standard Term Deposits
Make your spare cash work for you
Kick Starter Term Deposits
A great way to earn interest on savings for people aged 0 - 25
Foreign Exchange Services
Send Money Overseas
Receive Money from Overseas
Cash Options
Access
24/7 Access
We have all the services you need to access your account 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
Cards
Find the right card for you
Other Facilities
Deal with us without the hassle of having to visit us
Google Pay
Tap & Pay with Google Pay
Apple Pay
The easy, secure and private way to pay.
Samsung Pay
Designed to be secure and simple to use
eStatements
Secure and easy way to receive, view and store your statements
Real-time payments
Insurance
Home Insurance
Motor Insurance
Landlords Insurance
Travel Insurance
Life Insurance
Income Protection Insurance
Business
Wealth
Financial Planning
Aged Care Services
Financial Assistance
Community
Sponsorships
Events
Scholarships
Charity Support
International Support
Staff Initiatives
Security
Scam Awareness
Spot Common Scams
Scams and Cyber Threats
Latest Scam Alerts
Financial Abuse
Support
Open Banking
COVID-19 Support
About Us
Contact Us
Locate us
Internet Banking
Login
Search
Privacy
Print this page
Share ThisFacebookTwitterEmail
Privacy
Our commitment
We value your trust in us as a Member Owned financial institution. It is important for us to keep your information secure. As your financial institution, it is also important for us to keep your information confidential. To achieve this we comply with the Privacy Act 1988, the Australian Privacy Principles (APPs) and the Credit Reporting Privacy Code. The Privacy Act 1988 sets out how we are to collect, use, disclose and store personal, credit and credit eligibility information. The Privacy Act 1988 also requires us to have a privacy policy.
Talk to us
Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy sets out:
what information we collect and hold
when you apply for a loan what information we use from your credit report
how we collect and hold information
why we collect, hold, use and disclose your information
how you can access your information
how you can correct your information
how you can make a complaint
how we will deal with your complaint
in what overseas countries we are likely to disclose your information.
Download a PDF version of our Privacy Policy. If you have any questions, contact us.
Privacy Notification
Our Privacy Notification sets out:
why we collect and use your information
how we collect and use your information
what happens if you do not wish to provide us with information
whether we provide your information to other entities
the availability of our Privacy Policy
when we can disclose certain information to a credit reporting body
how a credit reporting body may use your information
whether we disclose your information overseas and if so, where
how you can contact us.
Providing your information to credit reporting bodies
The credit reporting body we disclose information to is Equifax. If you do not make your repayments when they fall due or commit a serious credit infringement, we may disclose this to Equifax. Any information we provide to Equifax will be included in reports provided to credit providers to help them to assess your creditworthiness.
You can ask Equifax not to use your information for prescreening of direct marketing by a credit provider. You can also ask them not to use or disclose your information if you reasonably believe that you have been or are likely to be a victim of fraud. Equifax's policy on the management of information is available at www.mycreditfile.com.au.
You can contact Equifax by:
Phone – 1300 762 207
Website - www.mycreditfile.com.au
Download a PDF version of our Privacy Notification. If you have any questions, contact us.
How to make a complaint
You may make a complaint to us if you consider that we have not complied with the relevant provisions of the APPs or relevant credit reporting provisions within the Privacy Act.
You can complain:
in person at one of our branches
by calling us on 1300 36 2000
by email at mail@unitybank.com.au
in writing to: Unity Bank, PO Box K237, Haymarket NSW 1240.
We will deal with your complaint under our internal dispute resolution procedure. We will give you our Complaint and Dispute Resolution Guide when you make your complaint.
SME Guarantee
Loan Scheme
- Stage 2
Find Out More
COVID-19 Support
Continuing to serve our Members through this tough time
Find Out More
2020 Annual Report
is Now Available
Read Now
Apply Online
Request a Loans Specialist
Tools & Calculators
Rates & Fees
News
Hidden Clicker