https://www.mrxfx.com/privacy-policy-2018/
Privacy Policy (2018)
This website is for personal use only. Any copy, modification or commercial use of the site content is strictly forbidden without an express and written authorization by Technicolor. This includes any publicly disclosed email address or other personal data that is available on this site.
PRIVACY POLICY
Your Privacy Is Important To Us!
We, at Technicolor, value your trust and confidence.
We believe that we earn your trust and confidence when we continue to bring you exceptional products or services for your digital home and do so in a very private and secure manner. We believe that trust and confidence is sustained as we honor that commitment to you, day in and day out.
MR. X is a global company, offering digital products and services worldwide for your home, with brands such as Technicolor, Thomson, RCA, MPC, The Mill, MR. X, Mikros Image. This privacy statement is applicable to the information we collect on our websites.
We created this privacy statement to inform you of our global commitment to you.
Keeping your information secure
Keeping the personal information we collect about you secure is one of our most important responsibilities. We value your trust and handle personal information with care. Our employees access information about you when needed to inform you regarding our products through newsletters. We may also access information about you when responding to requests as required by law.
We safeguard information according to established security standards and procedures, and we continually assess new technology for protecting information. Our employees are trained to understand and comply with these information principles. MR. X uses reasonable administrative, physical and managerial measures to safeguard your personal information against loss, theft and unauthorized access, use and modification.
WORKING TO MEET YOUR NEEDS THROUGH INFORMATION IN THE COURSE OF DOING BUSINESS, WE COLLECT AND USE VARIOUS TYPES OF INFORMATION, SUCH AS INFORMATION AVAILABLE FROM PUBLIC RECORDS AND MARKET RESEARCH, AS WELL AS INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE TO US. WE USE THIS INFORMATION TO SERVE YOU AND TO HELP YOU LEARN MORE ABOUT HOME DIGITAL PRODUCTS.
We collect personal data including personally identifiable information (PII) from you, for example, when you subscribe to our newsletter, when you register on one of our websites, when you apply to a job offer, complete a survey, or when you request information from one of our family of companies. By submitting such data, you explicitly consent to our data processing, for the purpose described.
The personal information we collect include, for example, preferences, email addresses, click stream and navigation data.
Please be assure that all information we collect is collected for a specific purpose and is necessary for this purpose and will not be used subsequently for another purpose.
Keeping information accurate
Keeping personal information accurate and up-to-date is very important. Our team is available to review the information we hold about you and to use them in conformity with the EU Regulation 2016/679 (General Data Protection Regulation – GDPR), so that together we can confirm their accuracy. If you ever find that information about you is incomplete, inaccurate or not current, we want to correct it. In compliance with the applicable law, we also stay at your disposal in order to access, rectify or request deletion of any data you provided us, by contacting us: https://www.technicolor.com/contact/security-privacy
We bring you value and benefits, while honoring your preferences
When we accept your personal information, we may use it to provide you goods and services.
How–and why–information is shared
Your information is collected and stored for a limited duration necessary for the purpose of the processing.
We limit who receives information and what type of information is shared. We share information with the goal of bringing you innovative digital products and more choices.
Sharing information within Technicolor Group. To offer you a full suite of digital home goods and services, the personal information we have about you may be shared among the family of Technicolor companies as permitted by law and our agreement with you, as well as to process your notifications of illegal content when you decide to submit it to us.
For job recruitment, personal data such as your resume or curriculum vitae is collected when you decide to provide it to us. Please note that we may disclose your Personal Data within Technicolor Group, whether within or outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”), for the purpose of a potential recruitment in another entity of the Technicolor Group for which you apply for a job, in the case you consent to this transfer. Be assured that we supervise these transfers by our Intragroup Agreement (EC Standard Contractual Clauses written by the European Commission – Controller to Controller).
Sharing information with companies that work for us. To handle the support, for employment purposes or to assist us in offering you goods and services and our agreement with you, we may occasionally share information with companies that work for us, such as companies specialized in maintenance services. In such case, Data Processing Agreement are in place with third parties (EC Standard Contractual Clauses – Controller to Processor)
Sharing information with companies that bring you value. With your consent expressly and freely given, personal information may be shared with other reputable organizations whose products and services you may find beneficial.
Sharing information with others. We may provide your personal data as required by law or legal process; to protect and defend the rights of Technicolor and MR. X and under circumstances we believe reasonably necessary to protect the personal safety of users, Technicolor, MR. X, this site, or the public. Moreover, MR. X uses services provided by third parties such as share buttons on social networks (e.g. Twitter and Facebook). If you decide to log in your social network profile while you are visiting our site, some personal data from your social network account, which may contain personal data that is part of your profile or your friends’ profile, may be accessible. If you do not agree to this processing, we recommend you to disconnect from the social network before visiting our site.
Offering you choices
You will be offered an opportunity to express your preference regarding the use and dissemination of information about you. That opportunity may be made available at the time you register on our web site, when you subscribe to our newsletters, or when you fill in a form. While the specific preferences offered may vary from region to region across the world due to local law and/or practice, it is MR. X’s goal to listen and honor our customers’ preferences. Your continued trust and confidence depends upon it.
As a French headquartered company, we wish to inform you that Technicolor has nominated a Data Protection Officer (DPO) beside the French Data Protection Supervisory Authority (CNIL). An internal Data Control Organization of employees trained to personal data protection, is in place within Technicolor, worldwide.
According to the applicable law, you have the right to access, modify, rectify and delete any data that concerns you. To exercise this right, please contact our DPO with the following contact form: https://www.technicolor.com/contact/security-privacy
OTHER SITES
MR. X websites may contain links to other sites; however, we are not responsible for the content or the privacy practices employed by the other sites. We encourage you to read these other privacy statements.
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
This site is targeted at persons aged 16 and older. MR. X does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 16.  If we learn that we have collected personal information on a child under the age of 16, we will delete the data from our systems.  As legal guardians, parents are recommended to supervise the online activity of their children and determine which sites are appropriate.
COOKIES
A “cookie” is a piece of data stored on your hard drive. MR. X may use cookies on our web site to ease your navigation and to analyze your use of the website, but none of the cookies contain personal data. To configure cookies, please refer to your browser documentation. As a convenience, find below some resources for the most common browsers:
Mozilla Firefox: about:preferences#privacy
Microsoft Internet Explorer: https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies
Google Chrome: chrome://settings/content/cookies
Apple Safari: https://support.apple.com/kb/PH21411
EFFECTIVE DATE
This policy is effective May 25, 2018. We may make and post changes to this statement in an effort to ensure you are clearly informed of any changes in our information handling practices.
Any questions regarding the processing of personal data can be addressed to our DPO: https://www.technicolor.com/contact/security-privacy
You can manage Cookie Settings here. (Opens in new window)
Privacy Policy