https://www.partylite.com/privacy-statement
Continue
PartyLite websites use cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
For more details about cookies and how to manage them, see our cookie policy.
Account
Settings
Search
Search
Advanced Search
Search
Home
Privacy Statement
DSA Code of Ethics
Payment Methods
Candle Care
Returns Policy
Help
Privacy statement
Terms & Conditions
Privacy statement
DSA Code of Ethics
Payment Methods
Candle Care
Returns Policy
Help
Terms & Conditions
PRIVACY POLICY – US and CANADA
Last update: July 13, 2020
Thank you for your interest in PartyLite Gifts, Inc., PartyLite Worldwide, LLC, and/or PartyLite Gifts, Ltd., with a corporate office located at 600 Cordwainer Drive, Norwell, Massachusetts 02061 (together with such entities, affiliates, and subsidiaries, hereinafter “PartyLite”, “we”, “us, “our”). This Privacy Policy describes how we process and use personally identifiable information and sensitive information (hereinafter, “personal information” or “personal data”) that we collect and retain, including the types and categories of personal information that we collect, the purposes for which we use it, the types of third parties with whom we share it, and your rights and responsibilities you may have with respect to such personal information. This Privacy Policy applies to the personal information provided to us through any type of engagement or interaction between you and us, such as when you access or use www.partylite.com or www.partylite.ca (the “Site” or “website”).
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully.  By providing us with personal information, or by using our Site, you agree to the terms and conditions set forth in this Privacy Policy.  For any questions or concerns related to this Privacy Policy Please, please contact us in accordance with the instructions below.
US Privacy Shield
PartyLite complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Frameworks, (“Privacy Shield”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland, as applicable, to the United States in reliance on the Privacy Shield. PartyLite has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles with respect to such information.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/.
PartyLite is responsible for the processing of personal data, defined as any operation or set of operations which is performed upon personal data, whether or not by automatic means, such as collection, recording, organization, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, blocking, erasure or destruction, it receives, under the applicable Privacy Shield Framework, and, on occasion, subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. PartyLite complies with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of personal data from the EU, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland, including the onward transfer liability provisions. A Privacy Shield organization has responsibility for the processing of personal information it receives under the Privacy Shield and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. The Privacy Shield organization shall remain liable under the Principles if its agent processes such personal information in a manner inconsistent with the Principles, unless the organization proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Frameworks, PartyLite is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, PartyLite may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact the International Centre for Dispute Resolution at the American Arbitration Association, our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://go.adr.org/privacyshield.html.
Under certain conditions, more fully described on the Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield at https://www.privacyshield.gov/welcome, you may be entitled to invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted.
In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, PartyLite commits to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal information. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our Privacy Shield policy should first contact PartyLite’s Privacy Officer listed under Contact at the end of this Privacy Policy.
PartyLite has further committed to cooperate with the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs) and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) with regard to unresolved Privacy Shield complaints concerning human resources data transferred from the EU and Switzerland in the context of the employment relationship.
If you feel that PartyLite has not satisfactorily resolved your complaint or has failed to respond to your complaint within 45 days, you may bring your complaint to the attention of your local DPA within the European Economic Area (EEA). The DPAs will establish a panel to act as an independent dispute resolution body who will investigate and resolve complaints brought under the Privacy Shield free of charge to you. PartyLite commits to cooperate with this panel as an independent body to resolve disputes relating to its compliance with the Principles. PartyLite will comply with any advice given by DPAs where they take the view that specific action is necessary to comply with the Principles and will provide the DPAs with written confirmation that such action has been taken.
You can find the details of your local DPA authority here:  http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/article-29/structure/data-protection-authorities/index_en.htm.
Your Responsibilities
You are permitted, and hereby agree, to only provide personal information to PartyLite if such personal information is accurate, reliable, and relevant to our relationship and only to the extent such disclosure will not violate any applicable data protection law, statute, or regulation or infringe upon any individual’s data privacy rights or privileges. If you provide PartyLite with any personal information about a third-party, you expressly represent that you have the full right and authority to submit the personal information to PartyLite and are in compliance with the requirements set forth in this Privacy Policy. You also agree to fully reimburse PartyLite for any damages, losses, or expenses that arise based on your violation of your warranties and responsibilities set forth in this Privacy Policy.
Collection of personal data
We collect personal data in various places on our Site and in other circumstances, in particular when:
You create an account on our website;
You make a purchase on our website;
You want to receive our newsletters and promotional offers;
You contact us to become a PartyLite affiliate;
As part of your browsing on our website;
You need to contact us via our website for any reason relating to our products and services;
You contact our customer service centers;
You visit one of our premises;
You provide us personal or business contact information via a business card or through similar communications;
You complete a survey or otherwise provide us feedback;
You communicate with us via social networking websites, third party applications, or similar technologies;
You visit one of our trade counters at an exhibition;
You apply for employment with us.
Sometimes you may provide your personal data to us directly (e.g. when you contact us via our website, when you make a purchase, etc.), sometimes we collect it (e.g. using cookies to understand how you use our website) or sometimes we receive your data from other third parties acting as data processors (e.g. via our affiliates' websites when you are buying from an affiliate).
Types and Categories of Personal Information We Collect
We may collect personal information under a broad range of circumstances. Generally, we collect the following types of information directly from, or about, you:
Identity data, such as your name, title, company/organization name, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers, physical address (including street, city, state, postal code, and/or country).
Registration data, such as information provided by you when you register for an account to use our Site, including usernames and passwords.
Business contact data, such as information related to other employees, owners, directors, officers, or contractors of a third-party organization (e.g., business, company, partnership, sole proprietorship, nonprofit, or government agency) with whom we may conduct, or possibly conduct, business activities.
Job applicant data, such as when you apply to work at PartyLite or as a PartyLite Affiliate, such as Identity data (defined above); information in a curriculum vitae (“CV”), resume, cover letter, or similar documentation; details regarding the type of employment sought, willingness to relocate, job compensation and benefit preferences; information related to your background, criminal record, credit history and similar data; and information provided about or by your references or other third parties related to your employment history, skills, or qualifications.
Marketing and communications data, including your marketing preferences and your subscriptions to our publications.
Transaction data, including orders for our products and services and details of payments to and from you.
Your feedback, including feedback from you about our Site as well as our products and services generally, which may include data gathered from any of our surveys in which you participate.
Usage data, we automatically collect from individuals who visit or access use our Site, such as a user’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser and computer type, access time, the webpage from which you came, and the specific webpage(s) that you access during your visit. For more information pertaining to our use of cookies, see below.
Please do not provide us, in particular via the open fields in our website, sensitive information (such as data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, health, sex life or sexual orientation).
When we collect data through forms including electronic forms, we will indicate the mandatory fields via asterisks. Failure to provide the data marked with an asterisk could prevent you from accessing a product or a service, and you agree that PartyLite will not be liable or otherwise responsible for any actions resulting therefrom.
Purposes of Personal Data Processing
PartyLite may use personal information for several business and administrative purposes, or to further our legal or other business interests. Generally, we use personal information for the following reasons:
Personal data collected through your account, during a purchase and/or via PartyLite’s website will primarily be used to process your order/purchase, to provide you with the delivery services and to process warranty service.
Personal data collected by PartyLite will also be used for the purpose of allowing PartyLite to contact you at your request if you would like to become a PartyLite affiliate, to send you adequate information regarding affiliate activities, and to allow you to become an affiliate and assist you in your mission.
PartyLite may also use your personal data, with your prior consent, to keep you informed of developments and offers relating to PartyLite or our products and services, and to invite you to PartyLite events/parties.
We also collect your personal data when you contact us/ask questions relating to our products and services.
We use information submitted as part of a job application or inquiry to PartyLite to identify and evaluate job applicants; verify your information and completing employment, background and reference checks; communicate with you about the recruitment process and your application; to comply with our legal, judicial, regulatory, administrative, or other corporate requirements; and to accommodate individuals who may have specialized needs during the employment process.
We may use the personal information we collect in order to detect, prevent and respond to fraud, intellectual property infringement, violations of our terms and conditions, violations of law, or other misuse of our Site, products, or facilities. We may use your personal information to administer and protect our business and our Site, including troubleshooting, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data. We may use your personal information to promote, defend or protect our legal, regulatory, and business interests.
Data collected by cookies or similar technologies as part of your browsing on PartyLite’s website is processed to tailor our services for you, to allow proper functioning of our website, to ensure the website is secure and safe, and to run statistics (please see below for more information regarding the website’s cookies).
Disclosure of Personal Data Collected
Some of your personal data may be accessed:
Within PartyLite (including by its employees and executives).
This will only be done on a need-to-know basis and where necessary to provide you with the products and services you have asked for, or in the context of a contract between you and PartyLite, or with your consent (in particular for marketing purpose), or when necessary to achieve the purposes listed above.
By trusted service providers acting as contractors or subcontractors (i.e., data processors, including PartyLite affiliates), which will carry out certain services necessary for the purposes indicated above on our behalf (some of these service providers obtain access to the data provided by you, e.g. e-mail addresses and credit card information, and they may use cookies on behalf of PartyLite).
We only provide our trusted service providers with the information they need to perform such services, and we require that they do not use your personal data for any other purpose. These service providers will only act upon PartyLite’s instructions and will be contractually bound to: (i) ensure a level of security and confidentiality for your personal data that is the same as a level of protection that PartyLite provides; and (ii) comply with applicable personal data protection laws and regulations.
For instance, we may use service providers for the organization of customer care, implementation of promotions, further development of our internet offer, communication and contact with our customers, organization of events/parties, etc. We also use providers for credit card processing/payment and for IT services (hosting services, database maintenance, etc.).
We may disclose personal information if required or authorized to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with legal requirements or with legal process served on us, to protect and defend our rights or property or, in urgent circumstances, to protect the personal safety of any individual. We may share your personal information with any third party when we believe such disclosure is necessary to defend or protect our legal, regulatory, and business interests. We may also disclose your information upon your express consent.
In addition, PartyLite may share your personal data with third parties:
To protect the rights, property or safety of PartyLite, our users, our employees or others; or
In the event of a merger or sale of the company’s assets (in such case your personal data will be disclosed to the prospective buyer); or
To comply with a legal obligation or to respond to legal proceedings of any nature, Court orders, any legal action or implementing enforcement measures that are required by the competent authorities; or
For other purposes required by applicable legislation or with your prior consent.
In the event that you facilitate a transaction with PartyLite, or request information from, or otherwise engage with us, and such activities require PartyLite to share your personal information with a service provider or other third party, you hereby direct and authorize PartyLite to disclose your personal information to the service provider or third party in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
If a service provider or other third party processes your personal information in a manner inconsistent with the Privacy Shield Principles, PartyLite will be liable unless it proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
If you have any concerns about the use of your information or wish to be removed from our email list, please contact us at the address given at the end of this Privacy Policy.
Payment Card Information
In order to purchase certain goods and services from PartyLite you will be required to furnish our third-party vendor (“Payment Vendor”) with a debit card number, credit card number, and/or similar information (collectively, the “Payment Information”). Such Payment Information is collected by our Payment Vendor pursuant to their own terms and conditions, and you hereby acknowledge and agree that PartyLite is not responsible for, nor has any control over, the data processing of any Payment Vendor.  You further acknowledge and agree that PartyLite is not provided with your full Payment Information and we are only provided an encrypted token by such Payment Vendor in connection therewith.
Children
PartyLite does not intentionally collect personal data or sensitive information concerning children and adolescents under the age of 18 or as otherwise defined in each applicable jurisdiction. A parent or guardian of a child should contact us at the email address or phone number listed at the end of this Privacy Policy. We will then delete the personal data or sensitive information of the child from our records.
Links to Other Websites
PartyLite may from time to time provide links to other affiliate websites. Please check the privacy policy of each of these other websites as they may differ from the PartyLite’s Privacy Policy.
Security
All personal data that you have specified during the shopping process will be transmitted to us encrypted from your computer. We use the proven encryption system, SSL (Secure Socket Layer). This widespread system for protection of online purchases guarantees the highest possible security not only of your order data, but also, for example, the account or credit card number used.
PartyLite uses reasonable technical and organizational measures to help protect and safeguard the order and business information from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, unauthorized transmission, and destruction.
Procedures for the regular review and evaluation of the effectiveness of technical and organizational measures have been established. However, no information system can be fully secure, so we cannot guarantee the absolute security of your personal information. Moreover, we are not responsible for the security of information you transmit to the Site over networks that we do not control, including the Internet and wireless networks.  You provide us with any information and data at your own risk.  PartyLite shall not be liable or otherwise responsible for any data incidents that may compromise the confidentiality, integrity, or security of your personal information.  Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a user ID and password to access the Site, you are responsible for maintaining the security and confidentiality of those log-on credentials and not revealing them to others. You must contact us immediately if you have to reason to believe that your user ID or password to our Site have been compromised
Not all personal data collected on this website will be saved. Personal data that is stored is encrypted, and all systems connected to the Internet are equipped with firewalls that are regularly monitored to ensure a high level of security.
We store your personal data in our data center in New Jersey and Massachusetts, USA and at Amazon web services.
If you have concerns about the use of your information or want to be deleted from our email list, please contact us.
Data Retention Period
We will keep your personal data only as long as necessary for the purposes of the processing for which it was collected (typically the length of the contract). We may, however, keep your data for a longer period of time in application of specific legal or regulatory provisions and/or to comply with applicable statute of limitations periods. In case of longer data retention for other reasons, we will inform you of such reasons and of the applicable retention period upon collecting your personal data.
To determine the data retention period of your personal data, we use the following criteria:
Data in connection with the administration of your account is retained as long as you use such account/keep it activated and for the applicable statute of limitation periods;
Data in connection with the processing of your transactions is retained during the period of your transaction, and in accordance with applicable legal requirements and statute of limitation periods (typically 6 years in the United States);
When you have consented to receive commercial solicitations, PartyLite will retain your personal data until you let us know that you no longer wish to receive such solicitations or after a period of inactivity defined in accordance with applicable state and/or federal legislation;
When your data is collected in the context of queries or questions concerning PartyLite products and services, and when you contact us to become a host or a consultant or affiliate, PartyLite will retain your data for the time necessary to process such queries;
When cookies are placed on your terminal, the cookie data is retained in accordance with the legal requirements.
Your Rights
European Union Privacy Rights. If you are located in the European Economic Area and the UK (post-Brexit), you may have certain rights with respect to the personal information we have about you. To the extent permitted by the European Union (EU) General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), applicable EU Member State data protection laws, and the UK Data Protection Act, the following may apply to you:
A right of access and information:  You have the right to be informed in a concise, transparent, intelligible and easily accessible form of the way in which your personal data is processed. You also have the right to obtain (i) confirmation as to whether or not personal data concerning you are being processed, and where that is the case, (ii) to access such personal data and obtain a copy thereof.
A Right to Rectification:  You have the right to obtain the rectification of any inaccuracy in your personal data. You also have the right to have incomplete personal data completed, including by means of supplying a supplementary statement.
A Right to Erasure (‘Right To Be Forgotten’):  In some cases, you have the right to obtain the erasure of your personal data. However, this is not an absolute right and PartyLite may have legal or legitimate grounds for keeping such personal data.
A Right to Restriction of Processing:  In some cases, you have the right to obtain restriction of the processing of your personal data.
A Right to Data Portability:  You have the right to receive your personal data which you have provided to PartyLite, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, and you have the right to transmit those data to another controller without hindrance from PartyLite. This right only applies when the processing of your personal data is based on your consent or on a contract and such processing is carried out by automated means.
A Right to Object to Processing:  You have the right to object, on grounds relating to your particular situation, to the processing of your personal data when such processing is based on the legitimate interest of PartyLite. PartyLite may, however, invoke compelling legitimate grounds for continued processing. You also have the right to object at any time to processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes.
The Right to File a Complaint with the Supervisory Authority:  You have the right to contact your Data Protection Authority to complain about PartyLite’s personal data protection practices.
The Right to Give Instructions Concerning the Use of Your Data After Your Death:  You have the right to give instructions to PartyLite concerning the use of your personal data after your death.
The Right to Register on an Opposition List/Do Not Call Registry Regarding Direct Marketing Performed by Direct Calls.
California Privacy Rights.  Pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended (“CCPA”), certain California residents may have data privacy rights, which are set forth below.
Right to Know: You may have the right to know the categories of personal information that we have collected about you and the purpose for which we use it.
Right to Access: You may have the right to request access to the specific pieces of personal information that we have collected about you.
Right to Portability: You may have the right to receive your personal data, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and to have that data transmitted to another organization in certain circumstances.
Right to Deletion: You may have the right to request the deletion of your personal data that we have collected from you.
Right to Be Free from Discrimination: PartyLite will not discriminate against you for exercising your consumer privacy rights.
Right to Opt-Out. In some circumstances, California residents have the right to opt-out of the sale of their personal data. PartyLite does not sell your personal data to third parties for profit or valuable consideration.
To exercise any of these data privacy rights, please contact us, or have your authorized agent contact us, in accordance with the “Contact Us” section listed below. In the event you submit, or your authorized agent submits on your behalf, a data request, you (and your authorized agent) hereby acknowledge and agree, under penalty of perjury, that you are the consumer, or the agent is your authorized agent, whose personal information is the subject of the request. We will respond to any data requests within the timeframes required by law, and we may charge a fee to facilitate your request, where permitted by law. The rights afforded under the CCPA are not absolute, and PartyLite may be permitted to refrain from undertaking any action or changing its data processing activities, in response to a data request you submit to us.  If you make, or your authorized agent on your behalf makes, any request related to your personal data under the CCPA, PartyLite will ascertain your identity (and the identity of the authorized agent, to the extent applicable) to the degree of certainty required under the law before addressing your request. PartyLite may require you to match at least two or three pieces of personal data we have previously collected from you before granting you access to, or erasing, specific pieces, or categories of, personal data, or otherwise responding to your request. We may require written documentation that demonstrates a third party is authorized to serve as your agent for the purposes of submitting the requests set forth herein.
Canadian Privacy Rights.  Where, in accordance with this Privacy Policy, we export your personal information  to a country outside Canada, that personal information may be available to the applicable foreign government or its agencies under a lawful order made in that foreign country for purposes other than described herein. You may have the right to request access to and to correct the personal information that we hold about you, or withdraw your consent to the use of your personal information under certain circumstances. If you want to review, verify, correct, or withdraw consent to the use of your personal information, please contact us in accordance with the instructions provided in the “Contact Us” section. We may request specific data from you to help us confirm your identity. If we cannot provide you with access to your personal information, we will inform you of the reasons why, subject to any legal or regulatory restrictions.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
Please note that we may update this Privacy Policy at any time to adapt it to potential new practices and service offerings. In such case, we will change the “last update” date and we will indicate the date on which the changes have been made. In case of significant change, we will inform you by any appropriate means.
Please read this Privacy Policy at regular intervals, so that you are always informed about the current status.
Cookies
A "cookie" is a file that is stored on your hard drive containing information about you. PartyLite may set cookies on your hard drive to assist you in navigating the PartyLite website. Most Internet browsers delete cookies from your computer's hard drive, prevent cookies from being stored, or give a warning before storing a cookie, so please read your browser's instructions or use the help function for further instructions.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is used on our websites. This is a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. ("Google"). Google uses cookies on this website for this web analytics service. The information generated by the cookie about the use of our online offer by the users (are usually transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there. The information collected includes information about the websites and the pages you visit, your online shopping and shopping habits and the transactions you have made.  Google will use this information on our behalf to evaluate the use of our online offer by users, to compile reports on the activities within this online offering and to provide us with further services related to the use of this online offer and the internet usage. In this case, pseudonymous usage profiles of the users can be created from the processed data.
You can prevent the collection and storage of cookies by setting your browser software accordingly. For Google Analytics, you can prevent the collection and storage of data generated by the cookie and its use of the online offer as well as the processing of this data by Google by downloading and installing the browser opt-out plug-in available at the following link:  https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.  An opt-out cookie will be stored on your device. If you delete your cookies, you must click the link again.
The anonymized IP address provided by Google Analytics within the scope of Google Analytics will not be merged with other data provided by Google.
Facebook
Our website includes plug-ins from Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave., Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA (Facebook). They are indicated by the Facebook logo or the note "Like".
The Facebook plug-ins lead to information about your visit being forwarded to Facebook and, if necessary, saved there if you have a Facebook account and are logged into your account while visiting our website. In the logged-in state, it is possible to assign the data to the Facebook profile.
Otherwise, the Facebook plug-in will forward to Facebook the information that you have visited the website provided with a Facebook plug-in. Through interaction with a Facebook plug-in, e.g., by clicking on the "Like" button, this information and any other information that you have entered in this context will also be saved there.
For the purpose, manner and extent of information stored by Facebook and their use, you can refer to the privacy policy of Facebook at:  https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation. There, you can also read about preventing the storage and use of your personal data through Facebook or restrict.
Facebook Pixels
We use the tool “Facebook Website Custom Audiences”. By means of a pixel integrated on this website, we mark you as a user of our website. For this purpose, no personal data will be collected or used by you. Facebook can recognize you by using this pixel when visiting the Facebook website. Information about your visit to our website is forwarded to Facebook without any personal reference for analysis and marketing purposes. The information transmitted to Facebook is a non-reversible and non-personal checksum, which is based on your usage data. There is no transmission of other data under this technology.
You can access the following links to learn more about the handling of the data by Facebook and also make setting changes:
https://www.facebook.com/ads/website_custom_audiences/
https://www.facebook.com/about/ads
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
Bing Advertisements
PartyLite uses Bing Ads (Microsoft) to promote our business online. To more effectively market our product or service, PartyLite uses a small text file (a cookie) to record the completion of your transaction. Any information that Bing gathers will remain anonymous and cannot be used to identify you. Other browsers such as Internet Explorer and Mozilla Firefox, let you delete cookies and choose what types of cookies you want to allow on your computer. For more information pertaining to Bing Ads and Microsoft, please see https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/privacystatement.
Interest-based advertising - Canada
Our third party vendors or service providers may also use cookies and web beacons to measure the effectiveness of our ads and to determine the content and advertising to offer you, based on your interests. To support these activities we, our service providers, and business partners may use information about your visits to our website. You may opt out of other third-party vendor's use of cookies by disabling cookies on your browser or by visiting http://youradchoices.ca/choices/ or youradchoices.com. Please note that even if you choose to disable cookies you will still see advertisements while browsing online. However, the advertisements may be less relevant to you and your interests.
E-mails and Newsletters
As explained above, we use your e-mail address, which you have given us in the ordering process, for sending the order confirmation as well as other important customer information necessary for the product order, processing and delivery in our system.
When visiting our website, we may use information about your activities (surfing behavior, viewed products, shopping carts) to create a pseudonymized usage profile. We use this information to send you mailings targeted and tailored to your needs
When you sign up for our newsletters or to hear from us, you agree that we may use the aforementioned information and your order history to send you customized mailings and marketing messages or to ask you about your satisfaction with the products you have purchased. Your data will be used solely for this purpose and will not be shared with third parties. You may revoke your consent at any time. To do this, either click on the unsubscribe link in the newsletter or send an informal letter to:
PartyLite Gifts, Inc. 600 Cordwainer Drive, Norwell, Massachusetts 02061 via E-Mail: privacyofficer@partylite.com
Contact Us
Please contact our Privacy Officer if you have any questions about our privacy practices, this Privacy Policy or your personal data.
Please understand that we can only respond to requests for information or inquiries about your personal data if we can ensure that you are actually the sender (in some cases we may ask you to provide us with your ID). Please make your request always in writing by mail or e-mail.
Privacy Officer:
Patrick Piccininno
By post:
PartyLite Gifts, Inc.
600 Cordwainer Drive,
Norwell, Massachusetts 02061
By phone:
781-347-9552
By e-mail:
privacyofficer@partylite.com
Get in on the Good Times!
We love making new friends. Sign Up for Candle Connection emails and be the first to receive our special offers. Plus, get 15% off your first Online Order!
Sign Up for Our Newsletter:
Subscribe
Loading...
Copyright © 2020 PartyLite