http://www.cookfabrications.co.uk/terms-and-conditions/
Terms & Conditions
This website – www.cookfabrications.co.uk – is owned and operated by Cook Fabrications Ltd. The information on this website is provided free of charge and is intended to provide helpful information.
This information cannot be taken as comprehensive and should never be used as a substitute for professional advice. We cannot guarantee that the information applies to your individual circumstances. Despite our best efforts it is possible that some information may be out of date.
The operators of this website cannot take any responsibility for the consequences of errors or omissions.
Any reliance you place on information found on this site or linked to on other websites will be at your own risk.
The operators of this website, its agents and employees, are not liable for any losses or damages arising from your use of this site, other than in respect of death or personal injury caused by their negligence or in respect of fraud.
Links contained in this website will lead to other websites. Although checked regularly, they are not under our control. We are not responsible for the content of any linked website and cannot take responsibility for the consequences of your using the information or services on linked websites. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all the time.
Virus protection
We make every effort to check and test this website during production. However, we would advise you to run an anti-virus program on anything you download from the Internet. We cannot accept any responsibility for any damage to your computer system or loss of data caused by using this website.
Applicable law
This website and the use of it is governed by English law and English courts shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any disputes connected to this website.
PreviousNext123
Explore Our SiteHomepage
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
About Us
Vacancies
Contact
Get In Touch T: 01303 893011
F: 01303 893407
E: info@cookfabrications.co.uk
Address Broomfield Works,  Fernfield Lane,  Hawkinge
Folkestone
Kent
CT18 7AW
Site Map
Contact
Gallery
Homepage
Metalwork
Movies
Privacy Policy
Processing and Services
Steel Detailing
Structural Steelwork
Terms and Conditions
Testimonials
Vacancies
About Us
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Scroll to top