http://www.ubh.com/pages/privacy-policy/
Customer Privacy Notice
United Built Homes, LLC is committed to Customer Privacy. We invite you to review the following information, which summarizes our policies and practices designed to keep your private information confidential.
United Built collects information from customers to provide lending and home construction and purchasing services and to meet legal requirements. We also may use the information to offer products and services that may meet our customers' financial needs.
We collect nonpublic personal information about you from the following sources:
Information we receive from you on applications or other forms;
Information about your transactions with us, our affiliates, or others;
Information we receive from a consumer reporting agency;
Information about your employment history from current or past employers; and
Information we receive from you about home design and decorating tastes and preferences.
We may disclose the following kinds of nonpublic personal information about you:
Information we receive from you on applications or other forms, such as your name, address, social security number, assets, and income;
Information about your transactions with us, our affiliates, or others, such as your account balance, payment history, parties to transactions, and credit card usage;
Information we receive from a consumer reporting agency, such as your creditworthiness and credit history;
Employment information, including current income and employment history and verification from current or past employers; and
Home design and decorating tastes and preferences, including floor plans, square footage, paint/roof colors, and so forth.
We may disclose nonpublic personal information about you to the following types of third parties:
Other financial institutions, banks, mortgage lenders, or mortgage brokers;
Other financial service providers, such as mortgage bankers and financial institutions who originate mortgage loans, or invest in or purchase customer loan files;
Insurance companies or agents;
Non-financial companies, such as consumer reporting agencies or credit bureaus, title or abstract companies, title searchers, title lawyers, appraisers, and title insurance companies; and
Others, such as consultants who may view the information in the course of servicing our computer equipment or software, accountants who conduct our annual audits, consultants who perform customer surveys, and contractors and suppliers who will need to the information to build the customer's home to the agreed contract terms.
We restrict access to nonpublic personal information about you to those employees who need to know that information to provide products or services to you, or appropriate information regarding your accounts with us to third parties as described above. We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to guard your nonpublic personal information.
The above categories and descriptions apply to former customers as well as current customers. In regard to former customers, we collect the same types of nonpublic information, from the same sources, and disclose the same types of information to the same third parties, all as described above.
Share: