http://www.graniteconstruction.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main navigation
Company
Leadership
Core Values
Our Brands
Our History
Safety
Sustainability
Contact Us
Our Work
Transportation
Water + Wastewater
Specialty
Federal
Materials
Careers
Professionals
Craft + Skilled Trades
Internships
Life at Granite
Inclusive Diversity
Newsroom
Locations
Investors
Search
Search
Search
Arrow Icon
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Before accessing any part of the Granite Construction Incorporated’s (“Granite”) website, https://granite.staffbase.com and/or our mobile applications (any or all of these will be referred to throughout this document as “Our Site”), please carefully read the following Terms and Conditions. These Terms and Conditions govern your use of this site and any links associated with it. Your usage of Our Site is predicated upon your agreement to abide by these Terms and Conditions. Granite reserves the right to revise these Terms and Conditions at any time, and it is your responsibility to review this page from time to time to ensure compliance and review any revisions to these Terms and Conditions. If you do not agree with these Terms and Conditions, please do not access Our Site.
Intellectual Property
The information on Our Site is owned by Granite or its subsidiaries and affiliates or used under license from the copyright owner. Granite's trademarks, logos, images, and service marks used on Our Site are also owned by Granite and may be used only with Granite's express written permission and with proper acknowledgement. This information is protected by state and federal law, and, without Granite's prior written consent may not be copied, reproduced, transmitted, displayed, performed, distributed, rented, sublicensed, altered, stored for subsequent use or otherwise used in whole or in part in any manner, except to the extent that the United States or California copyright laws authorizes such use.
Confidential Information
We collect no personal information about you when you visit Our Site unless otherwise stated or unless you choose to provide this information to us. However, we collect and store certain information automatically:
Internet Protocol (IP) address of the domain from which you access the Internet (i.e., 123.456.789.012), either your individual address or the proxy provided by your Internet Service Provider (ISP).
Date and time you access Our Site.
Pages you view (recorded by the text and graphics files that compose that page).
Web address of the site from which you linked directly to Our Site.
Browser version and operating system of the computer you are using.
This information is not shared with anyone beyond the website support staff, except when required by law enforcement investigation or contract, and is used only as a source of anonymous statistical information.
We use the summary statistics to help us make Our Site more useful to visitors, such as assessing what information is of most and least interest to visitors, and for other purposes such as determining the site's technical design specifications and identifying system performance or problem areas.
Parts of Our Site - pages used by our staff, users, and collaborators - may use cookies. A cookie contains information that is either stored in your computer's memory, or in a file on your computer's hard disk. Cookies that are stored in your computer's memory are automatically removed when you quit your browser. Cookies that are stored in a file on your computer's hard disk will have an expiration date after which time they will no longer be valid. Most modern web browsers allow you to control cookie use by enabling, disabling, or prompting when a cookie is encountered.
Privacy
Granite is sensitive to the privacy of users of Our Site. In general, you can visit this site without revealing who you are or disclosing any information about yourself. If you provide us with information, Granite may store and disclose this information only as allowed or required by applicable law, including making disclosures which are advisable or necessary to (i) preserve or protect the rights, safety or property of Granite or others, and (b) comply and conform to legal or regulatory requirements. Granite will not trade, sell, or rent your personal information but may collect and/or provide aggregate statistics about Our Site and users to other parties. Granite does not use cookies, small files that are sent to your browser and stored on your hard drive to record how and when you use a site. Our Site, however, contains links to other Websites, and Granite does not control the privacy policies of those sites. See Linked Third Party Sites. This privacy statement applies only to information collected and maintained by Granite.
No Representations and Warranties
While Granite has attempted to publish only accurate, reliable, complete and up-to-date information on Our Site, Granite assumes no responsibility for, and makes no representations with respect to, the accuracy or completeness of any information displayed or distributed through the site. All materials and information are provided "AS IS" WITHOUT ANY IMPLIED OR EXPRESS WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RELATING TO SUCH MATERIAL. IN NO EVENT SHALL GRANITE OR ITS SUBSIDIARIES BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR OTHER DAMAGES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOST PROFITS OR REVENUES, COSTS OF REPLACEMENT OF GOODS, OR LOSS OR DAMAGE TO DATA, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OF OUR SITE, WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF GRANITE AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
Linked Third Party Sites
Our Site contains links to certain third party sites that are not controlled by, affiliated or associated with, Granite. If you choose to visit these third party sites, be aware that the third party sites, not Granite, govern such sites' privacy practices and terms of use. Granite is not responsible for the content nor does Granite make any representations regarding the content or accuracy of the content available on such sites and that the use of any information on such third party sites shall be at the risk of the user. Links are provided for your convenience, and inclusion of such links does not imply Granite's endorsement, adoption or approval of the content available through such links.
Governing Law
The laws of the State of California, without reference to any choice of law provisions, shall govern any claims relating to Our Site or to the materials on it. Any cause of action that may arise due to the use or lack thereof shall be commenced and heard in the appropriate court in the State of California, County of Santa Cruz.
California Privacy Policy
Granite Construction Incorporated, its subsidiaries, successors, and affiliated companies over which it has operating control (collectively, “Company,” “us,” or “we”) is committed to protecting the privacy of certain data that is collected about you.  This California Privacy Policy (“Policy”) applies solely to individuals, visitors, users, and others who are residents of the State of California (“consumers” or “you”) and describes our policies and practices regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information we collect about you, including personal information you submit or we obtain when you access the Company website or websites, apps, or other online media under our operation and control (collectively, the “Site”), as well as certain other personal information relating to you.  This California Privacy Policy is adopted to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”).  Any terms defined within the CCPA have the same meaning when utilizing within this California Privacy Policy.  Read more
Goodbye For Now
You are leaving the Granite Construction website.
You will automatically be redirected to
[link]
momentarily.
Cancel Redirect
Continue
Arrow Icon