http://www.sherrillcanet.com/terms-of-use
Terms of Use | Sherrill Canet Interiors | New York, NY
Sherrill Canet Interiors
Portfolio
Shop
Carpet Collection
Wallcoverings
Fabrics Collection
Furniture
Outdoor Collection
About Us
Press
Contact
Terms of Use
Terms of Use
1. The content and information displayed on this Web site is the property of Sherrill Canet Interiors, LTD (“Sherrill Canet”). The downloading, reproduction, re transmission of Sherrill Canet Web Page, other than for non-commercial individual use, is strictly prohibited.
2. Internet sites of Sherrill Canet may contain or reference trademarks, patents, copyrighted materials, trade secrets, technologies, products, processes or other proprietary rights of Sherrill Canet and/or other parties. No license to or right in any such trademarks, patents, copyrighted materials, trade secrets, technologies, products, processes and other proprietary rights of Sherrill Canet and/or other parties is granted to or conferred upon you.
3. You agree that you will not use any device, software or other instrumentality to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of our site, and that you will not take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure. In addition, you agree that you will not use any robot, spider, other automatic device, or manual process to monitor or copy our Web pages or the content contained herein, without the prior express consent from an authorized Sherrill Canet representative (such consent is deemed given for standard search engine technology employed by Internet search Web sites to direct Internet users to this site).
4. This site may provide you with the ability to use usernames, passwords, or other codes or devices to gain access to restricted portions of this site (“access codes”). The content contained in such restricted areas is confidential to Sherrill Canet, and is provided to you for your personal use only. We reserve the right to prohibit the use of such access codes on your behalf by third parties where we determine that such use interferes with our site’s operation or results in commercial benefits for other entities to our detriment.
5. ALL Sherrill Canet INFORMATION IS PROVIDED “AS IS” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusion may not apply to you.
6. With respect to all communications you make to Sherrill Canet regarding www.SherrillCanet Interiors.com, including but not limited to feedback, questions, comments, suggestions and the like: (a) you shall have no right of confidentiality in your communications and Sherrill Canet shall have no obligation to protect your communications from disclosure; (b) Sherrill Canet shall be free to reproduce, use, disclose and distribute your communications to others without limitation; and (c) Sherrill Canet shall be free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how, content or techniques contained in your communications for any purpose whatsoever, including but not limited to the development, production and marketing of products and services that incorporate such information.
7. The Sherrill Canet Web Site may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. Sherrill Canet reserves the right to make changes, corrections and/or improvements to Sherrill Canet and to the products and programs described in such information, at any time without notice.
8. Sherrill Canet Internet sites contain information on worldwide products and services for Sherrill Canet, not all of which are available in every location. A reference to a Sherrill Canet product or service on a Sherrill Canet Internet site does not imply that such product or service is or will be available in your location.
9. If you choose to leave this Sherrill Canet site via links to other non-Sherrill Canet sites, Sherrill Canet is not responsible for the privacy policies of those sites or the cookies those sites use. In addition, because Sherrill Canet has no control over such sites and resources, you acknowledge and agree that Sherrill Canet is not responsible for the availability of such external sites or resources, and does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for any content, advertising, products, or other materials on or available from such sites or resources.
10. This is a United States hosted Web site and is subject to United States law. Sherrill Canet will disclose any information regarding the use of this site including personal information pertaining to you without your permission when required by law, or in good faith belief that such action is necessary to investigate or protect against harmful activities to Sherrill Canet guests, visitors, employees, or property (including this site), or to others.
11. If you would like to view the privacy practices and conditions that govern Sherrill Canet please see our privacy statement.
If you have questions about these Terms of Use please send an e-mail to: info@SherrillCanet.com.
Copyright © 2010 Sherrill Canet Interiors, Ltd. All rights reserved.
Site Map |
Privacy Policy |
Terms of Use
FacebookTwitterDering Hall