http://www.sharoncu.com/web-site-and-social-media-policy
Online Banking
UserName
Password
Forgot Username |
Password
|
Register
ONLINE BANKING LOGIN
Search
Search
SHARE THIS:
Website & Social Media Policies
At Sharon & Crescent United Credit Union, we are committed to keeping the information of our members and visitors to the site private and secure.
Website Policy
While we do not automatically collect personal information from our website users, we do collect and store information on domain names, dates and times of visits to our website. We only use this information to measure the number of visitors to our website and the route a user travels while within the Credit Union's website as this information allows us to better serve our users in improved design and site navigation.
Cookies
Our website may use cookies (small pieces of information sent by our web server to a visitor's web browser that reminds our site about the user the next time he or she visits). We do not store confidential or sensitive information in cookies. The use of cookies allows us to enhance your online banking session and ease navigation through our website. For certain applications, such as online banking, cookies are required to help protect the privacy of your transactions by, for example, automatically terminating the online session if you forget to log out. It is important to know that cookies cannot be used to capture your email address, obtain data from your hard drive or gain confidential or sensitive information about you. You have the option to set your browser to notify you before accepting a cookie, allowing you to control whether a cookie is accepted or rejected. Information on these settings can be found under the "Help" menu in most browsers.
Advertising
From time to time, we may also advertise on networks, including the Google content network, that use your browsing history across websites to choose which ads to display on their sites. The Credit Union may advertise online using Remarketing with Google Analytics. Using this technology, a unique ad-serving cookie is placed on your computer that uses non-personal information about your browser and your activity on our website to serve ads on the Google content network. As a result, you may notice advertising for the Credit Union elsewhere online when browsing. For more information about remarketing or to opt out of the Google remarketing cookie, please click here. To learn more about this type of advertising in general, and to opt out of seeing interest-based advertisements on participating sites, visit the Network Advertising Initiative home page. Please note that, even if you choose to remove your information (opt out), you will still see advertisements while you're browsing online. However, the advertisements you see may be less relevant to you and your interests.
Important Note Regarding Links to Other Web Sites
For your convenience, our website contains links to other websites. The Credit Union is not responsible for the content of linked sites and does not represent either the third party or you, the member, if you enter into a transaction. Further, the privacy and security policies of linked sites may differ from those practiced by the Credit Union.
Social Media Public Use Policy
The Credit Union utilizes social media to reach a broader audience and to further connect with our members. The Credit Union encourages dialogue amongst the members of our communities and welcomes you to participate in these conversations. The following is the official policy for everyone participating in the Credit Union's online communities.
Terms of Use
These terms govern the Credit Union’s social media-based websites, accounts, pages and applications (collectively, “sites”). By accessing our sites, you agree to be bound by and comply with these terms, all applicable laws and regulations, and any other applicable policies, terms and guidelines and existing agreements established by the Credit Union and those of any third parties that host our sites (which may include, but are not limited to, Facebook, YouTube, Yelp, Instagram, LinkedIn, Vine, Google+, Pinterest, Twitter). If you do not agree with any of these terms, do not use or access our sites. Any unauthorized use of our sites or misuse of any information posted to a site is strictly prohibited.
Use Limitation
While we welcome member and non-member participation as a means of sharing experiences, suggesting improvements, and contributing to conversations, we have established the following use limitations. The Credit Union reserves the right to review any and all comments at its discretion and to delete comments that are, or include:
Spam: Comments focused on selling a product or service, or comments posted for a purpose of driving traffic to a particular website for personal, political or monetary gain will be removed.
Personal Attacks: If you disagree with the content, we would like to hear from you, but ask that you refrain from personal attacks or being disrespectful to others. Malicious intent and/or participation not in the spirit of civil conversation will be removed.
Illegal: Posts must not violate laws that govern use of copyrights, trade secrets, etc.
Offensive Language: Comments including, but not limited to, profane or provocative language will be removed. Comments that contain threatening, hateful, offensive, derogatory, obscene or sexually explicit language will not be tolerated.
Private or Confidential Information: Please do not provide any of your specific account details or other personal information when posting comments. If you have immediate service needs, please contact our Call Center at 781-784-7725, or visit one of our local branches for assistance.
Posts in HTML Format (or URLs) will be removed. Please only use plain text when submitting your comments.
Posts from Individuals Under the Age of 13 cannot be accepted.
Posts Containing Photos will not be accepted, unless specifically requested by an authorized representative of the Credit Union for a contest or other business-related purpose. In these instances, pictures will be reviewed and will not be posted if deemed inappropriate.
Endorsements: The Credit Union does not endorse any comments made by its employees, unless they are made in an authorized representative capacity. Statements and opinions expressed in the comments are strictly those of the commenter alone, and do not constitute an official position of the Credit Union, unless they are posted by the original author (who is an authorized representative of the credit union) or by a subject matter expert responding on behalf of that authorized representative.
Credit Union Employees
If you are a Credit Union employee, you MUST disclose your employment status when you submit a comment or question. When participating in online communities, do not misrepresent yourself. Whether you are at home or in the office, working for the Credit Union is a material fact that may influence content, and community members have a right to know you work for the Credit Union. When commenting on the Credit Union, unless you are authorized to speak on behalf of the Credit Union, you must state that the views expressed are your own. If we feel the nature of your comment is confidential, shares information not generally available, or recommends an action which could adversely affect our members, we reserve the right to remove comment from a blog or social media site. Thank you for helping maintain the integrity of our community by disclosing your employment relationship.
Disclaimer
The materials on the Credit Union’s sites are provided “As is”. The Credit Union makes no warranties, express or implied, regarding merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, the Credit Union does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its sites or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to these sites. The information and content provided on our sites is intended for informational purposes only. The Credit Union is not responsible for any content posted by users, including posts made by employees or agents who are not authorized administrators of our sites. Content posted by others is not edited by the Credit Union and does not necessarily represent its views or opinions.
Limitations/Indemnification
In no event shall the Credit Union, its affiliates or suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on the Credit Union’s sites, or for loss or damage that results from your failure to comply with these terms or other applicable guidelines, or from any technical, human or software errors or failures found within our sites. You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Credit Union, its officers, employees and agents from any and all liability with respect to any claims from any third parties arising from your use of our sites or violations of these terms or applicable guidelines.
Privacy
Your use of the Credit Union’s social media-based websites constitutes your consent to the Credit Union’s use of information obtained through your site visits. With respect to content collected through our sites, the Credit Union follows the applicable privacy policies of the third-party hosts of our sites. Please note that when visiting any Credit Union site, you are also subject to the terms and conditions of the Credit Union’s privacy notices, as well as the terms of service and privacy policies of third-party hosts, when applicable.
Third-Party Links
The Credit Union has not reviewed all of the third-party sites linked from its sites and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any third-party link does not imply endorsement by the Credit Union. Use of any such linked website is at the user’s own risk. You understand that, when going to a third-party website, that site is governed by the third party’s privacy and terms of use, and the third party is solely responsible for the content and offering presented on its website.
The Credit Union reserves the right to change these Terms at any time at its sole discretion.
QUICK LINKS
Open an Account Apply for a Loan Order Checks Calculators Online Banking
CONNECT WITH US
Contact Us Locations Careers Donations
FINANCIAL EDUCATION
Blog Resources Library Counseling
SECURITY CENTER
News Resources Report
IMPORTANT INFORMATION
Disclosures & Policies Fee Schedule FAQs
Privacy Notice | Web Site & Social Media Policy | ABA/Routing: 211385556 | NMLS #: 463186 | Phone #: 1-781-784-7725 | Site Map © Copyright 2020				Sharon & Crescent United Credit Union
See All | Contract AllHomePersonal
CheckingSavingsAdditional ServicesMortgagesHome EquityLoansCredit CardsBusiness
MyBusiness CheckingBusiness SavingsBusiness Credit CardsCommercial LoansBusiness ServicesSBA PPP Loan ForgivenessInvest
SCU Financial ServicesMeet Your Financial AdvisorContact SCU FinancialResources & Tools
Online BankingApply OnlineRatesCalculatorsFAQsReport Lost or Stolen CardLoan PaymentsReorder ChecksBlog HomeFinancial EducationFinancial CounselingOwn My SolarFee Refund RequestAbout Us
Contact UsHours and LocationsNews and EventsCareersYour Credit UnionDonationsScholarshipsExclusive Member Programs