http://www.mortgageadvantage.com/privacy-policy.php
Privacy Policy
The Mortgage Advantage Corp. (“Mortgage Advantage”) is committed to ensuring the privacy and confidentiality of its customers and visitors to the company’s web site.
As such, Mortgage Advantage utilizes industry-standard security measures to safeguard internet transactions and communications.
Mortgage Advantage Privacy Policy for Customer Information
Beginning July 1, 2001, all financial institutions are required to deliver privacy policy notices to members of the public who buy financial products and services.
If you have any questions about our privacy policy, please contact:
Steven Schwartz
Mortgage Advantage
201 Old Country Road, Suite 201
Melville, NY 11747
Phone: 631.424.5100
sds@mortgageadvantage.com
Special Note About Children
Mortgage Advantage does not provide services to children and its web sites are not intended for children. Mortgage Advantage asks that minors not submit any personal information to Mortgage Advantage. If you are a minor, you can use this site or Mortgage Advantage’s services in conjunction with a parent or guardian.
Non-Personal Identification Information Collection
While Mortgage Advantage’s web servers automatically collect visitor domain names, they do not involuntarily collect personal identification information about visitors.
The web servers gather information about the particulars of a visitor’s visit through the Mortgage Advantage web site, such as the web page from which a visitor enters
the site, the pages within the site visited, how long a visitor is on the site, and other such information that will help Mortgage Advantage evaluate and improve its site.
Personal Identification Information Collection
When visitors voluntarily provide personal identification information to Mortgage Advantage through the company’s web site, such as when ordering services/products and
accessing account specific or other profile information, Mortgage Advantage limits its use of such information to the purposes for which the information was provided.
However, Mortgage Advantage reserves the right to use such information for marketing/product development research and other similar purposes and/or to contact a visitor regarding
additional services/products such visitor may find useful, in accordance with applicable law.
Internal Disclosure of Information
Mortgage Advantage employees are permitted access to the information they require to perform their jobs and service customers. Mortgage Advantage maintains strict internal policies
against the unauthorized disclosure or use of customer information. Mortgage Advantage has a number of separate affiliates and,
subject to federal, state, and local laws, reserves the right to make information held by one entity available to other affiliates for authorized purposes.
Third Party Disclosure of Information
Mortgage Advantage does not sell or disclose personal identification information obtained on-line from visitors through the company web site to anyone outside of Mortgage Advantage
and its affiliated companies unless (i) specifically authorized by a visitor; (ii) such disclosure is to a business partner that can provide beneficial services
to Mortgage Advantage customers and such business partner agrees to keep the information Mortgage Advantage provides confidential; (iii) required by law or a court or government
agency of competent jurisdiction; or (iv) such disclosure is necessary to protect the safety of Mortgage Advantage customers, employees, or property.
Unsolicited Email
Mortgage Advantage does not send unsolicited “junk” email (spam). However, the company does use email to communicate with customers and respond to visitor inquiries, confirm orders
placed online, and send information requested by visitors through the company’s web site. Any visitors receiving unwanted email from Mortgage Advantage should contact the company
at info@mortgageadvantage.com and advise of their desire not to receive future emails and/or
request removal from Mortgage Advantage’s email list. As soon as reasonably practical, Mortgage Advantage will remove such visitor from the company’s email list.
Cookies
Mortgage Advantage’s web sites may use “cookies” to improve the level of service to visitors. Cookies are lines of text that are transmitted to a web browser and stored
on the visitor’s hard drive. When the visitor returns to the Mortgage Advantage web site the cookie is transmitted back. Cookies provide a way for a server to recall a previous
request or registration, or to keep track of a transaction as it progresses thereby eliminating the need to repeat the information previously provided. A cookie can only be accessed
from the web site that placed it on the visitor’s system. The cookies used by Mortgage Advantage do not collect personal identification information and Mortgage Advantage does not
combine information collected through cookies with other personal information to determine a visitor’s identity or e-mail address. Cookies are commonly used on web sites today
and should not harm any system upon which they are transmitted. Browsers can be configured to notify visitors when cookies are about to be received and provide visitors with the option
of refusing cookies.
Future Privacy Policy Modifications
Mortgage Advantage is continually trying to improve the services it provides customers and the experiences of visitors to the company’s web site. As such, Mortgage Advantage
may expand its capabilities for obtaining information about visitors in the future. Thus, Mortgage Advantage reserves the right to revise its Privacy Policy as required by advances in
technology or other changes in the collection of information through the internet.
Mortgage Advantage Affiliates
The affiliates of Mortgage Advantage are Advantage Title Agency, Inc., Advantage Foreclosure Services, Inc., Advantage Legal Services, Inc., Advantage Settlement, Inc. and the Advantage Group, Inc.
Disclaimer
Mortgage Advantage presents the information contained in the website as a service to our clients for information purposes only. While the information contained within this website
may relate to legal issues, it is not intended as legal advice or as a substitute for the particularized advice of counsel, and should not be used, or treated, by the recipient
as legal advice. People seeking specific legal advice or assistance regarding such information should contact an attorney.
Any information provided by Mortgage Advantage is provided “as is”, without warranty of any kind, either express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied
warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement.
Questions
Questions regarding this statement should be directed to sds@mortgageadvantage.com.
“Nancy is very knowledgeable, professional, and very dedicated to her work. It was a pleasure working with her. She guided my husband and I though the entire mortgage process and helped us get a great rate. She is very organized and precise. She made the mortgage process easy and offered great guidance throughout the entire process. She was always quick to respond all of our questions and was always easily accessible. We absolutely loved working with her and highly recommend her.”
Yinet and Christopher Conde
Homeowners
“While the task of simultaneously selling two homes and buying another was daunting, at best, the team at Mortgage Advantage made it all seem easy. They not only performed several magic acts [to help us get the job done], they did it with professionalism and an expertise that - like our mortgage - was "jumbo!"
We are beyond grateful that Advantage was watching our backs.”
Alan Spen and Jodi Andersen
Homeowners
“I refer all of my clients to Mortgage Advantage, and I trust their work so much that I have obtained all of my own loans through them as well. They do an exhaustive search to get you the best rate and find the best mortgage program available. Their ability to structure solutions and find advantageous financing sets them apart.”
Matthew C. Lamstein, Esq.
Lazer Aptheker Rosella & Yedid, P.C.
“Nancy Hall is an exceptional mortgage broker. She kept us advised every step of the mortgage process, explaining the reason for every obscure document requested from us. Her manner was always friendly, and she was always available to answer every question we had. Previously, we had gone directly to banks for our mortgages. We don't believe that we will ever do that again as long as Nancy is around to assist in the process. We will strongly recommend Nancy to our friends in the future, and we will be certain to use her the next time we require new financing. She is remarkable and a five-star broker, and any organization should be proud to have her working for them. ”
Will Bratton and Sharyn Felder
Homeowners
See More Testimonials