https://www.richmanclub.com/privacy/
Facebook
RSS
Twitter
Youtube
Home
WorkWhat We Do
WatchFilms Online
Online Theatre Main Channel
Film: The Alien Invasion-Extras
Film: Coffee:Black Extras
Film: Twelve Noon Extras
NewsHappenings
CompanyAbout Us
ContactReach Us
SubscribeMailing List
Privacy Policy
Richmanclub Studios (“Richmanclub”) collects information from our users for a number of reasons, the chief one being to better understand our users and their needs.
This Privacy Policy sets forth the online information practices of Richmanclub including:
1. The kinds of information we collect
2. The ways in which we use the information that we collect
3. The choices you have with regard to the information we collect
Please read carefully our policy on data collection and use of the data collected.
INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE
Richmanclub collects two kinds of information from you: personally-identifiable information that you choose to provide to us and non personally-identifiable information, such as your IP address.
Personally-Identifiable Information
The only personally-identifiable information that we collect is what you voluntarily submit to us.
Email
For example, if you register for our mailing list, we may request for your email address and a name to address the online mail to.
If you email questions, comments, or request for more information about Richmanclub, we may request for your name, mailing address, telephone number, and/or email address in order to respond to your inquiries.
Also, if you submit a resume or application for employment with Richmanclub via e-mail, you will be required to include personally-identifiable information so that Richmanclub can adequately review your application and contact you. Richmanclub may collect and store the information you choose to provide us in order to send you information about Richmanclub from time to time.
Products and Services Offered By Richmanclub or by Third-Party Vendors
The Richmanclub web site offers software downloads which may require the user to enter personally-identifiable information. This information will be used to process your request.
Richmanclub may also offer links to third party sites, which may offer products or services for sale. Please note that Richmanclub does not usually process orders or ship merchandise and that Richmanclub does not dictate or supervise the information collection and use policies of any third party vendors. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of any other web sites. We encourage our users to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that they visit for more information on how your information may be collected and used.
Non Personally-Identifiable Information
IP Addresses
An IP Address is a number used by computers on a network to identify your computer so that data can be transmitted to you. We collect IP Address information in order to administer our web site and to gather broad demographic information.
Cookies
Cookies are pieces of data that a web site sends to a user’s computer while the user is viewing the site. Cookies identify your web browser and store information about your visits, but do not reveal any personally-identifiable information about you. We may use cookies to understand what parts of our site users are visiting the most and to help us improve our site.
Information Sharing
We may share personally-identifiable and/or non personally-identifiable information with select third parties, including our agents, affiliates, partners and sponsors. Also, we may disclose personally-identifiable information when required to do so under law or in cooperation with a legal request in connection with any law enforcement investigation or other public safety matter.
CHOICE
Richmanclub provides you with the following choices regarding the use of your information:
You may choose to not provide us with any contact information. However, if you do so, your ability to navigate this site may be impaired.
If you would like to change or modify information you have previously provided us, please send an e-mail to rmc@richmanclub.com.
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or the practices of our web site, please contact rmc@richmanclub.com.
NOTIFICATION OF CHANGES
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on our homepage so you will always be aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
SECURITY
We make every effort to have reasonable security procedures in place to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information under our control. If you have any questions about the security of our web site or about this privacy policy, please contact rmc@richmanclub.com.
Home
Company
Contact
Richopus Music
IVI VFX
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Copyright 2004-2016 Richmanclub Studios Pte Ltd All Rights Reserved