http://www.hockley.co.uk/about-hockley/website-terms/
Hockley International
Website Terms
Terms of Website Use
These terms of use relate to this website; [www.hockley.co.uk] served by Hockley International Limited, Hockley House 3 Longstone Road, Ashbrook Office Park, Manchester M22 5LB and govern the use of the website by anyone who chooses to use it.
The information contained in this website is for general information purposes only. The information is provided by Hockley International Ltd and whilst we endeavour to keep the information up-to-date and correct, we make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability or availability with respect to the website or the information, products, services, or related graphics contained on the website for any purpose. Any reliance you place on such information is therefore strictly at your own risk and content may be subject to change without notice.
In no event will we be liable for any loss or damage including without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any loss or damage whatsoever arising from loss of data or profits arising out of, or in connection with, the use of this website.
Use of Cookies
This website uses cookies to better the user’s experience while visiting the website. As required by legislation, where applicable this website uses a cookie control system, allowing the user to give explicit permission or to deny the use of/saving of cookies on their computer/device.
What are cookies? Cookies are small files saved to the user's computer hard drive that track, save and store information about the user's interactions and usage of the website. This allows the website, through its server to provide the users with a tailored experience within this website.Users are advised that if they wish to deny the use and saving of cookies from this website on to their computers hard drive they should take necessary steps within their web browsers security settings to block all cookies from this website and its external serving vendors or use the cookie control system if available upon their first visit.
Website Visitor Tracking
This website uses tracking software to monitor its visitors to better understand how they use it. The software will save a cookie to your computer’s hard drive in order to track and monitor your engagement and usage of the website, but will not store, save or collect personal information.
Downloads & Media Files
Any downloadable documents, files or media made available on this website are provided to users at their own risk. While all precautions have been undertaken to ensure only genuine downloads are available users are advised to verify their authenticity using third party anti-virus software or similar applications.We accept no responsibility for third party downloads and downloads provided by external third-party websites and advise users to verify their authenticity using third party anti-virus software or similar applications.
Contact & Communication With us
Users contacting us through this website do so at their own discretion and provide any such personal details requested at their own risk. Your personal information is kept private and stored securely until a time it is no longer required or has no use.
Where we have clearly stated and made you aware of the fact, and where you have given your express permission, we may use your details to send you products/services information through a mailing list system.
External Website Links & Third Parties
Although we only look to include quality, safe and relevant external links, users are advised to adopt a policy of caution before clicking on any external web links mentioned throughout this website. (External links are clickable text/banner/image links to other websites).
We cannot guarantee or verify the contents of any externally linked website despite our best efforts. Users should therefore note that they click on external links at their own risk and we cannot be held liable for any damages or implications caused by visiting any external links mentioned.
Social Media Policy & Usage
We adopt a Social Media Policy to ensure our business and our staff conduct themselves accordingly online. While we may have official profiles on social media platforms, users are advised to verify authenticity of such profiles before engaging with or sharing information with such profiles. We will never ask for user passwords or personal details on social media platforms. Users are advised to conduct themselves appropriately when engaging with us on social media.
There may be instances where our website features social sharing buttons, which help share web content directly from web pages to the respective social media platforms. You use social sharing buttons at your own discretion and accept that doing so may publish content to your social media profile feed or page. You can find further information about some social media privacy and usage policies in the resources section below.
Resources & Further Information
Overview of the GDPR - General Data Protection Regulation
Data Protection Act 1998
Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations 2003
v.2.01 May 2018 Edited & customised by: Hockley International Ltd.
Home
Financial
Hockley Profile
Sales Terms
Purchase Terms
Anti-Corruption and Bribery Policy Statement
Image Credits
Privacy Policy
Website Terms