http://www.hiredgums.com/terms-and-privacy-statement
HomeVoicesProductsBook a JobServicesOur ProcessAbout UsContact
Privacy Statement
Website Terms and Conditions of Use
Please Note: Hired Gums is the vocal arm of Video Arts, Inc. a full service audio, video, and film production facility.
1. Terms
By accessing this website, you are agreeing to be bound by these website Terms and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this website. The materials contained in this website are protected by applicable copyright and trade mark law.
2. Use License
Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials (information or software) on Hired Gums’ website for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:
modify or copy the materials;
use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);
attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on Hired Gums’ website;
remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or
transfer the materials to another person or “mirror” the materials on any other server.
This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by Video Arts, Inc. at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.
3. Disclaimer
The materials on Hired Gums’ website are provided “as is”. Video Arts, Inc. makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, Video Arts, Inc. does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its website or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this website.
4. Limitations
In no event shall Video Arts, Inc. or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on Hired Gums’ website, even if Video Arts, Inc. or a Video Arts, Inc. authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
5. Revisions and Errata
The materials appearing on Hired Gums’ website could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. Video Arts, Inc. does not warrant that any of the materials on its website are accurate, complete, or current. Video Arts, Inc. may make changes to the materials contained on its website at any time without notice. Video Arts, Inc. does not, however, make any commitment to update the materials.
6. Links
Video Arts, Inc. has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its Internet website and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked website. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Video Arts, Inc. of the website. Use of any such linked web site is at the user’s own risk.
7. Site Terms of Use Modifications
Video Arts, Inc. may revise these terms of use for its website at any time without notice. By using this website you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.
8. Governing Law
Any claim relating to Hired Gums’ website shall be governed by the laws of the State of ND without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy.
Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
We will collect and use personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.
We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.
Licensed under the Creative Commons “Attribution-ShareAlike” license.Page last revised: 8/3/2016
At Hired Gums, we'll give you a precise estimate for your voiceover - no questions, no obligations, no renewals or royalties, and no hidden fees.
Our Most Wanted
When life throws you a curve, lean into it. Our experienced, professional voice actors have what it takes to bring your project to the next level. Remember, it's not just the pipes, but the performance that counts.