https://www.wharton.co.uk/privacy-cookies.htm
|
GDPR Compliance, privacy & cookies
Wharton Electronics Privacy Policy
GDPR Compliance Statement
Jo Wharton is responsible for managing and protecting our data procedures and processes.
All of our staff are familiar with GDPR and their responsibilities. Our policy is detailed below.
We train our staff on induction and our staff handbook details our privacy policy.
You have a right to erasure process. If you wish your data erased, please contact our data administrator, Jenny McDaid.
Our Privacy Policy tells people what we do with their data.
No personal data is transferred outside of the EU except where suppliers are engaged to help deliver a service, or to our marketing partner in a specific market.
When processing data, we undertake the following:
That the processing is lawful, fair and transparent.
To be transparent about what use we make of your data.
That we collect data for a specific purpose of legitimate interest.
The data is necessary for the purpose.
The data must be accurate and kept up to date.
We do not keep data for longer than necessary.
The data is kept safe and secure.
All of our data storage is secure and our suppliers, partners and data processors have applicable GDPR procedures in place.
We have a notification process in place for any breach.
Data Breach Policy
In the event of any data breach, Wharton Electronics will follow a policy procedure as set out in the company handbook. Any serious data breach will be reported to ICO within 72 hours of the discovery of the incident as required by GDPR.
Privacy Policy
This privacy statement is to inform you of the processing of personal data via www.wharton.co.uk (Our website) and the handling of this data by Wharton Electronics Ltd.
Wharton Electronics Ltd respects the privacy of visitors to this website. Personal data is only collected where necessary to service your requests.
This website contains a contact form to enable you to contact us for more information. We collect the contact information you provide to us through this option to service your request(s).
The collection and processing of personal data through this website is carried out y following the EU General Data Protection Regulation.
Wharton Electronics Ltd does not collect personal data through this website unless provided by you through our contact form.
What type of data is collected?
In these cases, Wharton Electronics Ltd collects the following data:
Your first name
Your surname
Your email address
Additionally, if you chose to provide this data along with your request, Wharton Electronics Ltd can collect the following data:
The name and location of your organisation or company
Your phone number
What are the purposes of collecting my data?
We will only use personal data collected through this website for the purposes intended. If you make use of our contact form, we will use the data you provided to stay in touch with you and service your request.
Will any of my data be given to third parties?
Wharton Electronics Ltd does not sell your data to third parties, nor will Wharton Electronics Ltd provide your personal data to third parties, unless obligated by law, for instance in case of a lawful request by law enforcement authorities.
The only time we may pass your data on to a third party is when they are engaged to assist in the delivery of a specialised service, or they are our marketing partner for a specific market. In each case, the third party will have been vetted to ensure they are GDPR compliant.
For how long will my data be kept?
Wharton Electronics Ltd will store your data for as long as is necessary for the purpose for which it was provided. For information provided via our contact form or by other direct means, after we have serviced your request, your data will be kept for a maximum of two years for analytic purposes unless required by law. We will delete Client personal information two years after the contract has ended.
Will my personal data be secure?
We value your privacy. Wharton Electronics Ltd have therefore taken organisational and technical measures to protect your data from theft, loss or any use that is not compliant with the intended purpose. We work with secured networks and, if necessary, with encryption.
Where can I file a request to access, rectify or remove my data?
If you wish to access your data after process through this website, you can send a request by email to support@wharton.uk.
To ensure that you are who you say you are and to comply with GDPR, we ask you to attach a photocopy of your ID to your request. Please make sure that you blacken out your photograph and social security number.
Following your request for access, you can request rectification or removal of your data.
Cookies Policy
To make this web site work properly, we sometimes place small data files called cookies on
your computer or mobile phone or other devices. Almost all websites do this.
Our Cookies help us to:
Make our website work as you'd expect.
Continuously improve our website for you.
To see how potential customers navigate our website.
We do not use Cookies to:
Collect any personally identifiable information (without your express permission).
Collect any sensitive information (without your express permission).
Pass data to advertising networks.
Pass personally identifiable data to third parties.
Our Anonymous Visitor Statistics Cookies
We use cookies to compile visitor statistics such as website traffic, pages viewed, for how long, visitor's technology and similar analysis.
These statistics help us to improve our website. These statistics also tell us, on an anonymous basis, how people reached this site, whether from a search engine or
direct url input and whether they have been here before.
Permitting us to use cookies
If the settings on the browser that you are using to view this website are adjusted to accept cookies we take this, together with your continued use of our website, as permission to continue their use.
Turning Cookies Off
You can disable the acceptance of cookies in all modern browsers (learn how here). You can also delete the cookies that are already on your computer. However, if you do this, you may have manually to adjust some preferences every time you visit a site. Additionally, some website services and functionalities may not be accessible.
Wharton Electronics Limited
Unit 15
Thame Park Business Centre
Wenman Road
Thame
Oxfordshire
OX9 3XA
Tel: +44 (0) 1844 260567
email: support@wharton.uk
What other people say:
Wharton Time Zone Clocks have become the standardized product of choice for the US Military, Police and Emergency Services Control Centers
Julie Walder | DMJ Technologies LLC
Their flexibility, capabilities, integrity, eagerness to ensure success and above all their people are incomparable
Carlos Brooking | TIMEDULUM SL
Close
Home
Sales
About Us
Contact
Products
Digital Clocks
Weatherproof Digital Clocks
Multi-language Calendar Clocks
Countdown Clocks
Time Zone Clocks
Analogue Clocks
Indoor and Outdoor
Network Time Servers
Time & Frequency Monitoring & Control
GPS & GLONASS Time Code Receivers
Stopwatch & countdown timer operation
Close
Wharton Product Range
Digital Clocks
- Indoor
Digital Clocks
- Outdoor
Calendar Clocks
World Time Zone Clocks
Analogue Clocks
- Indoor
Analogue Clocks
- Outdoor
Time Servers
& Master Clocks
GPS & GLONASS
Time Signal Receivers
Time & Frequency Monitoring & Control
Countdown Clocks
Special Multi-line
Stopwatch Units
Standard Product
Stopwatch Functions