http://www.creditunion.ie/privacy-notice
Empty Link
Skip to Content
Home
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice of the Irish League of Credit Unions (ILCU)
For 'the ILCU website'(s) creditunion.ie / creditunion.co.uk / ilcu.ie
Background
The ILCU is a trade and representative body for credit unions in Ireland and Northern Ireland. We provide professional and business support services such as marketing and public affairs representation, monitoring, financial, compliance, risk, learning and development and insurance services to affiliated credit unions.
This website privacy notice is to inform you of what personal data of yours we process when you access the ILCU website. When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalised web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. A description of each category is given below. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
If you are redirected away from this website to another website then you should read the Privacy Notice displayed that website. There are two instances when we might process your personal data as a result of your use of the ILCU website:
Loan enquiry tool
Cookies
Loan Enquiry Tool
What personal data is processed and why?
The loan enquiry tool is used for you to make an enquiry of your local credit union regarding the possibility of them providing a loan to you. The enquiry is sent to the credit union selected by you and they will then respond to you about your enquiry. Your location is requested in order that suitable credit unions may be suggested (i.e. those which you might already be a member of given your location/place of work or those which you might be eligible to join), your name and contact details are requested in order that the selected credit union makes contact with you to discuss eligibility for the loan. Loan amount and type are asked in order that the credit union receiving the request can prepare information for you. You are asked whether you are a member to streamline the process as information on joining will then not be required to be given. The above personal data is sent directly to the credit union automatically by email. The ILCU does not keep any of this data and cannot access it.
Cookies
What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files that are sent to and stored on your computer, smartphone, tablet or other device for accessing the Internet, whenever you visit a website or use on-line apps. The lifespan of some cookies varies in that some just last for the time that you spend website (sessional cookies) and some persist on your device for longer pre-set periods of time (persistent cookies). Cookies are also set on this website by third parties. Not all cookies collect personal information about you, and your personal data will be anonymized where at all possible. For example, your IP Address will be anonymized before being accessed by Google Analytics.
See our Cookie Policy for a full list of cookies employed, what their purpose is and how long they persist.
What types of cookies do we use on the ILCU website and why
The ILCU website employs the following categories of cookies.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly necessary cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around the website and use its features and/or services and allow us to track our critical web business indicators. Any cookies used in this way are first party only in nature and are fully aggregated and anonymous. Without these absolutely necessary cookies, the website will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like it to and we may not be able to provide the website or certain services or features.
Performance Cookies
Performance cookies collect information about how visitors use a website, for instance which pages visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages. These cookies don’t collect information that identifies a visitor. Google Analytics is being used in first party mode and does not capture IP addresses or similar personal data. Performance Cookies are only used to improve how a website works.
Functional Cookies
Functional cookies allow this website to remember choices you make and any customizations you make to website pages during your visit and provide enhanced, more personal features. For instance, these cookies can be used to remember changes you have made to text size, fonts and other parts of web pages that you can customize. They may also be used to provide services you have asked for such as watching a video. The information these cookies collect cannot track your browsing activity on other websites. More information about such cookies can be found in the relevant third party website.
Advertising & Marketing Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Some of these cookies are also set by a range of social media services that we have added to the website for example to enable you view video content from YouTube. They are capable of tracking your browser across other websites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see our video content.
Lawful Basis allowing us to employ these cookies
In the case of certain cookies we are legally obliged to obtain your consent prior to setting these cookies. However not all cookies require consent to be provided before being set. Cookies which don't require consent are those which are essential to delivering the service requested by the user of our website for example session cookies, authentication cookies (for the duration of the session,) and user security cookies. We are also required to give you certain information, as is described in this notice. Where consent is not required it is in our legitimate interest to place cookies in order that the site can function for security purposes.
For information on our cookie type, category, purpose and if not sessional how long they persist cookie retention periods for each cookie, please see our Cookie Policy.
How to Control, Disable and Delete Cookies
Managing Your Cookie Settings
You can manage your cookie preferences at any time by clicking Cookie Settings. The tool will record when you have consented to our cookie policy and will ask for consent again every six months to ensure users stay up-to-date with changes to our cookie and privacy policies. This tool specifically controls the marketing cookies and analytical cookies set by using our website. Essential cookies cannot be disabled, nor can the tool be used to block cookies on third-party websites linked from our website.
Using Your Browser
Many of the cookies used on our website and through emails can be enabled or disabled through our consent tool or by disabling the cookies through your browser. To disable cookies through your browser, follow the instructions usually located within the “Help,” “Tools” or “Edit” menus in your browser. Please note that disabling a cookie or category of cookies does not delete the cookie from your browser unless manually completed through your browser function.
Cookies that Have Been Set in the Past
Collection of your data from our analytics cookies can be deleted. If cookies are deleted, the information collected prior to the preference change may still be used, however, we will stop using the disabled cookie to collect any further information from your user experience. For our marketing cookie, when a user opts out of tracking, a new cookie is placed to prevent users from being tracked.
For more general information on cookies, visit:
http://ec.europa.eu/ipg/basics/legal/cookies/index_en.htm.
Social Media Channels
Some of the pages on this website contain hypertext links to websites not maintained by the ILCU. You are reminded that different terms and conditions of use will apply to you as a user of such websites. In addition you should read the Privacy Notice displayed on those websites. Similarly, you should familiarise yourself with the privacy polices of social networks linked to this website. The privacy policies, statements and guidance published by Social Media Networks apply to your use of ILCU Social Media Channels and we encourage you to read the privacy policies and guidance published on each Social Media Network that you use, as these make important disclosures about how the Social Media Networks separately collect, hold and may use your content and information.
Under no circumstances should you provide any credit union account details or other sensitive personal or financial information when using ILCU Social Media Channels. You may however choose to provide us with non-sensitive personal information, such as your name and contact details, if you contact us via direct message. If you do, we will use your personal information solely to respond to and deal with your comments or queries or for such other purpose for which it is provided. Your information will not be used for any other purpose.
If you use ILCU Social Media Channels, enter draws or competitions, or post comments, photographs or other content we may ask for your consent to use your personal data for all or any of the following purposes:-
To publish content you post to ILCU Social Media Channels together with the identifying information you provide in connection with the content.
To use content you post to participate in draw or competitions as appropriate to the conduct of such promotions. We may request that promotion winners take part in promotional activity and we may ask to use their information, including their names and the contents of their submissions, in any publicity both online and in any other media.
We may use any ideas or suggestions submitted to us through our social media channels without any further permission from you or compensation to you and you hereby agree to allow any such material to be re-used or quoted by us without further notification to you.
You hereby grant us a perpetual, royalty free, irrevocable licence to use, modify, reproduce, translate, publish, adapt, display and distribute in any format material and content posted by you through our social media channels.
Use of ILCU Social Channels – Terms of Use
You access ILCU social media channels at your own risk and the ILCU is not liable or responsible for any loss, or damage howsoever arising as a result of your use of our social media channels.
While the ILCU has official profiles on social media sites, we do not endorse any social media site. In addition and without limitation, the ILCU does not endorse or approve either expressly or by implication any third parties or their advice, opinions, information content, product or services which may appear on our social media profiles including any advertisements and or link to third party sites.
If you are unable to access the social media site, it is the responsibility of the social media site to resolve the matter. ILCU is not liable or responsible for any loss or damage that you may incur arising from the unavailability of the social media site.
You may not use our social media channels for any illegal or improper purpose.
We reserve the right and have absolute discretion to screen, review, edit and monitor any content or material posted through our social media channels. We may, at our discretion, refrain from publishing material posted by you. In addition we may at our sole discretion at any time and without any notice or liability to you remove any material or content posted by you.
You are fully responsible and liable for any material you post through our social media channels and ILCU is not liable or responsible for any content posted through our social media channels by any third parties.
When posting on our social media profiles, you must be respectful, considerate, polite, honest, accurate and relevant.
You may not post any material which is confidential, breaches contractual obligations or the rights of any third party.
You agree not to post any material which:
is threatening, defamatory, obscene, indecent, offensive, pornographic, abusive, discriminatory, menacing, scandalous, inflammatory, blasphemous or liable to incite racial hatred, encourages, promotes or constitutes conduct that is a criminal offence;
may be technically damaging to our social media channels.
We reserve the right and have absolute discretion to screen, review, edit and monitor any content or material posted through our social media channels. We may, at our discretion, refrain from publishing material posted by you. In addition we may at our sole discretion at any time and without any notice or liability to you remove any material or content posted by you.You access ILCU social media channels at your own risk and the ILCU is not liable or responsible for any loss, or damage howsoever arising as a result of your use of our social media channels..
Savings Protection Scheme (SPS) – Privacy Notice
The ILCU operates a Savings Protection Scheme (SPS) which provides support, financial or otherwise to assist affiliated credit unions under the administration of a sub-committee of the League board. This support can include assistance to credit unions undertaking a transfer of engagements or on a standalone basis to help credit unions trade out of difficulty. In providing SPS support, the ILCU enters into certain funding agreements with the credit union. As part of the operation of the SPS, the ILCU has a monitoring function, whereby representatives of the ILCU will engage with our member credit unions to help ensure the safety and soundness of the credit union. The ILCU is committed to respecting the rights of those people whose data we process and this notice is provide transparency and information about the processing of personal data necessary for the operation of the SPS scheme.
Please click here to view our SPS Privacy notice.
What Are Your Rights
You have the right to:
Ask us to change information you think is wrong.
Ask us to remove information when it’s not needed anymore.
Object to processing of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground.
Tell us you don’t want your information to be processed.
Where we are processing your data based solely on your consent you have a right to withdraw that consent at any time and free of charge.
Request that we:
provide you with a copy of any relevant personal data in a reusable format; or
request that we transfer your relevant personal data to another controller where it’s technically feasible to do so.
Getting in touch
The ILCU has appointed a Data Protection Officer who can answer your queries and respond to your requests in respect of any of your rights. Please contact in writing Data Protection Officer, ILCU, 33-41 Lower Mount Street, Dublin 2 or email dpo@creditunion.ie marked for the attention of the DPO.
If you want to speak to somebody else, you can call the people who make sure that organisations like us are looking after your information correctly. Their contact details are set out below.
IF YOU ARE BASED IN REPUBLIC OF IRELAND, PLEASE CONTACT THE DATA PROTECTION COMMISSIONER (DPC)
Telephone +353 57 8684800 +353 (0)761 104 800
Lo Call Number 1890 252 231
E-mail: info@dataprotection.ie
Postal Address: Data Protection Commissioner, Canal House Station Road, Portarlington R32 AP23 Co Laois.
IF YOU ARE BASED IN NORTHERN IRELAND PLEASE CONTACT THE INFORMATION COMMISSIONER’S OFFICE (ICO):
Telephone: 028 9027 8757 or 0303 123 1114
Email: ni@ico.org.uk
Postal Address: ICO, 3rd Floor, 14 Cromac Place, Belfast, BT7 2JB