https://www.teammcc.com/pages/index/termsofservice
630-782-2010
443 E. Saint Charles Rd.
Villa Park, IL 60181
Login
|
Create Account
showroom
Factory Showroom
New Inventory
Pre-Owned Inventory
Services
FINANCING
SHOP ONLINE
Shop Street Parts & Accessories
Shop VTwin Parts & Accessories
Shop Dirt Parts & Accessories
Shop ATV Parts & Accessories
Shop UTV Parts & Accessories
Shop by Brand
DEALER INFO
About Us
Race Team
Virtual Tour
Track Day
CUSTOMER CORNER
News Article
Events
Links
Photos
Videos
Go!
0
630-782-2010
443 E. Saint Charles Rd.
Villa Park, IL 60181
Menu
Factory Showroom
New Units
Pre Owned Units
Services
Financing
Customer Corner
Events calendar
Links
Photos
Dealer Info
About us
Staff
Employee of the month
Employment
Shop Online
Shop Street Parts & Accessories
Shop VTwin Parts & Accessories
Shop Dirt Parts & Accessories
Shop ATV Parts & Accessories
Shop UTV Parts & Accessories
Shop Parts by Brand
Wish list
Account
Call
Cart
MAP & HOURS
Login | create account
Go!
×
Get Out-The-Door Price
Looking for Your Next Adventure?
Message Received - Thank You
Complete the form
Tell us which model you're interested in
Receive your out-the-door price
Fill out the form below to get yourfree out-the-door price!
First Name:
*
Last Name:
*
Phone:
*
Email:
*
We respect your privacy and won't share your information with any other company. Terms and conditions apply.
Terms and Condtions
INTRODUCTION
This site is provided solely for the purpose of providing information about us.
ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE
Except as otherwise set forth herein or agreed to between you and us, these terms and conditions (“Terms and Conditions”) govern your use of the website, (the “Site”) and any products purchased from us using the Site (the “Products”). By accessing and using the Site, you acknowledge that you have read and unconditionally agree to follow and be bound by these Terms and Conditions. If you do not agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions, then you are requested to immediately exit the Site.
REVISIONS TO TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Please refer to these Terms and Conditions regularly. We reserve the right, at any time, to modify, amend, alter or update these Terms and Conditions without prior notice by updating this posting. Your continued use of the Site following posting of changes to these Terms and Conditions signifies that you agree to be bound by such modifications, amendments, alterations or updates.
USE OF SITE
This Site is intended for use by individuals 13 years of age or older. The Site is not for users under the age of 13. Users under the age of 13 must have the assistance and permission of a parent or guardian to use the Site.
All materials on the Site, including, without limitation, information, data, specifications, descriptions, images, graphics, trademarks, text, links, illustrations, designs, icons, photographs, HTML code, and written and other materials (collectively the “Content”) included on the Site are the property of us, its affiliates or content providers of us, and are protected by copyright and trademark law. The Content is intended solely for your own personal, non-commercial use. You may download or copy the Content for your personal use only so long as you keep intact all copyright and proprietary notices. No right, title, or interest in the Content, downloaded materials, or software is transferred to you as a result of any downloading or copying of the Content. You may not reproduce, publish, transmit, distribute, display, modify, create derivative works from, sell or participate in any sale of or exploit in any way, in whole or in part, any of the Content without the prior written consent of us. It is strictly prohibited to modify, transmit, distribute, reuse, reverse engineer, repost, “frame,” or use the Content without written permission from an authorized representative.
We claim no proprietary rights to, or affiliation with, any third party trademarks or logo references appearing on the Site. You should not infer any affiliation, sponsorship, or endorsement from the use of third party marks on the Site, as such marks are used solely to designate certain products or services as belonging to their respective owners.
Images of people or places displayed on the Site are either the property of, or used with permission by, Us. The use of these images by you, or anyone else authorized by you, is prohibited unless specifically permitted by these Terms and Conditions or specific permission provided elsewhere on the Site. Any unauthorized use of the images may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes.
We may, from time to time, provide links to other outside websites not associated with Us. We have not reviewed and is not responsible for such linked websites or the content of any of the linked websites. We provide these links as an additional resource for its Site users and makes no representations regarding the content of any linked website or any companies that own, control, or manage the linked websites. Consequently, We cannot be held responsible for the accuracy, relevancy, copyright compliance, legality, or decency of material contained in, programs used by, or services or products offered by, websites linked to from the Site.
THE SITE INCLUDES CONTENT AND INFORMATION THAT IS SUBJECT TO CHANGE WITHOUT NOTICE. WHILE MOTOMONSTER.COM DESIRES THAT THE CONTENT AND INFORMATION ON THE SITE BE UP-TO-DATE AND ACCURATE, IT IS YOUR SOLE RESPONSIBILITY TO CONFIRM THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, OR RELIABILITY OF SUCH CONTENT AND INFORMATION. WE DO NOT WARRANT OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATION REGARDING THE USE OF THE CONTENT OR INFORMATION ON THE SITE OR THE ACCURACY OR RELIABILITY OF SUCH CONTENT OR INFORMATION.
SITE SECURITY
You are prohibited from violating or attempting to violate the security of the Site, including, without limitation, (a) accessing data not intended for you or logging onto a server or an account which you are not authorized to access; (b) attempting to probe, scan or test the vulnerability of a system or network or to breach security or authentication measures without proper authorization; (c) attempting to interfere with service to any user, host or network, including, without limitation, via means of submitting a virus to the Site, overloading, “flooding,” “spamming,” “mailbombing,” or “crashing;” (d) sending unsolicited email, including promotions and/or advertising of products or services; or (e) forging any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header information in any email or newsgroup posting. Violations of system or network security will result in the user being denied access to the Site and may result in civil or criminal liability. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to investigate occurrences that may involve such violations and will cooperate with law enforcement authorities in prosecuting Site users who are involved in such violations. You agree not to use any device, software, or routine to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Site or any activity being conducted on the Site. You agree not to use or attempt to use any engine, software, tool, agent, or other device or mechanism (including without limitation browsers, spiders, robots, avatars, intelligent agents, or similar devices) to search or navigate the Site other than the search engine and search agents available from us on the Site and other than generally available third party web browsers (e.g., Microsoft Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox).
Any passwords used for this site are only intended for individual use. You are prohibited from sharing or otherwise providing the right to use your password with any other person. You will be responsible for the security of any password. We may, in its sole discretion, monitor the use of any password and may require you to change your password at any time.
USER SUBMITTED CONTENT
Except as otherwise provided elsewhere in these Term and Conditions or on the Site, anything that you submit or post to the Site and/or provide us, including without limitation, ideas, know-how, techniques, questions, answers, reviews, comments, and suggestions (collectively, “Submissions”) is and will be treated as non-confidential and nonproprietary, and we and our affiliates shall have the royalty-free, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, and transferable right to use, copy, distribute, display, publish, perform, sell, lease, transmit, adapt, and create derivative works from such Submissions by any means and in any form for any purpose including without limitation, developing, manufacturing, distributing and marketing products using such information, and to translate, modify, reverse-engineer, disassemble, or decompile such Submissions. All Submissions shall automatically become the sole and exclusive property of us and shall not be returned to you.
In addition to the rights applicable to any Submissions, when you post communications, comments, or reviews to the Site, you also grant us and our affiliates the right to use the name that you submit with any communication, review, question, answer, or other content, if any, in connection with such review, question, answer, or other content, for any purpose, including without limitation, reproduction, transmission, publication, broadcast, and posting. You represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to the Submissions that you post on the Site and that use of your Submissions by us will not infringe upon or violate the rights, including intellectual property rights, of any third party.
You shall not use a false e-mail address or the email address of any other person or entity, pretend to be someone other than yourself, or otherwise mislead us or third parties as to the origin of any Submissions. You agree to post content that is not illegal, obscene, threatening, defamatory, invasive of privacy, otherwise injurious to third parties or objectionable and political campaigning, commercial solicitation, chain letters, mass mailings, or any form of “spam.” We may, in its sole discretion, but shall not be obligated to, remove or edit any Submissions (including reviews, questions, or answers).
Although we may from time to time monitor or review discussions, chats, postings, transmissions, bulletin boards, and the like on the Site, We are under no obligation to do so and assumes no responsibility or liability arising from the content of any such locations, nor for any error, defamation, libel, slander, omission, falsehood, obscenity, pornography, profanity, danger, or inaccuracy contained in any information within such locations on the Site. You are prohibited from posting or transmitting any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, scandalous, inflammatory, pornographic, or profane material or any material that could constitute or encourage conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any law. We will fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing us to disclose the identity of anyone posting any such information or materials.
COLORS
We do not warrant or represent that the colors of products displayed on your monitor are an accurate representation of the color of the product.
PAYMENT AND ORDER ACCEPTANCE
Prices for all Products are in United States dollars and exclude any and all applicable taxes and shipping and handling charges, unless expressly stated otherwise. To the extent permissible under law, you are responsible for any applicable taxes, whether or not they are listed on your receipt or statement. If you purchase Products, you agree to pay, using a valid credit card (or other form of payment that we may accept from time to time), the applicable fees and taxes (if any) set forth in the offer that you accepted. We reserve the right, upon prior notice to you, to change the amount of any fees and to institute new fees. We reserve the right, in its sole discretion, to refuse or cancel any order for any reason. For your convenience, you will not be charged until your payment method is authorized, the order information is verified for accuracy, and your order is shipped or picked up in store. We may also require additional verifications or information before accepting any order. All authorized charges will be billed to your designated credit card account (or other payment method), on the terms described in the specific offer. If payment cannot be charged to your credit card or your payment is returned to us for any reason, We reserve the right to either suspend or terminate your access to the Site and/or the unpaid-for Products. It is your responsibility to ensure that sufficient funds are available to cover the charges for the Products, and we have no liability for any overdraft or other fees that you may incur as a result of us processing your payment. We will contact you if all or any portion of your order is canceled or if additional information is required to accept your order. If your order is canceled after your credit card has been charged, We will issue a credit to your credit card in the amount of the charge.
PRODUCT AND SITE CONTENT DISCLAIMER
Proper service and repair procedures are vital to the safe, reliable operation of all motor vehicles as well as the personal safety of those performing the repairs and are not our responsibility. Standard safety procedures and precautions (including the use of safety goggles and proper tools and equipment and exact compliance with the instructions included with products) are strongly recommended at all times to limit the possibility of personal injury or death or improper service which could damage the vehicle or compromise its safety.
THE SITE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ALL PRODUCTS, INFORMATION, CONTENT, AND SERVICES MADE AVAILABLE ON OR THROUGH THE SITE, IS PROVIDED “AS IS.” OUR SITE AND ITS AFFILIATES AND THEIR EMPLOYEES AND AGENTS MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND OR NATURE WHATSOEVER REGARDING THE CONTENT OR SERVICES OF THE SITE, ANY PRODUCTS, OR HYERTEXT LINKS TO OTHER OUTSIDE WEBSITES. OUR SITE AND ITS AFFILIATES AND THEIR EMPLOYEES AND AGENTS DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED CONDITIONS, REPRESENTATIONS, AND WARRANTIES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES RELATED TO ANY COURSE OF DEALING, USAGE, OR TRADE PRACTICE AND ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. MOREOVER, WE DO NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT YOUR ACCESS TO THE SITE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT THE SITE AND MATERIAL ACCESSIBLE TO YOU ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.
TERMS AND CONDITIONS DISCLAIMER
Although these Terms and Conditions have been prepared with the intent to provide reliable information, no warranty (express or implied) is made as to their accuracy or completeness and no liability is assumed by Us for loss or damage resulting from reliance on these Terms and Conditions. We reserve the right to change these Terms and Conditions at any time without notice.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
OUE SITE AND ITS AFFILIATES WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR ANY OTHER DAMAGES WHATSOEVER THAT RESULT FROM THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF, OR THE INABILITY TO USE, THE SITE, THE PRODUCTS, OR INFORMATION, OR FUNCTIONS ON SUCH SITE, EVEN IF WE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. IN NO EVENT WILL WE AND OUR AFFILIATES’ TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ALL DAMAGES, LOSSES, AND CAUSES OF ACTION, WHETHER ARISING OUT OF CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE, EXCEED THE AMOUNT PAID BY YOU, IF ANY, FOR ACCESSING THE SITE OR PURCHASING THE PRODUCTS.
RETURNS, REFUNDS, EXCHANGES, AND WARRANTIES
Please visit our Shipping Questions, Return Policy, or Contact Us pages to view our return, refund, exchange, and warranty policies.
NOTIFICATION OF COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT
We respect the intellectual property of others. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please notify the Copyright Administrator in our contact us forum with the following written information:
• A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
• Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site.
• Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material.
• Information reasonably sufficient to permit us to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number, and if available, an e-mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted.
• A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
• A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
EXTERNAL SITES
This site may contain links to other sites that are owned and operated by third party vendors and others. You acknowledge that we are not responsible for the availability, content, text, graphics, information, or any actions or damages from any external site. You must contact the site administrator for those sites if you have any concerns regarding those links.
TERMINATION OF ACCESS
In addition to any other legal or equitable remedies for misuse, We may, without prior notice to you, immediately terminate the Agreement or revoke any or all of your rights granted under this Agreement. Upon any termination of this Agreement, you shall immediately cease all access to and use of the Site and we shall, in addition to any other legal or equitable remedies, immediately revoke all password(s) and account identification issued to you and deny your access to and use of this Site in whole or in part. Any termination of this Agreement shall not affect the respective rights and obligations (including without limitation, payment obligations) of the parties arising before the date of termination.
ENTIRE AGREEMENT
These Terms and Conditions embody the entire agreement and understanding between the parties and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings relating to the subject matter hereof.
SEVERABILITY
If any these provisions shall be deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that condition shall be deemed several and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provision.
SURVIVAL
Any provision of these Terms and Conditions that, by its nature, is applicable to circumstances arising after the termination of these Terms and Conditions will survive such termination and remain in full force and effect, and no termination of these Terms and Conditions will relieve either party from any liability arising out of any breach of these Terms and Conditions occurring prior to said termination.
INDEMNIFICATION
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold our site harmless and its affiliates from and against any and all claims, damages, costs, and expenses, including without limitation, attorneys’ fees, arising from or related to your use of the Site or the Products.
REMEDIES
The remedy of our site at law for any actual or threatened breach of these Terms and Conditions would be inadequate and we will be entitled to specific performance or injunctive relief, or both, in addition to any damages that we are legally entitled to recover, together with reasonable expenses of any form of dispute resolution, including, without limitation, attorneys’ fees. No right or remedy of our site shall be exclusive of any other, whether at law or in equity, including without limitation, damages, injunctive relief, attorneys’ fees, and expenses. No waiver by our site its rights or remedies under these Terms and Conditions shall imply any obligation to grant any similar, future, or other waiver.
PRIVACY
Please review the Privacy Policy Page for information on the privacy practices of the Site.
OWNER AND OPERATOR OF SITE
We are the owner and operator of the Site.
CONTACT US
For further information or to contact us with questions, concerns, or comments, you may email us at the email in the footer of our website or visit our Contact Us page. Although we will, in most circumstances, be able to receive your email or other information provided through the Site, We do not guarantee that it will receive all such email or other information timely and accurately. We shall not be legally obligated to read, act on, or respond to any such email or other information.
630-782-2010
443 E. Saint Charles Rd.,
Villa Park, IL 60181
HOURS:
Service Department: Open by Appointment Only
Sales & Parts Departments: Open per Stage 3 Rules
-Masks Required for entry
-No entry with symptoms
-Limited Occupancy Capacity
-Non-Family Groups limited to no more than two
Tuesday-Thursday: 10AM to 6PM
Friday: 10AM to 6PM
Saturday: 9AM to 4PM
Sunday & Monday: Closed
quick links:
Shipping Questions
Return Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Payment Options
Services
Site Map
Copyright 2019 Powersport Technologies
All Rights Reserved.