http://www.viscount.com.au/employment/occupational_health_and_safety_policy
Viscount Plastics, Materials Handling, Packaging, blow moulding, Australia
Occupational Health and Safety Policy
It is the policy of Viscount Plastics to continually work towards providing a work environment which is free of risk to the health and safety of all employees, contractors and visitors and to actively involve employees in the management of health and safety by providing consultative mechanisms to deal with the resolution of related concerns/issues.
All Viscount Plastics employees have a responsibility for maintaining a safe working environment by following policies, procedures and identify safety risks when they become evident and management will provide effective leadership and administration of the Occupational Health and Safety program, and through this program all employees are responsible to take all reasonable action to:
Identify and report all types of work activities that may produce personal injury or illness, property or environmental damage, fire or breach of security. This is done through our OH&S reporting system which will investigate the cause of incidents/accidents to capture cause and identify actions to prevent re-occurrence.
Identify, quantify and control to appropriate standards, chemical and physical agents in the workplace that are capable of causing injury or ill health.
Design plant and equipment, systems of work and work environment that considers the health and safety requirements of the user groups.
Provide information, instruction, training and supervision to increase personal understanding of workplace hazards including work practices and emergencies.
Involvement of individuals in occupational health and safety matters and consult with them on ways to recognise, evaluate and control workplace hazards.
Ensure that people comply with appropriate OH&S legislation, standards and codes of practice to protect everybody’s health and safety at work.
Set short and long-term goals in occupational health and safety management and regularly review performance against these goals.
Ensure that environmental concerns/issues are addressed and relevant legislation is complied with, through the implementation of procedures and systems of work in order to promote a healthy and safe environment for employees and the community.
Shane Moloughney
Managing Director
Site Map | Disclaimer | Privacy Policy | Copyright © Viscount Plastics Pty Ltd
Web design Australia by Wolters Kluwer