http://www.bodywise.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policybwwebdev2019-05-30T04:56:14+00:00
Privacy Policy
Body Wise International LLC. is committed to protecting your privacy. The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to inform you as to what information may be collected from you when you visit our website (“the Site”) or when you become a Consultant or customer, how such information will be used by Body Wise and/or other persons or entities with whom such information may be shared, your choices regarding the collection, use and distribution of such information, your ability to edit, update, correct or delete such information and the security procedures that we have implemented to protect your privacy.
Notice
Collection of InformationAt different occasions you may be asked for certain types of personally identifiable information (e.g., your first and last name, mailing address, city, state, postcode, telephone number, email address, credit card number). We hope you will provide us with this information. However, if you do not want to disclose your personally identifiable information to us, please do not submit it. This does mean that in some cases we will not be able to provide you the service you have requested. We may also collect non-personally identifiable information from you when you visit the Site (e.g., your IP address, browser type, domain name, etc.). This information is collected and analyzed in the aggregate in order to improve the function and content of the Site. Use of Information
We use the information that is collected about you for a variety of purposes. You will be informed about these purposes at the time of collection. In general, however, we foresee the following uses:
Website visitors Information about you may be used to add you to our e-mail subscription list, provide your name to Body Wise Consultants in connection with your expressed interest in our products or business opportunity, analyze trends and statistics, enhance the operation of the Site, serve content and advertisements and send informational and promotional materials about Body Wise and other companies.
Customers Information about customers will in addition be used to provide customer service, confirm and fulfill your orders, ship your orders, and administer payments and resolve possible problems and disputes with dispatchers and other service providers.
Consultants Information about Consultants will in addition be used to provide Customer services, calculate earnings and bonuses, provide training on new products and services, and ensure compliance with the Consultant agreement and the company’s rules and regulations.
Choice
We have existing business relationships and may develop other relationships in the future with business partners. In these instances, we may share or otherwise allow access to information that is collected about you that will enable our business partners to contact you regarding products and services that may be of interest. At the time we collect your information you will be given the choice to accept or refuse the disclosure of your information for such marketing purposes, and for marketing by Body Wise.
Onward Transfers
We may employ vendors to perform functions on our behalf. Examples of such functions may include fulfilling orders, delivering packages, e-mail administrative functions, processing credit card payments, and providing customer service. These vendors are under a contractual obligation to use confidential data received from Body Wise only for purposes that fall within the functions for which they were hired. We may disclose information that we collect about you when we have reason to believe that this is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against persons or entities who may be harming you, us or others. We may also disclose information when we believe the law requires it. Genalogy Reports, which contain information on Consultants in a Consultant’s downline, including, but not limited to, name, address, identification number, telephone number, email address, fax number, level or rank, volume and sales statistics, are provided to Consultants in the strictest confidence and for the sole purpose of supporting the Consultants to further develop their Body Wise business. (The downline organization consists of all Consultants that were personally sponsored by a particular Consultant, and in turn, all other persons sponsored by those Consultants.) Genalogy Reports, including all data contained therein, constitute confidential, proprietary trade secrets of Body Wise. Consultants may not collect, distribute or gather confidential information or personal or aggregate information about other Body Wise Consultants or their customers, except in connection with their downline and solely for the purpose of promoting their Body Wise business, and to manage, motivate and train their downline. You need to be aware that Consultants who receive the Genalogy Reports may be based in countries that do not offer the same or a similar level of privacy protection as is available in your own country. However, Body Wise will take reasonable measures to ensure that the information is kept in confidence.
Security
We take reasonable steps to ensure that the personal information we collect about you remains accurate, timely and secure. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure and while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee or warrant its complete security. We shall not be responsible for harm that you or any person may suffer as a result of a breach of confidentiality in respect to your use of the Site or any information you transmit to the Site.
Data Integrity
Personally identifiable information will be kept in active files or systems as long as needed to meet the purposes for which it was collected or as required to perform the contractual relationship with the Consultant and his/her up-line, and the commercial relationship with the customer. Body Wise will make reasonable efforts to ensure that the information is accurate and complete. ACCESS OR CORRECTIONS TO YOUR INFORMATION If you identify any inaccuracy in your personal information, or if you need to make a change or would like to verify such information, please contact us so that we may update your information in our records or you may go online to Body Wise’s web site and update your own information. Our contact information is set forth below. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to accommodate all such requests.
Complaints
Body Wise takes privacy concerns seriously. If you believe that Body Wise has not complied with this Privacy Policy, you may write to the address below or call us. Please describe in as much detail as possible the ways in which you believe that the Body Wise Policy has not been complied with. We will investigate your complaint promptly. If you do not receive acknowledgment of your complaint, or your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, you should contact the Office of the Director of Information Technology which will serve as a liaison with Body Wise to resolve your concerns. Contact details for the Office of the Director of Information Technology are: 17101 Armstrong Ave Suite 101 Irvine, CA 92614 or 714-505-6121.
Website Specific
Protection of Children The Site is a general audience web site that is not specifically designed or targeted at children. We do not knowingly collect, use or disseminate any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. If, however, we become aware that personally identifiable information regarding a child under the age of 13 has been collected at the Site, we will use such information for the sole purpose of contacting a parent or guardian of the child to obtain verifiable parental consent. If we cannot obtain consent after a reasonable period of time, or if when contacted a parent or guardian requests that we do not use or maintain such information, we will make reasonable efforts to delete it from our records. Upon request by a parent or guardian, Body Wise will provide a description of the specific types of personal information collected from a child who is under the age of 13. Cookies
Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored on computer hard drives. We may use cookies to recognize you when you return to the Site in order to provide you with a better user experience. Our cookies do not contain any personally identifying information, such as your name, or sensitive information, such as your credit card number. We may allow third parties to use cookies on the Site. We do not control the use or contents of third party cookies. Web browsers often allow you to erase existing cookies from your hard drive, block the use of cookies and/or be notified when cookies are encountered. If you elect to block cookies, please note that you may not be able to take full advantage of the features and functions of the Site Third-Party Links The Site may contain links to web sites operated and maintained by third parties over which we have absolutely no control. Any information you provide to third party web sites will be governed under the terms of each web sites’ privacy policy and we encourage you to investigate and ask questions before disclosing any information to the operators of third party web sites. We have no responsibility or liability whatsoever for the content, actions or policies of third party web sites. The inclusion of third party web sites on our Site in no way constitutes an endorsement of such web sites’ content, actions or policies.
Modifications to Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of January 1, 2008. Body Wise reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. Any changes to this Policy will be effective immediately upon notice, which may be provided to you via e-mail or by posting the latest version on our Site. Your subsequent use of the Site be deemed acceptance of such changes. Be sure to review this Privacy Policy periodically to ensure familiarity with its most current version. You can easily confirm whether any revisions have been posted since your last visit by checking the date on which the Policy was last revised, which is set forth at the bottom of this Policy. If you disagree with the changes in our policy, however, please do not use the Site after the posting of such changes online. By using the Site following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy, you agree to all such changes.
Questions or Comments
If you have questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, or you wish to access or make changes to information we have about you, please call
US Customer Care at 800-830-9596 (only for Consultants) or contact us at: 17101 Armstrong Ave Suite 101 Irvine, CA 92614 or Canada Customer Care at 866-611-3438.
Effective January 1, 2008