http://www.phxlogistics.com/privacy-policy
Search Products | Search Site
PRODUCT DATABASE Contact Us
AboutAbout Phoenix LogisticsQualityTeamMission, Vision, ValuesCorporate ResponsibilityNewsManufacturingData BusOverviewInline and Box CouplersConnectors and TerminatorsHarnesses and JumpersCable and Splice KitsContacts and Solder Tack SystemProduct DatabaseRF & MicrowaveOverviewConnectorsSpecialty Cable AssembliesProduct DatabaseHigh-Speed DataOverviewSpaceWire HarnessesLine Replaceable UnitsAvionics PanelsSimulation & TrainingLive TrainingIntegrated Training EnvironmentEngineering ServicesCritical InfrastructureIO&TEnergyTransportationInformation TechnologyLogistics & WarehousingCareersCapabilitiesManufacturing ServicesSpaceInformation TechnologyMedical IO&TLogistics & WarehousingDesign EngineeringObsolescence ManagementTesting
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Phoenix Logistics, Inc. respects each individual's right
to personal privacy. We make every effort to ensure that you are informed of
the information we collect, the way it is used and how it is protected. This
policy applies to information collected at Phoenix Logistics, Inc.'s web site,
phxlogistics.com (hereafter referred to as site or web site), and describes
what information we collect from you and how that information is collected,
used, and protected. We will collect and use information through our web site
only in the ways disclosed in this statement. By accessing the site you are
indicating your agreement to this Privacy Policy and consent to information
collected in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy. This policy may
be updated from time to time and is subject to change at any time by Phoenix
Logistics, Inc. without notice to you. It is your obligation to review this
Privacy Policy from time to time. Your continued use of this site after changes
to this Privacy Policy have been posted constitutes your agreement to the
revisions. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy at any time,
then you must not access or use the site. Our web site occasionally offers
links to other web sites. Please note: When you click on links to other web
sites, we encourage you to read their privacy policies. Their standards may
differ from ours.
Part I. Information Collection
The kind of information we collect from you online
depends on how you decide to use our web site or services. You will not need to
submit any personal information in order to browse or use our web site. The
following methods of information collection are used on our site:
Voluntary information submission & solicited information We may request or you may choose to voluntarily provide us with your personally
identifiable information by such means as e-mailing us, filling out certain
forms on our web site, or sending us your resume.
Automated technical information collection Our system may collect certain technical data about your visit, which helps us
better understand how our site is being used and how we can improve the end
user experience for our visitors. This automatically gathered information is
anonymous and does not identify you personally; it may include computer IP or
"Internet Protocol" addresses, origin information i.e. domain and
geographic region from which a visitor came, pages visited, length and depth of
visit, browser and operating system used, search terms and engines used to
reach our site, as well as statistics about how visitors navigate through our
site. Furthermore we may collect statistical information i.e. search terms and
dates and times of searches via the 'Site Search' feature on our web site.
Cookies Phoenix Logistics, Inc. may employ cookies (a cookie is a small text file that
a web server places on a user's computer hard drive to be a unique identifier)
or other means to collect personally identifiable or unique information from
visitors. Phoenix Logistics, Inc. may use this technology to collect uniquely
identifiable information in order to better serve our customers through our web
site. You can at any time choose not to accept cookies by changing the settings
in your web browser, however some site features may not function properly when
cookies are disabled. Please check this Privacy Policy from time to time for
updates.
Children's privacy protection Phoenix Logistics, Inc.'s web site is not directed at children and we do not
actively market to children. We will never knowingly ask a child under 13 to
divulge personal information.
Part II. Information Usage
We are committed to protecting your personal information and respecting your
privacy. We will not sell, trade, rent, or lease your personal information to
any third parties. We will not use or disclose your information for purposes
other than those set forth in this Privacy Policy, unless you give us your
permission or we are legally compelled to do so, such as by law, subpoena, or
court order, or unless such disclosure or use becomes necessary for the
protection of our legal interests.
Voluntary/Solicited Information We may ask our visitors for personal information through forms on our website
used for accessing certain secure areas of the site, downloading certain
information or publications, obtaining quote requests, or gaining general user
information through surveys. The personal information you choose to provide on
these forms, which would typically include but is not limited to your name,
company name, contact information, and e-mail address may be used by Phoenix
Logistics, Inc. in a manner consistent with the stated purpose of the given
form. In addition, we may use this information for non-personal assessment of
preferences so we can focus our site's content to better serve the needs of our
visitors and customers. If we intend to use or share your personal information
for any other purposes, we will notify you of that purpose and give you a
chance to opt out before you submit your information.
E-mail contact To facilitate ease of contact and communication, Phoenix Logistics, Inc.
provides e-mail contact links to our company and individuals within our company
throughout our site. These email links will always be in the form of xxxxx @ phxlogistics.com,
where xxxxx is the name of the individual, department or service. If you choose
to contact us by e-mail, we will keep your contact information private in
accordance with the provisions set forth in this Privacy Policy. We may use
your email address to contact you directly in response to your e-mail or to
contact you from time to time regarding services or products that we believe
may be of interest to you. At any time you may request to 'opt out' or not
receive unsolicited e-mail from Phoenix Logistics, Inc. All e-mail content
(except your contact information) will be treated as volunteered to Phoenix
Logistics, Inc. for our use in any manner. E-mail links on our site to outside
individuals or organizations, i.e. e-mail links not taking the form
xxxxx @ phxlogistics.com, may not be governed by the same standards as set forth
in this Privacy Policy.
Employment and career opportunities Phoenix Logistics, Inc.'s site may provide you with a means for filling out an
online employment application and/or submitting your resume or other personal
information for consideration for employment opportunities. Personal
information received through resume submissions or the online application
process will be kept strictly confidential. We may contact you for additional
information to supplement the submitted information, and we may use your
information within our organization, or keep it on file for future use in
making hiring decisions.
Technical data Phoenix Logistics, Inc. may use the non-personal, anonymous information
described in the 'Automated technical information collection' section of Part I
of this Privacy Policy to perform analysis of web site usage in order to
improve the end user experience. We may also share this anonymous information,
in aggregate form, with parties we hire to help us perform our business to
analyze trends and statistics and to help us provide better customer service.
Transfer of data From time to time, Phoenix Logistics, Inc. product lines and/or services are
split off into independent subsidiaries or entities in order to better serve
the needs of our customers; In order to promote continuity of services and
support, Phoenix Logistics, Inc. may transfer the information you have
voluntarily submitted to us or that we have collected by other means as stated
in this Privacy Policy to said subsidiaries or entities. If Phoenix Logistics,
Inc.'s business is acquired or merges with another company, we may transfer the
information you've shared with us to the successor company. In the unlikely
event that we cease business operations, we may similarly transfer this data to
another company that offers comparable products or services. The use and
disclosure of transferred data may then be governed by the privacy practices of
the successor company.
Part III. Access to and management of personal
information
Access and Management You may at any time request modification, correction, or deletion* of your
personal information from our database by contacting Phoenix Logistics, Inc.
directly via phone, fax, regular post or e-mail.
Choice When feasible, Phoenix Logistics, Inc. will make every effort to provide the
user with an 'opt out' option where appropriate when submitting personally
identifiable information on our web site. You may also at any time request to
opt out of receiving unsolicited e-mail from Phoenix Logistics, Inc. by
contacting us directly via phone, fax, regular post or email.* Note that any
deleted information may remain in our data store as a result of routine system
back-ups, but we will no longer use that information.
Part V. Data Storage and Security
Phoenix Logistics, Inc. takes the security of all data in
our possession very seriously and makes every effort to safeguard that
information. In order to maintain the integrity and security of your personal
information, we store this information on non-public computer systems with
firewall and password protection to prevent access by anyone other than
authorized Phoenix Logistics, Inc. employees. Of course, we appreciate your
help in safeguarding the integrity of your own privacy. We encourage you to let
us know immediately if you suspect that the information you share with us is
being used in any way contrary to this Privacy Policy, and we will investigate
your inquiry as promptly as possible. To contact us regarding any concerns
about data security, send e-mail to Customer
Service.
Part VI. Governance & Liability
This Privacy Policy is governed by the internal
substantive laws of the State of Arizona, without regard to its conflict of
laws principles. Jurisdiction for any claims arising under or out of this
Privacy Policy shall lie exclusively with the state and federal courts within
the State of Arizona. If any provision of this Privacy Policy is found to be
invalid by a court having competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such
provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of this
Privacy Policy, which shall remain in full force and effect. UNDER NO
CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL PHOENIX LOGISTICS, INC. HAVE ANY LIABILITY WHATSOEVER FOR
ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR SPECIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE
BREACH OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY, HOWEVER OCCASIONED.
Part VII. Questions and Suggestions
If you have any further questions about privacy
or security, or any suggestions how me may improve this Privacy Policy, please
contact us by sending an email to: Customer Service.
News
Sunday, November 1, 2020Phoenix Logistics Prepares for More GrowthPhoenix Logistics (a Phoenix Defense Company) Announces Changes And Prepares for Growth
Phoenix Logistics announced today that Greg Williamitis will assume duties as EVP and ...Read more
Monday, June 15, 2020Rick Stikkers Joins PLI as Chief Engineer
Rick Stikkers - PLI Chief Engineer
RICK STIKKERS HAS JOINED PHOENIX LOGISTICS AND PHOENIX DEFENSE AS CHIEF ENGINEER
We are very happy to announce that Rick ...Read more
Monday, June 15, 2020PLI Named Best Supplier for Northrop's Omega RocketPHOENIX LOGISTICS NAMED OUTSTANDING SUPPLIER FOR
NORTHROP GRUMMAN’S OMEGATM ROCKET
OmegA will Launch National Security Missions for the U.S. Space Force
[Gilbert, Ariz. 9 Ju...Read more
Monday, May 11, 2020Phoenix Logistics Recapitalized and Acquires Riptide SoftwarPhoenix Logistics, Inc. (PLI), has implemented a strategic recapitalization coupled with a simultaneous acquisition of Riptide Software, Inc. Both transactions were backed by Chicago ba...Read more
0
1
2
3
Contact Sales Click here to contact our sales team
Customer Portal Click to access our customer portal
Supplier Portal Click to access our supplier portal
Sales Rep Portal Click to access our sales rep portal
Contact information1405 N Fiesta BLVD, Suite 130Gilbert, AZ 85233Tel: 602-231-8616 Fax: 602-273-9135More Contact Information
© Copyright 2010 , Phoenix Logistics Inc, All Rights Reserved - Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions
AboutManufacturingSimulation & TrainingCritical InfrastructureCareersCapabilities