https://www.eprcpa.ca/privacy-policy/
You are using an outdated browser.
This website is not compatible with your web browser.
Please upgrade your browser or activate Google Chrome Frame to improve your experience.
At www.eprcpa.ca, we respect and protect the privacy of our customers and those who use our websites. The following Privacy Statement provides details about how your personal information is collected and used. This privacy statement applies to the network of www.eprcpa.ca websites, products and services that are located in, but not limited to the www.epr.ca domains.
INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE
www.eprcpa.ca is the sole owner of information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. www.eprcpa.ca collects information from our users at several different points on our website.
Our websites offers several opportunities for visitors to register for promotional and informational mailings, online surveys and resources, and for assistance in evaluating our software and services. These registration forms are often linked to www.eprcpa.ca’s mailing lists and require users to give contact information (such as name and email address). We use this contact information to send users information about our company and its products and services if requested or necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings at any time (see the choice/opt-out section below).
SHARING AND USAGE
We will never share, sell, or rent your personal information with third parties for their promotional use. Occasionally, we enter into contracts with third parties so that they can assist us in servicing you (for example, providing customer service). The contracts prohibit them from using any of your personal information for their own purposes, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of the information we provide to them. We may also disclose information to partners who introduced you to www.eprcpa.ca’s services in order to ensure they are properly compensated for their efforts. Lastly, we may disclose or report personal information in limited circumstances where we believe in good faith that disclosure is required under the law. For example, we may be required to disclose personal information to cooperate with regulators or law enforcement authorities, to comply with a legal process such as court order, subpoena, search warrant, or law enforcement request.
USE OF WEB TECHNOLOGIES
We use a variety of technologies on our sites. We may access and set cookies using web beacons, also known as single-pixel GIFs which are invisible graphical images. These web beacons provide us useful information regarding our site such as which pages users access. When we send you emails, we may include a single-pixel GIF to allow us to determine the number of people who open our emails. When you click on a link in an email, we record this individual response to allow us to customize our offerings to you.
We also keep track of activity on our website via log files stored on our web servers. We collect information such as IP address, browser type and version, and pages you view. We also keep track of how you got to our site and any links you click on to leave our site. Once you leave our site, we do not track you. We use your website activity to assist us in offering you a personalized Web experience, assist you with technical support, diagnose problems with our server, administer our websites and to tailor our product and service offerings to you.
LINKS
Some of our sites provide links to third-party websites, such as those of our business partners and online advertisers. While on these sites, www.eprcpa.ca or its partners may collect information about you. Because www.eprcpa.ca does not control the information policies or practices of these third parties, you should review their privacy policies to learn more about how they collect and use personally identifiable information.
SECURITY
www.eprcpa.ca takes care to reinforce the importance of our website visitors’ security and privacy among our employees. Our employees are trained and required to safeguard your information and, using physical, electronic and procedural safeguards, we restrict access to personal information to those employees and agents for business purposes only. Additionally, we use internal and external resources to review the adequacy of our security procedures.
CHOICE/OPT-OUT
www.eprcpa.ca provides users the opportunity to opt-in, opt-out or change preferences via a link in the footer of most email messages. These options are made available when you sign-up for our email lists and in email messages delivered from our company.
NOTIFICATION OF CHANGES
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on the
At www.eprcpa.ca, we respect and protect the privacy of our customers and those who use our websites. The following Privacy Statement provides details about how your personal information is collected and used. This privacy statement applies to the network of www.eprcpa.ca websites, products and services that are located in, but not limited to the www.eprcpa.ca domains.
Proud member of:
Our team remain available to assist you. For information regarding our COVID-19 policies and procedures, please click here.