http://www.pukaraestate.com.au/terms-conditions
Home
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
Please read the information below about the legal terms and conditions that apply to your use of the Pukara Estate Pty Ltd website and any services or products that you order from us. If you don't agree to these terms and conditions please do not use our website.
Acceptance
By using this website you are bound by these terms and conditions which form a legally binding contract between you and Pukara Estate Pty Ltd ABN 26 107 017 881.
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us and we will always act to protect your information. View the full details of our Privacy Policy. Please note that by agreeing to these terms and conditions you will be deemed also to have read, understood and agreed to our Privacy Policy in its whole.
Use of this website
You may only use this website for lawful purposes and will not use it in a way that violates the rights of any third party.
You recognise and agree that the content contained within this website is only intended for your own personal, non-commercial use and you may only download, print or use content for this purpose.
Unless you have prior consent you must not copy, reproduce, modify, distribute, imitate, publish, commercially exploit or link to or deep-link into this website.
Copyright and ownership of rights
The copyright and other intellectual property rights contained within this site are owned by or licensed to Pukara Estate Pty Ltd ABN 26 107 017 881 and unless authorised, the use or misuse of them is forbidden.
Spam
Under no circumstance will we deliberately send you an electronic message without your consent.
Cookies
A Cookie is a small data file that's stored by your web browser on your computer.
Pukara Estate and our advertising management partner, DoubleClick use Cookies to help monitor your online activity and to learn which advertisements bring users to our website. The information that we collect and share from the Cookies is anonymous and not personally identifiable. It does not contain your name, address, telephone number, email address or the details of your internet service provider. For more information about DoubleClick, including how to opt out of these technologies, visit www.doubleclick.net/us/corporate/privacy.
Links to third-party sites and other websites
There are links on this site to other websites that may be of interest to you. Please note that Pukara Estate is not responsible for the information contained on those websites. Each site has their own terms and conditions that you should familiarise yourself with. We will not be liable for any damage caused by use of these websites.
Damage to computer or other device
We will take reasonable care in ensuring that our website is free from viruses or other dangerous content, however cannot guarantee that use of this website will not cause damage to your computer or other devices. It is your responsibility to make sure that you have the proper equipment and anti-virus software to use this website safely.
Online shopping
When placing information onto our website, we will take reasonable care in ensuring that all details, prices, product images and descriptions displayed are correct at the time. While we have made every attempt to show textures, appearances and colours of our products as accurately as possible, what you see will vary depending on your monitor and computer equipment. We cannot guarantee that the product images are an exact representation of the actual products. If you're unhappy with your purchase, please contact info@pukaraestate.com.au
Orders
We reserve the right to accept or reject an order for any reason due to unavailability of product; an error in the price, image or the product description; or error in your order.
Product availability
We will use our best endeavours to ensure products ordered are available for delivery, and in most cases will notify you when a product is unavailable prior to you completing your order.
Variation of products and price
Pukara Estate may vary the prices on this website at any time, and prices are subject to change until you have paid for the products in full. Product availability and product prices may vary between Pukara Estate Tasting Rooms, stockists of Pukara Estate products and those found on this website.
Delivery
All orders are calculated in Australian Dollars and can be paid for via PayPal or Credit Card. We accept major credit cards including Mastercard, Visa, and debit cards.
Once orders are received they will be dispatched within 2 business days and are delivered direct to your door within 1 – 10 working days depending on your location.
Our dispatch & administration departments close during the Christmas and New Year period, these dates will be displayed on our home page.
During Christmas and New Year period courier services may be restricted so please allow longer at those times.
We offer FLAT RATE SHIPPING within Australia.
NSW $14.95.
ACT, QLD, VIC, TAS, SA, WA & NT $19.95.
We use Fastway Couriers and Australia Post to deliver orders within Australia.
Payment
All transactions are processed in Australian Dollars (AUD). You must pay for your products purchased on this website at the time of placing an order.
We accept payment by MasterCard, Visa and PayPal only.
We will always act to protect the details of your payment and purchase however in the absence of negligence, Pukara Estate will not be responsible for any loss or damage that you may suffer if a third party acquires unauthorised access to data that you have provided to us when ordering from our website.
Our servers will help secure your personal information with up-to-date firewalls and encryption techniques during the ordering and purchase process. A padlock or key will also be visible in the bottom of your web browser.
Damaged products
Should your package arrive broken then we will happily arrange for a replacement to be delivered. If this happens, please make sure the delivery driver and yourself are both aware of the breakage and take a photo if necessary. Please email info@pukaraestate.com.au for more details or call us directly on 02 6547 1055.
Cancelling an order
You can cancel your online order provided that it has not been dispatched. Please contact us at 02 65471055.
We will attempt to cancel your order without delay however occasionally it may not be possible to stop an order from being dispatched.
Refund/Returns Policy
If you are not entirely satisfied with your purchase, we're here to help. You have 7 calendar days to return an item from the date you received it. To be eligible for a return, your item must be unused and in the same condition that you received it. Your item must be in the original packaging. Your item needs to have the receipt or proof of purchase.
Return items to 1440 Denman Road, Muswellbrook NSW 2333. All postage and insurance costs are to be paid by the buyer. We recommend that you use registered post for ease of tracking. Pukara Estate will not be held accountable for theft, lost or damaged goods during transit. When your item is received we will inspect it and notify you that we have received your returned item. We will immediately notify you on the status of your refund after inspecting the item.
If your return is approved, we will initiate a refund to your credit card (or original method of payment). You will receive the credit within a certain amount of days, depending on your card issuer's policies. Shipping costs are nonrefundable. If you receive a refund, the cost of return shipping will be deducted from your refund.
If you have any questions on how to return your item to us, contact us at info@pukaraestate.com.au
Password and account security
It is your responsibility in maintaining the confidentiality of your password and account and all activities that take place under your password or account. If you will be using a shared computer ensure that you logout of your account at the end of each session.
If you believe that there has been a security breach or misuse of your password or account, please let us know immediately.
Pukara Estate will not be liable for any loss or damage that may occur as a result of your failure to comply with this clause.
Website changes
We may change or update this website and the terms and conditions at any time by giving you notice as outlined below. Your use of this website after notice will constitute your deemed acceptance of such changes.
Website unavailability
We will not accept responsibility if this site is unavailable to you as a result of computer downtime, malfunction or other factors beyond our control.
Connoisseur Club
You agree by becoming a Connoisseur Club Member that We are able to provide to You by email or by post details of special offers and other member benefits.
There is no sign up fee or lock in contract or ongoing commitment.
Gift cards
Gift cards cannot be refunded or returned, unless required by law. They will also not be exchanged for another denomination or tender such as cash. Please note that Pukara Estate is not responsible for and is unable to replace gift cards which are lost or stolen
Competitions
We run a variety of competitions and promotions throughout the year, each with their own separate terms and conditions of entry. Please carefully read these terms and conditions of entry before entering or participating in a competition or promotion.
Correction of errors
Occasionally there may be content on this website that contains typographical errors, inaccuracies or oversights relating to a product description, product image, price, promotion, special offer or availability. In this circumstance, we have the right to amend any typographical errors, inaccuracies or oversights and to correct or update content or cancel orders at any time without prior notice. Please note that this also applies to orders that have been submitted.
If you believe that there is a typographical error, inaccuracy or oversight on this website please contact us at info@pukaraestate.com.au
Notices
Pukara Estate may give notice to you by electronic mail, conventional mail to your address contained in your order, or notice posted on the Pukara Estate website. You may give notice to Pukara Estate by electronic mailed to info@pukaraestate.com.au
Termination
If you breach these terms and conditions, we reserve the right to immediately suspend, terminate or limit your access to this site. A notice as outlined above will be sent to you.
Disclaimer/Limitation of Liability
Your use of this website is at your own discretion. Pukara Estate Pty Ltd (i) makes no warranties or representations about this website or any of the content; (ii) accepts no responsibility for any loss suffered by you or anyone else in connection with the use of this website or content and; (iii) does not guarantee that this website will not cause damage or is free from viruses or any other defects or errors.
We exclude, to the maximum extent permitted by law, any liability which may arise as a result of the use of this website or the content contained within it. Where liability cannot be excluded, any liability incurred by Pukara Estate in relation to the use of this website or the content, is limited as provided under the Australian Consumer Law.
We will not be held responsible or liable for any direct or indirect loss or damages caused or alleged to have been caused by your use, of, or reliance on, any content, goods or services available on an external site. Any concerns regarding an external link, should be directed to its responsible site administrator or webmaster.
Governing law
Pukara Estate operates this website from its offices in Australia. The laws of the State of NSW govern these Terms and Conditions.
Comments, feedback and other
We're always happy to hear from you and welcome your comments, suggestions or feedback. Please contact us at info@pukaraestate.com.au or phone 02 6547 1055.