http://www.rowehankins.com/environmental-policy
Rowe Hankins Ltd. Environmental Policy
Rowe Hankins Ltd. provides engineering solutions to the Railways industry as well as the supply of electrical products.Rowe Hankins Ltd. is committed to minimising the environmental impacts of its business activities and to promote environmental awareness and best practice amongst its employees and suppliers.Environmental aspects and impacts generated as a result of our business activities are managed and controlled through application of our environmental management system.Rowe Hankins Ltd. is fully committed to the following;Continual improvement of quantified environmental performance.The prevention of pollution in all its direct and indirect business activities.Committed to legislative compliance and other requirements to which Rowe Hankins Ltd. subscribes.Sets measurable environmental objectives at management reviews or intervening management meetings and supporting programmes of work aimed at achieving environmental objectives.
Rowe Hankins are a fully certified ISO 9001 and 14001 – 2015 accredited company covering the design, assembly and servicing of electrical, electro-mechanical and electric components and equipment, as well as the stocking of electrical distribution systems.Environmental Policy – Updated December 2020 by: Rowe Hankins Ltd. Registered in England Number: 2021691 Registered office address: Power House, Parker Street, Bury, Lancashire BL9 0RJ, UK.
We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking Accept you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However you may visit Settings to manage your preferences.
Read our privacy policy.
ACCEPT
REJECT
SETTINGS
COOKIE SETTINGS
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Analytics
Cookie Policy
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorised as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyse and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
Enable or Disable Cookies
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
Analytics
These cookies allow us to analyse your use of the site to evaluate and improve our performance. They may also be used to provide a better customer experience on this site.
To read more about the analytics cookies we use, please visit our Cookie Policy.
Enable or Disable Cookies
Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences!
Cookie Policy
To find out more about cookies on Rowe Hankins, please visit our Cookie Policy
ENABLE ALL
SAVE CHANGES