http://www.cu.bv.com/about/index.php#privacy
Virtual Branch
New to Online Banking?
GET STARTED
Cancel
Featured Rates
New Auto:
2.49-3.49% APR
Used Auto:
3.29-3.69% APR
Signature:
12.5% APR
Routing:
301080583
App Code:
BVMobile
Apply For a Loan
About the B&V Credit Union
Our Credit Union was established in 1954 for the purpose of providing convenient, high quality, personalized financial services that are responsive to the needs of our members. B&V Credit Union is a separate entity from Black & Veatch Corp. While Black & Veatch is a valued sponsor of B&V Credit Union, Black & Veatch does not hold any financial interest in B&V Credit Union.
General Information
The Board of Directors and Supervisory Committee are elected from the membership at the annual meeting and serve a three year term. All positions are voluntary with no compensation.
The office staff are employees of the Credit Union, reporting directly to the Board of Directors.
The Credit Union operates under the supervision of the State of Kansas.
Membership
B&V Credit Union membership is open to all employees of Black & Veatch Holding Company, Black & Veatch Corporation, and any affiliated subsidiary company in which Black & Veatch Holding Company or Black & Veatch Corporation owns a controlling interest. Family members of employees are also eligible to join. This would include spouse, partner, children, parents, grandparents, and siblings. A minimum deposit of $5.00 is required to open an account. If you qualify and would like to become a member, please complete a membership request form which is available below or by coming by the Credit Union office, calling, or e-mailing us (you must provide your mailing address to receive the membership packet).
Membership Request Form
Our History
On June 15, 1954, B&V Credit Union was organized by a group of Black & Veatch employees for the benefit of fellow employees and their families. The first annual meeting held in October reported 66 active members with share totaling $2,051 and loans of $1,460.
Many new services and programs have been established however the original principles that the founding members wished to achieve still apply - "service and convenience," PEOPLE HELPING PEOPLE. The Credit Union's strength and success is attributed to those members who volunteer their time and knowledge to build and maintain a secure financial institution.
Affiliations
Credit Union National Association (CUNA)
Kansas Credit Union Association (KCUA)
National Credit Union Administration (NCUA)
Contact Us
B&V Credit Union
11401 Lamar Avenue
Overland Park
Kansas 66211
Get Directions
Phone: 913-458-2739
Toll Free: 1-800-348-0119
FAX: 913-458-2908
Email: info@bvcreditunion.com
Privacy Policy
Download Privacy Policy
Announcements
BV CREDIT UNION OFFICE STATUS
Due to the protocols set forth by the medical professionals we have temporarily closed access to our office located at 11401 Lamar Avenue in Overland Park, KS.
However we are still operational!
Please notify us by email at info@bvcreditunion.com for assistance. We will respond as quickly as possible to meet all of your needs.
Thank You for your patience and understanding.
View All Announcements >>
Why Credit Unions
Credit Unions are member owned and run. That means each member has equal ownership and equal voting power - regardless
of how much money a member has in their account.
Credit Unions are not-for-profit organizations. That means we return our profits to our members in the form of
attractive savings and loan rates. In contrast, banks focus on profits for their shareholders You'll get personalized
service you can't get at a bank.
Membership
Calculators
E-Services
Rates
THIRD PARTY SITE DISCLAIMER
- By accessing the noted link you will be leaving the B&V CU website and entering a website hosted by another party.
B&V CU has not approved this as a reliable partner site. Please be advised that you will no longer be subject to,
or under the protection of, the privacy and security policies of the B&V CU website. We encourage you to read and
evaluate the privacy and security policies of the site you are entering, which may be different than those of B&V CU.
CLICK OK TO CONTINUE OR CANCEL TO ABORTContinue
Cancel