http://www.tahitiannoni.com/en-us/return-policy
Thank you for your interest in our products. Please fill out the form below to request the product in your market and be notified when it is available.
First Name
Last Name
Email
There was an error. Please try again.
Did you mean ?
NO
YES
This email is invalid.
Would you like to use it anyways?
NO
YES
Request Product
Return Policy
Returns - Unopened items (12-pk must be in tact) may be returned within 15
days of delivery for a full refund minus shipping fees.
30-day
exchange policy - (This includes subscriptions) First time product purchase New unopened items can be returned and exchanged for an item of equal or lesser value. (1 exchange per order).  Customers are responsible for shipping & handling fees to return or exchange unopened items.
Quality
Assurance - For product that is proven to be defective or for a
miss-shipment NABC , Inc.  will replace the original order and cover
all shipping & handling costs. Please retain product for inspection if necessary.
Damage -
If product is damaged during shipping we will refund or replace.
Retail
Purchases - Customers that purchase products from a local outlet (grocery
store, convenience store, etc.) should be referred back to where they
purchased the product for a refund.  If there is a Quality Assurance
issue, please contact Customer Service.
Live Healthy.
Newage.com
uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience. You can view our Cookie Policy and Privacy Policy for more info.
Accept All Cookies
Manage Cookies
This website uses cookies to remember users and understand ways to enhance their experience.
Some cookies are essential, others help s improve your experience by providing insights into how the site is used for more
inforamtion please visit our cookie and privacy policy pages.
Essential Cookies
These cookies are essenitial for enabling user movement around our website and providing access to features such as
your profile and purchases, member-only resources, and other secure areas of the website. These cookies do not gather information about you that could
be used for marketing purposes and do not remember where you have been on the internet. This category of cookies cannot be disabled.
Analytics Cookies
Turn Off Cookies
Turn On Cookies
We use Google Analytics cookies to collect information about how visitors use our website. These cookies collect information in the aggregate to give us insight into how our website is being used. We anonymize IP addresses in Google Analytics, and the anonymized data is transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.
Marketing Cookies
Turn Off Cookies
Turn On Cookies
We also use a marketing database management program that deploys a cookie when a user interacts with a marketing communication, such as marketing email or marketing-based landing page on our website. This cookie collects personal information such as your name, which pages you visit on our website, your history arriving at our website, your purchases from the IAPP, and the like. Collected inforatmion is used to evaluate the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns or to provide better targeting for marketing.