https://www.movecenter.com/privacy-policy-legal-notice/
100% Client Retention Rate 27 Years (and counting)!
With over 57 years in business, MoveCenter is proud to be the oldest, most stable certified Women’s Business Enterprise in the relocation industry.
Privacy Policy/Legal Notice
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their ‘Personally Identifiable Information’ (PII) is being used online. PII, as described in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website, mobile application and technology system together known as the “Sites”.
THE PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, personal information is any information about an identifiable individual.  We collect and maintain different types of personal information that you and/or your employer provide to us on a voluntary basis.  This may include:
contact and identification information, such as your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address and employer information;
product and service-related information concerning the products and services that we provide to you or programs that we offer;
for parties with whom we do business, credit and financial information such as your payment methods and preferences, and billing and credit history, where applicable; and
business relationship information, including information related to your agreements, preferences, and decision-makers, feed-back and information requested by or provided to you.
If you email us a question or request, we may use your email address to process your request and respond to your question.
We may also collect market-related information, which may include personal information.  This information may include contract terms, financial information and other information for the purpose of market analysis, resource planning, financial advisory services and strategic planning.  We may also collect information related to our public relations activities and information related to our interactions with financial, resource planning, regulatory and other analysts and advisors.
As a general rule, we collect personal information directly from you or through your employer.  From time to time, we may utilize the services of third parties in our business and may also receive personal information collected by those third parties in the course of the performance of their services for us or otherwise.  Where this is the case, we will take reasonable steps to ensure that such third parties have represented to us that they have the right to disclose your personal information to us.
HOW WE COLLECT AND USE PERSONAL INFORMATION
We collect personal information from you to enable us to manage, maintain, and develop our business and operations, including:
to establish, maintain and manage our relationship with you so that we may provide you with, or receive from you, the programs, products and services that have been requested;
to be able to review the products and services that we provide to you so that we may understand your requirements for our programs, products and services and so that we may work to improve our products and services;
to be able to review the products and services that we obtain from you so that we may work with you and so that you may understand our requirements for such products and services;
to administer or otherwise carry out our obligations in relation to any agreement you or your employer have with us;
to protect us against error, breach of contract, negligence, fraud, theft, illegal activity and damage to our goods and property;
to alert you to updated information and other new products and services from us, or third-parties, or to forward promotional materials to you, where you have consented to receive such information;
to complete a transaction or service requested by you or your employer;
to respond to inquiries or requests submitted by you or your employer;
to ensure our Sites and application are relevant to your needs;
to help us create and publish content most relevant to you;
to enable us to comply with applicable law or regulatory requirements; and
any other reasonable purpose to which you consent.
DISCLOSURE
Your personal information may be used and disclosed:
as permitted or required by applicable law or regulatory requirements; to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
to comply with valid legal processes such as search warrants, subpoenas or court orders;
as part of our regular reporting activities;
to protect our rights and property;
where the personal information is publicly available;
during emergency situations or where necessary to protect the safety of a person or group of persons investigate fraud, or respond to a government request; or
for any additional purposes for which we have obtained your consent.
We may use or disclose your personal information without your knowledge or consent where we are permitted or required by applicable law or regulatory requirements to do so.
We may share your personal information with our employees, contractors, consultants, affiliates and other parties who require such information to assist us with managing our relationship with you, including third parties that provide services to us or on our behalf. For example, we may share your personal information from time to time with our third-party information technology and data processing service providers so that we may operate our business. Additionally, we may share your information in connection with real estate and mortgage services, destination services, corporate housing, household goods shipments, language and cultural training and other ancillary relocation related services.
For those receiving services from our providers and other parties outside of European Union, Switzerland or the United States, your personal information may be collected, used, processed, stored or disclosed in the European Union, Switzerland, United States, or other jurisdictions. In such cases, your information may be subject to the laws of those countries.
We do not sell, transfer or disclose your personal information to any third party’s other than for the limited purposes described in this Privacy Policy. We may share aggregated information that does not directly identify you.
TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
When you visit our Site, we may automatically collect Sites use information, such as information about your Internet service provider, your operating system, browser type, domain name, Internet protocol (IP) address, your access times, the Sites that referred you to us, the Web pages you request, and the date and time of those requests. We use this information only to monitor our Site’s performance and improve our Site’s content and structure.
MoveCenter and its partners use cookies or similar technologies to analyze trends, administer our Sites and application, and track users’ movements within the pages of the Sites. You can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level, but if you choose to disable cookies, it may limit your use of certain features or functions on our Sites.
SOCIAL MEDIA WIDGETS
Our Sites includes social media features, such as the Facebook Like button, and Widgets, such as the “Share This” button or interactive mini programs that run on our Site. These features may collect your Internet protocol address, which page you are visiting on our Sites, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy statement of the company providing it.
CALIFORNIA’S DO NOT TRACK NOTICE
We do not track our web visitors across third party Sites to provide targeted advertising and, therefore, our Sites do not respond to Do Not Track (DNT) signals. We do not support Do Not Track browser settings and do not currently participate in any Do Not Track frameworks that would allow any of our Sites to respond to signals or other mechanisms from you regarding the collection of your personal information.
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits our visitors who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personally identifiable information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please contact us using the methods described below.
CONSENT AND OPT-OUT
It is important to us that we collect, use or disclose your personal information where we have your consent to do so. Depending on the sensitivity of the personal information, your consent may be implied, deemed (using an opt-out mechanism) or express. Express consent can be given orally, electronically or in writing. Implied consent is consent that can reasonably be inferred from your action or inaction. For example, when you enter into an agreement with us, we will assume your consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information for purposes related to the performance of that agreement and for any other purposes identified at the relevant time.
Typically, we will seek your consent at the time that we collect your personal information. In certain circumstances, your consent may be obtained after collection but prior to our use or disclosure of your personal information. If we plan to use or disclose your personal information for a purpose not previously identified (either in this Privacy Policy or separately), we will endeavor to advise you of that purpose before such use or disclosure.
Unless you advise us otherwise, you have consented to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information as explained in this Privacy Policy. You may change or withdraw your consent to the collection of personal information at any time, subject to legal or contractual restrictions and reasonable notice, by contacting our Privacy Officer using the contact information set out below. All communications with respect to such withdrawal or variation of consent should be in writing and addressed to our Privacy Officer. In some circumstances, a change in or withdrawal of consent may severely limit our ability to provide products or services to, or acquire products or services from, you or your employer.
From time to time, we communicate via email with users who request information or subscribe to our newsletters of email mailing lists. If you do not wish to receive email communications from us, you may change or withdraw your consent at any time. You also may opt-out of receiving emails by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link within the text of the email.
MOVETRACK
We typically collect information under the direction of your employer. If you are a relocating employee of one of our clients and would no longer like communication provided by your employer that use our service, please contact the employer that you interact with directly. We may transfer personal information to companies that help us provide our service. Transfers to subsequent third parties are covered by the service agreements with your employer.
We will retain personal data we process for as long as needed to provide our services. MoveCenter will retain this personal information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
An individual who seeks access, or who seeks to correct, amend or delete inaccurate data should log into their MoveTrack account or email us at info@movecenter.com. If requested to remove data, we will respond within a reasonable timeframe.
Users of MoveTrack opt-in to permit us to make certain information available to (i) their employer and service providers that provide services related to relocation, for the purpose of providing those relocation services.
PRIVACY POLICY REGARDING CHILDREN
We do not intend to collect personal information from children under the age of 13. We urge parents to regularly monitor and supervise their children’s on-line activities.
BY ACCESSING OR USING THE SITES, YOU DECLARE YOU ARE OF LEGAL AGE TO AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY OR, IF YOU ARE NOT OF LEGAL AGE, THAT YOU HAVE OBTAINED PARENTAL/LEGAL GUARDIAN CONSENT TO DO SO.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
Our Sites may offer links to other Sites that may be subject to less stringent privacy standards. If you visit one of these linked Sites, you are then subject to the privacy policies and other policies of such Sites and are no longer protected by our policies. We are not responsible for, or able to monitor or control, the policies and practices of other companies, including with respect to their collection, use or disclosure or your personal information. You should review the privacy policies of these Sites before providing them with personal information.
SECURITY
No data transmissions over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Consequently, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us and you understand that any information that you transfer to us is done at your own risk.
Once we receive your transmission, we make reasonable efforts to maintain physical, technical and procedural safeguards that are appropriate to the sensitivity of the personal information in question. We use firewalls to protect your information from unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. However, please note that this is not a guarantee that such information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed by breach of such firewalls and secure server software.
In addition, although we obligate third parties who support our Sites and their related offers or other programs to use any personal information only for the purpose of performing their work, we do not control such third parties’ Sites or other security measures.
If we learn of a security system breach, we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps. By using these Sites or providing personally identifiable information to us you agree that we can communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy and administrative issues relating to your use of these Sites. We may post a notice on our Sites if a security breach occurs. We may also send an email to you at the email address you have provided to us in these circumstances. Depending on where you live, you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing.
UPDATING OR ACCESSING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Upon request MoveCenter will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your personal information. If you wish to obtain access to the personal information that we maintain about you, or to correct, amend, update or delete such information, please contact our Privacy Officer in writing using the contact information provided below. Before responding to your request, we may ask you to verify your identity and to provide further details about your request. We will endeavor to respond within an appropriate timeframe and, in any event, within any timeframe required by law. We may charge you a fee to access your personal information; however, we will advise you of any fee in advance.  If you require assistance in preparing your request, please contact our Privacy Officer.
Your right to access the personal information that we hold about you is not absolute. There are instances where applicable law or regulatory requirements allow or require us to refuse to provide some or all of the personal information that we hold about you. In addition, the personal information may have been destroyed, erased or made anonymous in accordance with our record retention obligations and practices. In the event, we cannot provide you with access to your personal information, we will endeavor to inform you of the reasons why, subject to any legal or regulatory restrictions. In some circumstances, we may not agree with your request to change your personal information and will instead append an alternative text to the record in question.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
From time to time, we may revise this Privacy Policy as well as the Terms and Conditions of Use. Any revisions made will be posted within the Privacy Policy or Terms and Conditions of Use, as applicable, on the Sites and will take effect immediately after they are posted unless otherwise noted. Collection and use of information from that point forward will be subject to the revised terms. If you do not agree with any revision to this Privacy Policy or Terms and Conditions of Use, you must stop using and accessing the Sites.  Your continued access or use of the Sites after any such revisions are posted will constitute your acceptance of these changes. You should review the Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions of Use from time to time for any changes. This Privacy Policy was last updated on September 1, 2020.
GOVERNING LAW / VENUE / FORUM
Unless otherwise noted in this Privacy Policy, this Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions of Use shall be governed by the laws of the State of California and by the federal laws of the United States. Without prejudice to the procedure for making inquiries or complaints under the Privacy Shield Framework, as outlined below, all disputes, controversies and disagreements between the parties arising out of or related to this Privacy Policy shall be exclusively submitted for, resolved and finally settled by, binding arbitration. The arbitration shall be conducted by three (3) arbitrators exclusively in San Mateo, California, in accordance with the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association. The Parties waive any objection that might be made on the ground that such venue may be in an inconvenient forum.
USERS LOCATED IN THE EEA AND SWITZERLAND
If you are a user in the EEA or Switzerland, the following information applies with respect to personal data collected through your use of our Sites.
Purposes of processing and legal basis for processing
We process personal data consistent with our disclosures in this Privacy Policy. We process personal data on the following legal bases: (1) with your consent; (2) as necessary to perform our agreement to provide services to you; (3) to meet legal obligations, and (4) as necessary for our legitimate interests in providing the services where those interests do not override your fundamental rights and freedoms related to data privacy.
Retention of Personal Data
We will take reasonable steps to accurately record the personal data that you provide to us and any subsequent updates. We will retain your personal data as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected. Thereafter, we will either delete your personal data or de-identify it so that it cannot be attributed to your identity. Please note that we may continue to retain personal data for purposes of our legitimate interests, including as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, prevent fraud, and enforce our agreements.
Individual Rights.
If you are a resident of the EEA or Switzerland, you have certain rights under EU General Data Protection Regulation, as set forth below:
Right of access:You have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you.
Right of rectification: You have the right to have information that we hold about you that is inaccurate or incomplete corrected.
Right to be forgotten: In certain limited circumstances, you have the right to request that we erase from our records the information that we hold about you.
Right to restriction of processing: In certain limited circumstances, you have the right to restrict the processing of your information.
Right to withdraw consent: If you have provided consent for the processing of your information, you have the right (in certain circumstances) to withdraw that consent at any time which will not affect the lawfulness of the processing before your consent was withdrawn.
Right of portability:In certain limited circumstances, you have the right to have the information we hold about you transferred to another organization.
Right to object: You have the right to object to certain types of processing of your information such as direct marketing (to the extent applicable).
Right to object to automated processing, including profiling: You have the right to not be subject to the legal effects of automated processing or profiling.
Right to lodge a complaint: You have the right to lodge a complaint with a regulatory authority, if you believe that we have not complied with the requirements of the GDPR with regard to your personal information. A listing of EU data protection authorities can be located at: https://ec.europa.eu/justice/article-29/structure/data-protection-authorities/index_en.htm
This Privacy Policy does not create rights enforceable by third parties.
EU – U.S. PRIVACY SHIELD AND SWISS-US PRIVACY SHIELD
MoveCenter complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union, the United Kingdom and/or Switzerland, as applicable to the United States in reliance on Privacy Shield. MoveCenter has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles with respect to such information. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/.
MoveCenter is responsible for the processing of personal data it receives, under the Privacy Shield Framework, and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. MoveCenter complies with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of personal data from the EU and Switzerland, including the onward transfer liability provisions.
With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Framework, MoveCenter is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, MoveCenter may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
If you believe that we are not processing your personal data within the scope of our Privacy Shield certification, you may direct any inquiries or complaints concerning our Privacy Shield compliance in the following ways:
(1) In the first instance, please send your inquiry or complaint to Paul O’Leary at paul@movecenter.com or by writing to the following mailing address:
Paul O’Leary
MoveCenter
1650 Borel Place, Suite 216
San Mateo, CA 94402
United States of America
(2) If you are not satisfied with our response, for complaints that cannot be resolved with us directly, if you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request.
(3) Under certain conditions, more fully described on the Privacy Shield Sites https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=How-to-Submit-a-Complaint, you may invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted.
Our commitments under the Privacy Shield are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the United States Federal Trade Commission.
CONTACT INFORMATION
We have appointed a Privacy Officer to oversee compliance with this Privacy Policy. To ask questions or provide any comments about this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, please contact our Privacy Officer by telephone or by email at:
Paul O’Leary
MoveCenter
1650 Borel Place, Suite 216
San Mateo, CA 94402
United States of America
Phone: (650) 548 9000
Email: paul@movecenter.com
You may also call us Toll-Free (888) 668-3411 (Mon-Fri, 8 am – 5 pm PST) or email us at info@movecenter.com.  We will endeavor to answer your questions and advise you of any steps taken to address the issues raised by you.
Blog / NewsMobility Magazine March 202020200330 - 0647MoveCenter Named #1 RMC in the World20190822 - 2325AARP Employer Pledge Program20190813 - 2141MoveCenter Named one of the Best and Brightest Companies to Work For in the Nation20190403 - 0859
Website MenuHOME
ABOUT US
ABOUT US
OUR SUPPLIERS
WHY MOVECENTER
SERVICES
CORPORATE RELOCATION
GSA AND MILITARY
CONTACT US
PROSPECTIVE CLIENTS
FREE POLICY REVIEW
SUPPLIER REGISTRATION
CAREERS
NEWS
Blog / NewsAARP Employer Pledge Program20190813 - 2141MoveCenter Named one of the Best and Brightest Companies to Work For in the Nation20190403 - 0859MoveCenter Awarded As One of San Francisco’s Best and Brightest Companies to Work For!20190401 - 0850MoveCenter Named Finalist in Inaugural Better Business Bureau Torch Award for Ethics20190330 - 0835Website NavigationHOME
ABOUT US
ABOUT US
OUR SUPPLIERS
WHY MOVECENTER
SERVICES
CORPORATE RELOCATION
GSA AND MILITARY
CONTACT US
PROSPECTIVE CLIENTS
FREE POLICY REVIEW
SUPPLIER REGISTRATION
CAREERS
NEWS
Our Site MapHOME
ABOUT US
ABOUT US
OUR SUPPLIERS
WHY MOVECENTER
SERVICES
CORPORATE RELOCATION
GSA AND MILITARY
CONTACT US
PROSPECTIVE CLIENTS
FREE POLICY REVIEW
SUPPLIER REGISTRATION
CAREERS
NEWS
Our Facbook PageCategories Awards
Events
MoveCenter News
Services
Bakers Dozen Award
Scroll to top
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.OKCookie and Privacy Settings
How we use cookies
We may request cookies to be set on your device. We use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with our website.
Click on the different category headings to find out more. You can also change some of your preferences. Note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer.
Essential Website Cookies
These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features.
Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the website, you cannot refuse them without impacting how our site functions. You can block or delete them by changing your browser settings and force blocking all cookies on this website.
Google Analytics Cookies
These cookies collect information that is used either in aggregate form to help us understand how our website is being used or how effective our marketing campaigns are, or to help us customize our website and application for you in order to enhance your experience.
If you do not want that we track your visist to our site you can disable tracking in your browser here: Click to enable/disable Google Analytics tracking.
Other external services
We also use different external services like Google Webfonts, Google Maps and external Video providers. Since these providers may collect personal data like your IP address we allow you to block them here. Please be aware that this might heavily reduce the functionality and appearance of our site. Changes will take effect once you reload the page.
Google Webfont Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google Webfonts.
Google Map Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google Maps.
Vimeo and Youtube video embeds:
Click to enable/disable video embeds.
Privacy Policy
You can read about our cookies and privacy settings in detail on our Privacy Policy Page.
Privacy Policy/Legal Notice
Accept settingsHide notification onlyCheck to enable permanent hiding of message bar and refuse all cookies if you do not opt in. We need 2 cookies to store this setting. Otherwise you will be prompted again when opening a new browser window or new a tab.Click to enable/disable essential site cookies.