http://www.terminic.co.uk/cookies-policy.html
start
company
calendars
downloads
promotional
brochure
contact
sitemap
Privacy Policy
Cookies Policy
Cookies Policy
Our Web site uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our Web site. This helps us provide you with a good experience when you browse our Web site and also allows us to improve our site.
All Web sites which operate across certain parts of the European Union are required to obtain consent using or storing cookies (or similar technologies) on your computers or mobile device. This cookie policy provides you with clear and comprehensive information about the cookies we use and the purposes for using them. To review the privacy policies that apply to users of http://www.terminic.co.uk, please read our Privacy Policy.
What is a cookie?
A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies as soon as you visit our site.
Key concepts
First and third-party cookies: whether a cookie is ‘first’ or ‘third’ party refers to the domain placing the cookie. First-party cookies are those set by a Web site that is being visited by the user at the time (eg cookies placed by www.terminic.co.uk).
Third-party cookies are cookies that are set by a domain other than that of the Web site being visited by the user. If a user visits a Web site and another entity sets a cookie through that Web site, this would be a third-party cookie.
Persistent cookies: these cookies remain on a user’s device for the period of time specified in the cookie. They are activated each time that the user visits the Web site that created that particular cookie.
Session cookies: these cookies allow Web site operators to link the actions of a user during a browser session. A browser session starts when a user opens the browser window and finishes when they close the browser window. Session cookies are created temporarily. Once you close the browser, all session cookies are deleted.
How to delete and block our cookies
You block cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies), you may not be able to access all or parts of our site. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies as soon as you visit our site.
Changing your cookie settings
Please note that internet browsers allow you to change your cookie settings. These settings are usually found in the ‘options’ or ‘preferences’ menu of your internet browser. In order to understand these settings, use the ‘Help’ option in your internet browser for more details.
Alternatively, you may wish to visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org/ which contains comprehensive information on how to do this on a wide variety of browsers. You will also find details on how to delete cookies from your computer as well as more general information about cookies
Can I withdraw my consent / Right to be forgotten?
If you wish to withdraw your consent at any time, you will need to delete your cookies using your internet browser settings.
For further information about deleting or blocking cookies, please visit: http://www.aboutcookies.org/Default.aspx?page=2.
Your consent
By continuing to use our Web site, you are agreeing to our placing cookies on your computer in order to analyse the way you use our Web site. Please read this cookie policy carefully for more details about the information we collect when you use this site.
If you do not wish to accept cookies in connection with your use of this Web site, you must stop using our site.
What cookies do we use and why?
To find out about specific cookies we use on this site, please see below.
The cookies used on our site are categorised as Performance cookies
‘Performance’ cookies collect information about how you use our Web site – eg which pages you visit and if you experience any errors. These cookies do not collect any information that could identify you and are only used to help us improve how our Web site works, understand what interests our users and measure how effective our content is.
We use performance cookies to:
• Web analytics: Provide anonymous statistics on how our Web site is used.
• Error management: Help us improve the Web site by measuring any errors that occur.
Some of our performance cookies are managed for us by third parties. However, we don’t allow the third party to use the cookies for any purpose other than those listed above.
By using our site, you accept the use of ‘Performance’ cookies. Accepting these cookies is a condition of using the Web site, so if you prevent them we cannot guarantee how our site will perform for you.
We use the following cookies:
Google Analytics - the terminic UK Ltd website uses Google Analytics; a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. Google Analytics sets a cookie in order to evaluate your use of the terminic UK Ltd website and compile reports for us on website activity. This cookie does not collect information that identifies an individual. How to reject or delete these cookies http://www.google.com/intl/en/privacypolicy.html
terminic UK Ltd - First Floor, Crown House, 94-96 Alexandra Road, Hull, HU5 2NX - Phone: +44 (0) 1482 348834 - Email: sales@terminic.co.uk
Privacy Policy - Cookies Policy