https://www.citywidehomeloans.com/terms-of-use-privacy-policy/
Loading…
Close
Please Select An Option
Application Login
I Am Working With A Loan Officer
Locate That Person Here And Apply With Them
Or
I Am Not Working With A Loan Officer
Click Here To Apply
Not sure?
Contact us at (866) 437-0200 with questions.
We are committed to your safety & support.
Read more about our COVID-19 Mortgage Relief,
COVID-19 Response,
or First Responder & Critical Services Program.
Terms of Use
(Protection of the Privacy of Personal Non-Public Information)
Privacy statement:
At Citywide Home Loans, our top priority is to take care of you, our customers. This means not only providing you with outstanding products and services, but also means protecting the nonpublic personal information we gather about you. We respect that you may have concerns about our use and handling of this information and we want you to understand the policies we have in place to protect your nonpublic personal information.
Who is Covered by Our Privacy Policy:
This policy applies to current and former customers. If we change our privacy policies to permit us to share additional information we have about you, as described below, or to permit disclosures to additional types of parties, you will be notified in advance.
Collection and Use of Customer Information:
We collect, retain, and utilize information about you to operate our business and to make products, services, and other opportunities available to you. We obtain information in a variety of ways; for example, we accumulate nonpublic personal information directly from you through your application, from your interactions with us, and from credit bureaus and other third parties. Also, when you visit our website, we may collect information to measure the use of our site and to improve the content of our site.
Categories of Information:
As part of providing you with financial products or services, we collect nonpublic personal information about you from the following sources:
Information we receive from you on applications or other forms, whether in writing, in person, by telephone, electronically, or by any other means. This information may include contact information you keep private, as well as your employment information, income, wage statements, and credit references;
Information about your transactions with us, our affiliates, or others; and
Information we receive from a consumer reporting agency. This information may include account information and information about your credit worthiness.
Disclosure of Information:
We do not sell your nonpublic personal information to third-parties for their independent use. We may, however, provide information about you to service providers that assist us in completing transactions that you have initiated; types of service providers we utilize include, but are not limited to, lenders, investors, title and escrow companies, and appraisal companies. Our service providers are contractually bound to safeguard the nonpublic personal information we share and not utilize that information for their independent use.
We may also disclose nonpublic personal information we have about you as permitted by law. For example, we may share your information:
To comply with Federal, State, or local laws; a properly authorized civil, criminal, or regulatory investigation; or a subpoena or summons;
To protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud, unauthorized transactions, claims, or other liability; or
With your consent or at your direction.
Occasionally we may send you an e-mail for our marketing purposes. These e-mails may be informational or contain promotional material, for example, a survey asking how we did, a birthday or holiday greeting, interest rate notification, or newsletters. If you do not wish to receive such e-mails, please click on the link at the bottom of the e-mail and opt out of receiving future correspondence.
A licensed mortgage loan originator or an assistant acting on his or her behalf may contact you concerning mortgage loan products.
We may also share your information with our affiliate, Citywide Insurance Services, Inc., for its everyday business purposes or for our affiliate to market to you. If you would like to limit our sharing with our affiliate, please contact us at 866-508-5515.
Confidentiality and Security:
At Citywide Home Loans, we take our responsibility to protect the privacy and confidentiality of your nonpublic personal information very seriously. We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with federal standards to guard your information. Our employees are trained to understand not only the procedures, but the importance of confidentiality and customer privacy; and we restrict access to your nonpublic personal information to those employees who need to know the information to provide products or services to you.
Contact Information:
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, please contact us.
Toll free: 866-508-5515
Trustpilot
Close
For consumer support and inquiries please contact our Consumer Solutions Dept. at 1 (866) 508-5515 or by email to consumersolutions@citywidehomeloans.com.
OK