https://www.isandt.co.uk/privacy-notice/
Skip to content
Introduction
The Company gathers and
processes your personal information in accordance with this privacy notice and
in compliance with the relevant data protection regulation and law. This notice
provides you with the necessary information regarding your rights and
obligations, and explains how, why and when we collect and process your
personal data. This personal information may be held by the Company on paper or
in electronic format.
Your personal
information is processed to meet our legal, statutory and contractual
obligations and to provide you with our products and services. We will never
collect any unnecessary personal data from you and do not process your
information in any way, other than already specified in this notice. If you do
not want the company to process your personal data, please do not share any
with us.
The Company has
appointed a [data protection officer, DPO] to oversee compliance of this
privacy notice. If you have any questions about this privacy notice or about
how we handle your personal information, please contact Keith Buckley (DPO) or
Carrie Liles – Data Compliance Coordinator (DCC) at the New Mills office on
(+44) 01663 747 061.
What types of personal information do we collect about you?
Personal information is
any information about an individual from which that person can be directly or
indirectly identified. It doesn’t include anonymised data, i.e. where all
identifying particulars have been removed. There are also “special categories”
of personal information, including personal information on criminal convictions
and offences, which requires a higher level of protection because it is of a
more sensitive nature. The special categories of personal information comprise
information about an individual’s racial or ethnic origin, political opinions,
religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, health, sex life or
sexual orientation and genetic and biometric data. The company will not collect
sensitive personal data about you without your explicit consent.
Information you give us
You may give us
information about you by filling in forms on our sites or by corresponding with
us by phone, email, in writing or otherwise. This includes but is not limited
to (where applicable);
your contact details provided by you, including your
name, address, telephone number and e- mail address both personal and/or
businessinformation obtained through completion of online
formsinformation obtained from questionnaires, contracts,
service level agreements or other forms of correspondenceautomated interactionsmarketing and communications data including your
preferences in receiving marketing from us and your communication preferences.any other personal information provided by you through
your communications with usbusiness related photographs/videos for promotional
use on our website/social media accountspayment information, card details or banking detailsprofessional memberships/accreditations/approvals information
How do we collect your personal information?
The Company may collect
personal information about you in a variety of ways. It is collected during the
engagement/recruitment process, either directly from you or sometimes from a
third party such as an agency or via our website. Some personal data may be
collected about you from the forms and surveys you complete, from records of
our correspondence and phone calls, emails and details of your visits to our
website, including but not limited to personally identifying information like
Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. We may also collect additional personal
information throughout the period of your relationship with us. This may be
collected during your business related activities. Whilst some of the personal
information you provide to us is mandatory and/or is a statutory or contractual
requirement, some of it you may be asked to provide to us on a voluntary basis.
We will inform you whether you are required to provide certain personal
information to us or if you have a choice in this.  Your personal information may be stored in
different places, including in within the company’s IT systems, e-mail system
and cloud-based storage systems
Why and how do we use your personal information?
We will only use your
personal information when the law allows us to. These are known as the lawful
basis for processing.
Consent: the individual has given clear consent for
you to process their personal data for a specific purpose.Contract: the processing is necessary for a contract
you have with the individual, or because they have asked you to take specific
steps before entering into a contract.Legal obligation: the processing is necessary for you
to comply with the law (not including contractual obligations).Vital interests: the processing is necessary to protect
someone’s life.Public task: the processing is necessary for you to
perform a task in the public interest or for your official functions, and the
task or function has a clear basis in law.Legitimate interests: the processing is necessary for
your legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of a third party unless
there is a good reason to protect the individual’s personal data which
overrides those legitimate interests.
We will use your
personal information in one or more of the following circumstances, this
includes but is not limited to (where applicable):
where we need to do so to perform the service
contract, casual worker agreement, consultancy agreement or contract for
services we have entered into with youenable us to maintain accurate and up-to-date records
and contact detailswhere we need to comply with a legal obligationwhere it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or
those of a third party), and your interests or your fundamental rights and
freedoms do not override our intereststo manage our relationship with you including
notifying you of any changes to our contract/relationship with you, the
services we provide and or changes to this privacy policyto promote ours services, training courses and any
work related activitiesensure compliance with your statutory and contractual
rightsenable us to establish, exercise or defend possible
legal claimsto meet industry specific approvals/regulatory
requirementsto investigate/conduct incident investigationswe may also occasionally use your personal information
where we need to protect your vital interests (or someone else’s vital
interests).
We need all the types
of personal information listed under “What types of personal information do
we collect about you?” primarily to enable us to perform our contract with
you and to enable us to comply with our legal obligations. In some cases, we
may also use your personal information where it is necessary to pursue our
legitimate interests (or those of a third party), provided that your interests
or your fundamental rights and freedoms do not override our interests. Our
legitimate interests include: performing or exercising our obligations or
rights under the direct relationship that exists between the Company and you as
agents, contractors, suppliers, customers, students or other third party;
performing effective internal administration and ensuring the smooth running of
the business; ensuring the security and effective operation of our systems and
network and protecting our confidential information. We believe that you have a
reasonable expectation, as our agents, contractors, suppliers, customers,
student or other third party, that we will process your personal information.
Please note that we may process your personal information without your consent,
in compliance with these rules, where this is required or permitted by law.
What if you fail to provide personal information?
If you fail to provide
certain personal information when requested or required, we may not be able to
perform the contract we have entered in to with you, or we may be prevented
from complying with our legal or approval/regulatory obligations. You may also
be unable to exercise your statutory or contractual rights.
Who has access to your personal information?
Your personal
information may be shared internally within the Company or within our group of
companies, including with members of the HR/finance department, IT support and
senior/account managers. Personal data may be processed by other companies
within our group as some services may be provided by a different company within
the group for example the payment of invoices.
The Company may also
share your personal information externally: we will only process personal data
with third parties if necessary for the performance of our agreement or
contract with you, to comply with a legal obligation and if necessary for our
legitimate interests. We will take steps to ensure that your personal data is
handled safely, securely, and in accordance with your rights, our obligations,
and the third party’s obligations under data protection laws.
Examples include
database management, web analytics, delivering packages, sending postal
mail/emails, processing credit card payments or banking transactions and
seeking legal or financial advice. Third party service providers may for
instance include IT companies, credit card processors, financial and other
professional advisors. Any third-party provider who provides data processing
services to us will have access only to such personal information as it needs
to perform its specific functions, and only for the purpose of performing these
functions. We will also ensure that any third- party service provider processes
your personal information as required by applicable data protection laws and
that they adopt adequate technical and organizational security measures. The
legal basis for the processing of limited personal data with third parties is
for the performance of a contract between us and/or for our legitimate
interests, namely the proper administration of our business, delivering our
good/services to you.
The Company may also
share your personal information with other third parties in the context of a
potential sale or restructuring of some or all of its business. In those
circumstances, your personal information will be subject to confidentiality
undertakings. The legal basis for this processing data in this way is for our
legitimate interests, namely the protection and assertion of our legal rights,
your legal rights and the legal rights of others.
We may also need to
share your personal information with a regulator to gain industry approvals or
to otherwise comply with the law or industry requirements. The legal basis for
this processing is our legitimate interest, namely to ensure compliance with
industry requirement in order for us to perform our contract with you and to
deliver the goods/services to you.
How does the Company protect your personal information?
The Company has put in
place measures to protect the security of your personal information. It has
internal policies, procedures and controls in place to try and prevent your
personal information from being accidentally lost or destroyed, altered,
disclosed or used or accessed in an unauthorised way. In addition, we limit
access to your personal information to those employees, workers, agents,
contractors, students and other third parties who have a business need to know
in order to perform their job duties and responsibilities.
Where your personal
information is shared, we require all third parties to take appropriate
technical and organisational security measures to protect your personal
information and to treat it subject to a duty of confidentiality and in
accordance with data protection law. We only allow them to process your
personal information for specified purposes and in accordance with our privacy
notice and we do not allow them to use your personal information for their own
purposes.
The Company also has in
place procedures to deal with a suspected data security breach and we will
notify the Information Commissioner’s Office within 72 hours (or any other applicable
supervisory authority or regulator) and you of a suspected breach where we are
legally required to do so.
For how long does the Company keep your personal information?
The Company will only
retain your personal information for as long as is necessary to fulfil the
purposes for which it was collected and processed, including for the purposes
of satisfying any legal, tax, health and safety, reporting or accounting
requirements. The Company will generally hold your personal information for the
duration of your professional relationship or engagement.
In relation to
retention, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal
data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your
personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether
we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal
requirements. Overall, this means that we will keep the personal data that we
hold for a minimal period, so that we do not continue to retain for a longer
period what is strictly necessary.
Personal information
which is no longer to be retained will be securely and effectively destroyed or
permanently erased from our IT systems and we will also require third parties
to destroy or erase such personal information where applicable. In some
circumstances we may anonymise your personal information so that it no longer
permits your identification. In this case, we may retain such information for a
longer period.
In the limited
circumstances where you have provided your consent to the processing of your
personal information for a specific purpose, you have the right to withdraw
your consent for that specific processing at any time. This will not, however,
affect the lawfulness of processing based on your consent before its
withdrawal. If you wish to withdraw your consent, please contact our data
protection officer or data compliance coordinator. Once we have received
notification that you have withdrawn your consent, we will no longer process your
personal information for the purpose you originally agreed to, unless we have
another legal basis for processing.
Your rights in connection with your personal information
It is important that
the personal information we hold about you is accurate and up to date. Please
keep us informed if your personal information changes, e.g. you change your
contact details, during your working relationship with the Company so that our
records can be updated. The Company cannot be held responsible for any errors
in your personal information in this regard unless you have notified the
Company of the relevant change.
As a data subject, you
have a number of statutory rights. Subject to certain conditions, and in
certain circumstances, you have the right to:
right to be informedrequest access to your personal informationrequest rectification of your personalrequest the erasure of your personal informationrestrict the processing of your personal informationdata portabilityobject to the processing of your personal informationrights in relation to automated decision making and
profiling
If you believe that the
Company has not complied with your data protection rights, you have the right
to make a complaint to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) at any time.
The ICO is the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues.
Opting out
You can ask us to stop
sending you marketing messages at any time by contacting us.
Third-party marketing
We will not
sell/rent/disclosure your personal data to third parties for marketing
purposes.
Transferring personal information outside the European Economic Area
Occasionally we may
need to process your personal data with countries outside the European Economic
Area (EEA). These countries’ data protection laws do not always offer the same
level of protection for personal data as offered in the EEA.
Certain countries
outside the EEA have been approved by the European Commission as providing
essentially equivalent protections as EEA data protection laws. EU data
protection laws allow these Company to freely transfer Personal Data to such
countries. We will inform you if your individuals’ personal data is being
transferred outside the EEA. We will establish the legal basis justifying the
processing and seek the individuals explicit consent where necessary.
Automated decision making
We do not envisage that
any decisions will be taken about you based solely on automated decision
making, including profiling. However, we will notify you in writing if this
position changes. You also have the right not to be subject to the effects of
automated processing or profiling and have the right to object and at any time.
Changes to this privacy notice
The Company reserves
the right to update or amend this privacy notice at any time, including where
the Company intends to further process your personal information for a purpose
other than that for which the personal information was collected or where we
intend to process new types of personal information. We will publish the
updated privacy notice on our website if/when we make significant updates or
amendments, please check our website regularly.
Website Analytics
To improve your
experience on our websites, we may use “cookies”. Cookies are industry standard
and most major website use them. A cookie is a small piece of data that our
site may place on your computer as a tool to remember your preferences. You may
refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your
browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the
full functionality of this website.
Our website uses Google
Analytics, a service which transmits website traffic data to Google servers.
Google Analytics does not identify individual users or associate your IP
address with any other data held by Google. We use reports provided by Google
to help us understand website traffic and web page usage.
Emails
We do not guarantee
that any email sent to us will be received by us or that the contents will
remain private during transmission. If you are concerned about this, please
consider other means of communication. You are responsible for ensuring any
electronic message or information you send to us is free from any virus or that
may harm our systems in any way.
Third-party website links
Our websites may
include links to third-party websites and plug-ins. Clicking on those links or
enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data
about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible
for their privacy statements. Please read the Privacy Notice/Policy/Statements
of all third-party website that you visit.
Contact
If you have any
questions about this privacy notice or how we handle your personal information,
or to exercise your rights, please contact Carrie Liles – Data Compliance
Coordinator as follows: carrie.liles@morganward.co.uk
(+44) 01663 747 061