http://www.moissanite.com/privacy-policy
Holiday Sale
Save up to 20% on bridal and fine jewelry.*
Shop Moissanite
Shop Lab Grown Diamond
Our best selection of holiday gifts are up to 20% off!* Free shipping on all orders!
Engagement Rings
Wedding Bands
Signature Collection
Ready-to-Ship Gifts
Shop Sparkle
Choose fine jewelry pieces by category.
Exotic Collection
In-Stock Jewelry
Brilliant Savings
Bridal Sets
Necklaces
Best Sellers
Forever One 2.70CTW Round Moissanite Solitaire Engagement Ring in 14K White Gold
Starting At
$1,703.20
1 CTW Round Caydia Lab Grown Diamond Four Prong Solitaire Stud Earrings 14K White Gold
Starting At
$1,335.20
Forever One 2.00CTW Round Moissanite Eternity Band in 14K White Gold
Starting At
$879.20
1 1/2 CTW Round Caydia Lab Grown Diamond Ring 18K Yellow Gold
Starting At
$7,219.00
Forever One 1.50CTW Oval Moissanite East-West Bezel Necklace in 14K Rose Gold
Starting At
$1,095.20
1 5/8 CTW Round Caydia Lab Grown Diamond Mini Hoop Earrings 14K White Gold
Starting At
$1.031.20
Halo Oval Moissanite Engagement Ring 2.69CTW in 14K Yellow Gold
Starting At
$2,124.15
2 7/8 CTW Round Caydia Lab Grown Diamond Four Prong Tennis Bracelet 14K White Gold
Starting At
$2,103.20
Round Moissanite Five Stone Band in 14K Rose 1.15CTW Gold
Starting At
$743.20
Made, not mined.
Stones_Icon
Expertise
As the original creator of moissanite, we've been setting the standards for lab grown gemstones for more than 25 years. With the addition of Caydia, we are a premier provider of fine jewelry set with exquisite created gems.
Quality_Icon
Quality
Our standards are high. We offer the best quality lab grown gemstones set in responsibly sourced precious metals, all at a price that you can afford.
Ethical Icon
Ethical
We pride ourselves on the fact that our stones are made, not mined. With limited environmental and ethical impact, Forever One and Caydia are gemstones you can wear proudly.
Our Gems
Forever One Moissanite
As the world's most brilliant gem®, Forever One™ moissanite outshines all the rest. As unique as you are, Forever One embodies beauty and elegance in its own way. This incredible white gemstone is full of fire and perfect for those who want the highest quality responsibly sourced gemstones at an accessible price.
Learn More
Caydia Lab Grown Diamond
Caydia™, our new, exclusive assortment of premium lab grown diamonds, offers everlasting beauty that reflects your inner glow. These gems are hand selected by our certified gemologists to meet the uncompromising standards of Charles & Colvard and to ensure you get the sparkle you've always dreamed of.
Learn More
Our Story
We’re redefining real.
Charles & Colvard lives by the idea that fine jewelry can be accessible, beautiful and conscientious. We want you to sparkle on your own terms.
Learn More
Our customers share why they made such a brilliant choice!
When I discovered Charles & Colvard and read about moissanite I immediately knew it was the perfect stone for me!
With no unethical human endangerment from mining or ecosystem destruction, I knew that moissanite was something I could be proud of for the rest of my life.
Valerie S.
Charles & Colvard made the process extremely easy and answered all of my questions.
We went over the environmentally friendly benefits of moissanite vs. a diamond, that is mined from the ground, and the fact that you could probably get a larger gem for a better price than a diamond, while still keeping - if not exceeding - the quality.
Jim R.
My princess cut solitaire is absolutely STUNNING.
The fire is unrivaled and the cut/ band are perfection. I couldn't possibly be happier.
Valerie & Daryl
My husband and I chose moissanite from the very beginning.
A beautiful alternative to diamonds and for a fraction of the cost!
Micayla S.
The quality of the Charles and Colvard rings far surpassed the others that I was looking at.
To be honest I was a little nervous ordering something like this online without seeing it in person, but I was blown away by the beauty and quality of the craftsmanship of these rings. It was exactly what I could see on my future bride.
Ryan L.
Get Inspired
Our sparkle in the wild.
Facebook
Insta
twitter
Youtube
Pinterest
Sun 12:00 PM - 6:00 PM ET
Trade Partners
Trade Portal
Authorized Distributors
Wholesale Resources
Where To Buy
Find A Store
Search
Helzberg Diamonds
Macy's
Boscov's
Online Shopping
Subscribe to our emails!
Sign up to receive updates on the latest styles and exclusive offers – right in your inbox!
Thank you for signing up! Be on the lookout for great offers right in your inbox.
By entering your email, you are opting to receive updates from Charles & Colvard and agreeing to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.
*Discount not valid on loose gemstones, Signature Collection, prior purchases or with any other offers. Sale ends 12/24/20 at 11:59pm EST.
Terms of Use Privacy Policy Site Map
©
CHARLES & COLVARD®