http://www.krauthammer.com/en/legal/cookies-statement
Cookie policy for Krauthammer
This is the cookie policy for the Krauthammer website
Introduction
Websites make use of clever and useful techniques to increase the ease of use and ensure the website has a wide appeal. The best known examples of these techniques are cookies and scripts (“cookies”). Cookies may e.g. be used by website owners or third parties such as advertisers who communicate through the website you visit.
The use of cookies is safe. No personal information, such as telephone numbers or email addresses, can be derived from cookies and cookies can therefore not be used for email and telemarketing campaigns.
It is important to us that you know what kind of cookies our website uses and what they are used for, because we want to safeguard your privacy as well as the user-friendliness and financing of our website as much as possible. Below you will read what kind of cookies are used by and on our website and what these cookies are used for.
Please note that the processing of personal data by Krauthammer is set out in our external privacy policy, which you may review here https://www.krauthammer.com/en/legal/privacy-statement.
This cookie policy applies to www.krauthammer.com, the website of Krauthammer as defined below, and was created in cooperation with industry peers and the Dutch regulatory agency ACM. Even though the information about cookies on the website(s) of industry peers is the same as much as possible, the texts themselves have obviously been amended to reflect the actual use of cookies and the exact same text can therefore not be found on each website.
“Krauthammer” consists of:
Krauthammer Investments Holding B.V., The Netherlands
Krauthammer International Netherlands B.V., The Netherlands
Krauthammer Consulting B.V., The Netherlands
Krauthammer International USA Inc., United States of America
Krauthammer International Services N.V., Belgium
Krauthammer International SA, Spain
Krauthammer International Asia Pacific Ltd., Hong Kong
Krauthammer International SARL, France
Krauthammer International GmbH, Germany
Krauthammer Treinamento e Consultoria Ltda, Brazil
Krauthammer Training, Coaching & Consulting (Shanghai) Ltd., Shanghai
Krauthammer International SA, Switzerland
You can read the texts relating to the cookies used by clicking on the following links Necessary
Functional
Statistics
Marketing
Use of cookies by Krauthammer
Cookies allow us to update the count of how often a page is shared when a user forwards or shares one of our web pages on social media sites or with another user. We use cookies to personalize content we send to you and to make our marketing more relevant. More specific, the website uses cookies for the following purposes
To help make the website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website;
To help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously;
To track visitors across our website, to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using the Krauthammer website, you have the choice what kind of information Krauthammer shall collect about your behavior on the website as set out in this internet privacy and cookie policy. If we change our privacy and cookie policy in any way, these changes will be posted on this page.
Cookies that ensure the website works properly
Our website uses these cookies to help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies. These cookies are used:
To allow the visitor to continue his or her session; To allow fast loading of the website;
It recognises that the user has been to that website before and varies the content if applicable
It remembers any preferences e.g. layout or colour schemes that the user set
It remembers any log in details that the user entered so that the user does not need to log into every page
It tracks which pages the user visits to try and keep content useful and interesting
COOKIE NAME                                    PROVIDER                   TYPE               EXPIRY
ASP.NET_SessionId                krauthammer.com                     HTTP               Session
Description: Preserves the visitor's session state across page requests.
Source: Krauthammer
cb-enabled                              krauthammer.com                     HTTP                           264 days
Description: This cookie is used to determine if the visitor has accepted the cookie consent b o x.
Source: https://www.krauthammer.com/Design/js/project.js?v= 20181003
local_storage_support_test                 twitter.com                   HTML               Persistent
Description: The cookie is used in context with the local-storage function in the browser. This function allows the website to load faster by pre-loading certain procedures.
Source: Google
lang                                         ads.linkedin.com                       HTTP               Session
Description: Remembers the user's selected language version of a website
Source: Google
lang                                         linkedin.com                  HTTP               Session
Description: Set by LinkedIn when a webpage contains an embedded "Follow us" panel.
Source: Google
website#lang                           krauthammer.com                     HTTP               Session
Description: Saves the user's preferred language on the website.
Source: Krauthammer
As for cookies placed by third parties we refer to the cookie policies on the websites of these parties: see the links below. You should be aware that these policies may change from time to time. Krauthammer cannot control this.
Twitter              https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/twitter-cookies;
LinkedIN           https://www.linkedin.com/legal/cookie-policy;
Facebook         https://www.facebook.com/policies/cookies/.
Cookies that allow us to track the use of our website
We try to measure continuously which parts of the website are most interesting for our visitors, e.g. by using third party software to analyse the number of visitors of our site and the most popular items. We use cookies for this purpose.
The data we collect is turned into statistics, allowing us insight into the frequency our webpage is visited, where visitors spend most time, etc. This allows us to make the structure, navigation and contents of the website as user-friendly for you as possible. We do not trace back the statistics and other reports to individuals.
Google Analytics
We use google analytics to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited.
This information does not identify visitors or collect any personal details. We do not make any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our websites. We will not associate any data gathered from this site with any personal information from any source. We will make it clear when we collect personal information and will explain what we intend to use it for.
We use these cookies:
To generate statistical data on the use of the website;
To generate statistical data on the visitor’s device and behaviour;
To identify the visitor on repeat visits to the website;
Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously.
COOKIE NAME                                    PROVIDER                   TYPE               EXPIRY
_ga                                          krauthammer.com                     HTTP               2 years
Description: Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.
Source: Google
_gat                                         krauthammer.com                     HTTP               1 day
Description: Used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate
Source: Google
_gid                                         krauthammer.com                     HTTP               1 day
Description: Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.
Source: Google
collect                                     google-analytics.com     Pixel                 Session
Description: Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
Source: Google
SC_ANALYTICS_GLOBAL_COOKIE    krauthammer.com                     HTTP               10 years
Description: Used by Sitecore Engagement Analytics to identify the visitor on repeat visits to the website.
Source: Krauthammer
vuid                                         vimeo.com                    HTTP               2 years
Description: Collects data on the user's visits to the website, such as which pages have been read.
Source: Vimeo
As for cookies placed by third parties we refer to the cookie policies on the websites of these parties: see the links below. You should be aware that these policies may change from time to time. Krauthammer cannot control this.
Google Analytics            https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en;
Vimeo
https://vimeo.com/cookie_policy?vcid=32179.
Cookies to share the contents of our website through social media
You can share the articles and videos you watch on our website on social media using buttons. Social media cookies are placed by social media parties when you want to share an article or video, allowing the social media partners to recognize you.
We use these cookies and they are active only upon Opt in.
Allow logged in users of selected social media to directly share specific content of our website;
Used by social media platforms to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers.
As for cookies placed by social media parties and the data they may collect we refer to the cookie policies on the websites of these parties: see the links below. You should be aware that these policies may change from time to time. Krauthammer.com cannot control this.
Facebook         https://www.facebook.com/policies/cookies/;
Twitter              https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/twitter-cookies;
LinkedIn           https://www.linkedin.com/legal/cookie-policy;
YouTube           https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en.
Cookies to show advertisements
Our website use cookies to show relevant content (our own content) as advertisements to engaged users. Some ads (or video clips) use cookies. We and third parties place these advertisements on our website.
These cookies:
Track the advertisements you have already seen to prevent the same ad from reappearing;
Keep track of the number of visitors clicked on the ad, allowing us to settle with the advertiser;
To allow third parties to deliver ads to the website of Krauthammer;
To re-engage visitors;
To present relevant ads;
If these cookies are not used, you will still see ads on our site. Some ads do not use cookies. These ads can e.g. be based on the contents of the website. This kind of content-dependent advertising can be compared with ads on television. E.g., when you are watching a cooking show on television, the commercial slots will often show ads about cooking products.
See below for a list of cookies we and/or media agencies and advertising networks use in combination with advertisements, the data they collect and how long they last. Advertising networks and media agencies are companies that act as intermediaries between website owners and advertisers.
Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers.
COOKIE NAME                                    PROVIDER                   TYPE               EXPIRY
__widgetsettings                                 twitter.com                    HTML               Persistent
Description: Unclassified
Source: Google
_fbp                                         krauthammer.com                     HTTP               1 day
Description: Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers.
Source: Google
ads/ga-audiences                                google.com                   Pixel                 Session
Description: Used by Google AdWords to re-engage visitors that are likely to convert to customers based on the visitor's online behavior across websites.
Source: Google
bcookie                                               linkedin.com                  HTTP               2 years
Description: Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services.
Source: Google
BizoID                                      ads.linkedin.com                       HTTP               29 days
Description: Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences.
Source: Google
bscookie                                  linkedin.com                  HTTP               2 years
Description: Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn , for tracking the use of embedded services.
Source: Google
fr                                              facebook.com               HTTP               3 months
Description: Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers.
Source: Facebook
lidc                                          linkedin.com                  HTTP               1 day
Description: Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn , for tracking the use of embedded services.
Source: Google
tr                                              facebook.com               Pixel                 Session
Description: Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers.
Source: Facebook
UserMatchHistory                                linkedin.com                  HTTP               29 days
Description: Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the
visitor's preferences.
Source: Google
ldfdr.UA-18673808-28              krauthammer.com                     HTML               Session
Description: Unclassified
Source: Google
As for cookies placed by third parties for advertising purposes we refer to the cookie policies on the websites of these parties: see the links below. You should be aware that these policies may change from time to time. Krauthammer cannot control this.
Facebook         https://www.facebook.com/policies/cookies/;
Twitter              https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/twitter-cookies;
LinkedIn           https://www.linkedin.com/legal/cookie-policy;
YouTube           https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Cookies for behaviour-dependent content delivery of a webpage
We use cookies for to re-engage visitors that are likely to convert to customers based on the visitor's online behaviour across the website.
We use Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
Our goal is to provide the most relevant information possible to our website visitors. That is why we try to tailor our site to each visitor. We not only do so using the contents of our website but also through the ads shown.
To allow us to make these changes, we try to get a picture of your probable interests based on the websites you visit on the Internet without building a personal profile. Based on these interests we tailor the contents and advertisements on our website to various groups of customers. E.g., based on your surfing behaviour you can be included in a specific category, such as ‘man, age category 30 to 45, married with children and interested in soccer’. The content offered to this group will of course be different from the content shown to the category ‘woman, age category 20 to 30, not married and interested in travelling’.
Third parties that place cookies through our website can also try to assess your interests this way. Information about your current website visit can in that case be combined with information of earlier visits to other websites.
If these cookies are not used, this does not mean you will no longer see any ads on our site. In that case, the ads will no longer target your interests.
These cookies are used:
To register your visit to the websites and assess your interests;
To verify whether you clicked on an advertisement;
To pass on information about your surfing behaviour to other websites;
To use the services of third parties to show advertisements to you;
To tailor advertisements to you on the basis of your social media.
As for cookies placed by third parties for advertising purposes we refer to the cookie policies on the websites of these parties: see the links below. You should be aware that these policies may change from time to time. Krauthammer cannot control this.
Other / unforeseen cookies
Because of the way the Internet and websites function, we may not always be aware of cookies placed by third parties through our website. This will especially be the case if our webpages contain so-called embedded elements; these are texts, documents or video clips hosted by another party and shown on, in or through our website.
Please let us know if you come across cookies on this website that fall in this category and we therefore did not mention above. Or contact the third party directly to ask what cookies they use, the reason, how long the cookie lasts and how they safeguard your privacy.
Browser settings
If you do not wish any cookies to be placed on your computer, you can change your browser settings so you will receive a warning before a cookie is placed on your computer.  You can also change the settings so that your browser rejects all cookies or third-party cookies only. You can also remove cookies already placed. Please be aware that these settings have to be changed in each browser and computer you use.
If you do not wish to receive any cookies we can no longer guarantee that our website works correctly. Some of the functions of the website may be disabled or you may even not be able to see some websites at all. Rejecting cookies or enabling the ‘do not track’ feature does not mean you will no longer see ads either, only that the advertisements will no longer match your interests and will be repeated more often.
The way settings can be changed is different in each browser. If necessary, please consult the help function of your browser or click on one of the following icons to go to the manual of your browser directly. You can visit www.youronlinechoices.eu if you wish to disable cookies of specific parties only.
https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated?hl=en_US
Chrome
Firefox
Internet Explorer
Safari
Opera
Final remarks
We will have to change this cookie policy from time to time, e.g. because our website or cookie regulations change. We may change the content of the policy and the cookies included in the lists at all times and without prior warning. The latest version can be found on the cookie statement when are you agreeing to the cookies.
If you still have questions and/or wish to make a comment, please contact privacy@krauthammer.com.
By continuing to use this website or by clicking ‘continue’ you agree to our use of cookies
Please email any questions, concerns or comments you have about this policy to:
Krauthammer Investments Holding B.V.
Corporate & Legal Affairs
Avenue Building, 7th floor
Scorpius 27
2132 LR Hoofddorp
The Netherlands
privacy@krauthammer.com
In-company training
Leadership and ManagementSales excellence
Training portfolio
ManagementSalesCross functional themes
More information
About usClient CasesOur PeopleCareers
Brussels office, Belgium
(+ 32)(0)2 359 96 90
Airport Plaza – Stockholm Building
Leonardo Da Vincilaan 19
B-1831 Diegem
Other offices
Stay in touch
Subscribe to our newsletter
Boost your personal development and go on learning with our hands-on, easily applied articles around leadership and management, sales and personal development. You will receive at most one inspirational email per month from us.
Subscribe to our blog
Explore trends, methods and best practices in learning, people development and programme design to make behavioural change more effective. Get our exclusive posts every two weeks.
Subscribe
Krauthammer - since 1971
Cookie statementPrivacy StatementDisclaimer
Follow us