http://www.wasatchphotonics.com/privacy-statement
Login/Register
Edit Account
Cart
Checkout
GRATINGS +1 435.752.4301
SPECTROMETERS +1 919.544.7785
OCT +1 919.544.7785
Effective Date: May 22, 2018
Wasatch Photonics is committed to maintaining the privacy and security of information about our current, former, and prospective customers. We and our registered agents (distributors & freight forwarders) may collect and retain your personal data in the course of providing you with information, support, or goods related to our product lines, and to engage in related marketing and advertising. This may include website and systems administration, storage and review of various types of communications, and other types of data processing.
We share our privacy practices such that you may better understand how we keep your personal information confidential and secure while using it to provide you with our products and services. For specific information related to privacy during use of our website, see our website use agreement.
Information collected through www.wasatchphotonics.com is maintained by Wasatch Photonics, 1305 North 1000 West, Suite 120, Logan, UT 84321, USA. Wasatch Photonics can be reached through the contact information provided on our Locations page.
What Data We Collect
When you interact with Wasatch Photonics, Wasatch Photonics collects “Personal Data” about you that may identify you personally, either alone or in combination with other information. Information that we collect includes:
Information provided by you through online forms, registering for information, or applying for a job. This may include your name, email or mailing address, other contact details, or other correspondence with us (including emails).
Information collected automatically by your web browser, including but not limited to your Internet Protocol (IP) address, the date and time of your visit, the page that directed you to our site, and the pages you visit.
“Cookies”: A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor’s hard drive. We use cookies to help us improve your access to our site, identify repeat visitors to our site, and to collect other aggregate data. You may change your cookie settings on your internet browser or delete our cookies at any time.
We may also use transparent pixels (e.g. GIF, PNG, etc.) files to help manage marketing efforts by collecting information related to which communications drive traffic to our websites.
How we Use & Share Your Data
Wasatch Photonics may use the personal information we collect through our website for any legitimate and lawful business purpose, such as but not limited to the following:
to provide products, information and services you request;
to provide you with effective customer service, technical support, or troubleshooting;
to improve the content, functionality, performance and usability of our website;
to improve our marketing and promotional efforts; and
for security, credit or fraud prevention purposes.
Wasatch Photonics may use aggregated or anonymized data about our users for internal purposes, if that information does not identify any individual.
Wasatch Photonics may share your information with Wasatch Photonics affiliates for the purposes set forth above. We may also share your information with third parties such as our distributors, freight forwarders, and other entities that perform services on our behalf, such as marketing and website support service providers. We may also disclose personal information when we, in good faith, believe disclosure is appropriate to comply with the law, a court order or a subpoena. We may also disclose personal information in the course of government or criminal investigations, to enforce our online terms of use or other agreements; or to protect our own rights, property, or safety of our ourselves or others.
Other than the specific cases described above, Wasatch Photonics does not provide your personal information to third parties.
Analytics
Wasatch Photonics uses Google Analytics services, which employs cookies to help us understand how you use our website. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on their behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by the company. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, though this may impede the full functionality of our website.
How Long we Keep your Data
Wasatch Photonics will process and store your Personal Data for the duration of our relationship, and as long as necessary to fulfill our contractual and legal obligations, after which we will delete your data. We will also delete your data upon your request or on withdrawal of consent, provided there are no overriding legal requirements for Wasatch Photonics to maintain that information.
Data Storage
Wasatch Photonics servers, databases, and service providers are located in the United States. Some countries including the United States, may provide less legal protection for your personal information than others. If you object to the transfer of your information to the United States, please do not use our website or provide us with your Personal Data.
Additional information for EU-based customers
General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR) in Europe require us to disclose additional information regarding Personal Data collected from European users, and to limit the use of that data to certain circumstances, and only when valid consent has been freely provided and not withdrawn:
When necessary to carry out Wasatch Photonics’ obligations with respect to any contractual agreements between us regarding information, products, or services that you may request;
To process a job application;
To comply with a legal obligation, such as tax and accounting obligations;
To serve the legitimate business interests of Wasatch Photonics, such as:
To provide customer service or technical support;
To provide notices regarding health and safety or applicable regulations;
To improve the content, performance, & security of our website;
To notify you about changes to our business, products, services, or our website; or
To conduct product sales transactions.
Data Subject Rights for EU citizens
European users of this website have the following legal rights in regards to their Personal Data:
The right to request access to Personal Data and whether it is being used;
The right to have Personal Data updated or deleted;
The right to restrict Wasatch Photonics’ use of Personal Data;
The right to have Personal Data transferred to another party;
The right to disable automated decision-making or profiling based on Personal Data;
The right to withdraw consent to collection or use of your Personal Data; and
The right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
Children’s Privacy
Wasatch Photonics’ does not knowingly collect information from children, and does not target its websites to children. If we learn that we have received information from a child under the age of 18, we will delete that information.
Updates to our Privacy Statement
We reserve the right to update our Privacy Statement and effective date at any time by making updates to this page. If we make changes to this Privacy Statement that materially change how we treat your personal data, we will make a reasonable effort to notify you promptly through reasonable means.
Controlling Your Communication & Information
We respect your right to choose your communication preferences and the extent of personal data shared with Wasatch Photonics. As often as possible, we will ask you to indicate your choices at the time we collect your personal information. You may also “opt-out” or update preferences at any time by using the links in our newsletter footers, or by notifying us at info@wasatchphotonics.com.
If you have created an account or a personal profile on one of our websites, you may be able to access and update some or all of your personal information on your account settings or profile page. If you wish to access, update or correct other personal information, we are happy to fulfill those requests provided we are able to verify your identity.
Contact Wasatch Photonics
If you have any questions about this Privacy Statement or our privacy practices, you can reach out to one of our offices, or submit an inquiry online at Contact Us.
Read our website terms of use
Gratings
Spectrometers
OCT
Patents
News & Events
Technical Support
Contact Wasatch Photonics
© 2020 Wasatch Photonics. All rights reserved. Terms and Conditions | Privacy Statement | Sitemap