http://www.angelfire-pyrotechnics.co.uk/privacy-policy/
mail@angelfire-pyrotechnics.co.uk
01392 215 152
Privacy policy
We are Angelfire Pyrotechnics, a company providing Pyrotechnic services to clients in the UK and very occasionally further afield. Full contact details can be found here: http://www.angelfire-pyrotechnics.co.uk/contact/
In compliance with the General Data Protection Regulations, our Privacy Policy provides information on how and why we collect your personal information, what we do with it, and how we keep your information secure.
Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. We may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT FROM YOU
We may collect and process the following data about you:
Information you give us. You may give us information about you by filling in the ‘contact’ form on our site www.angelfire-pyrotechnics.co.uk (our site) or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise. This includes information you provide when you participate in discussion boards or other social media functions on our site, enter a competition, promotion or survey, and when you report a problem with our site. The information you give us may include your name, address, e-mail address and phone number.
WHAT WE DO WITH THE INFORMATION WE GATHER
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Contact you with regards to an enquiry, this will be using either email, telephone, SMS or by leaving an answer phone message.
Internal record keeping;
to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us and to provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us;
to notify you about changes to our service;
We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
HOW WE USE COOKIES
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
Our website may contain links to enable you to visit other websites of interest easily. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
WHERE WE STORE OUR PERSONAL DATA
The data that we collect from you may be processed by staff operating in the UK who work for us or for one of our suppliers. Such staff maybe engaged in, among other things, the fulfilment of your order, the processing of your payment details and the provision of support services. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
All information you provide to us is stored on secure servers.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
CONTROLLING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law.
ACCESS TO INFORMATION
The Act gives you the right to access information held about you. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the Act.  You are entitled to view, amend, or delete the personal information that we hold at any time, simply email your request to: info@angelfire-pyrotechnics.co.uk
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our privacy policy.
The right to complain
If you feel that your rights covered under the Act have been violated, you have the right to complain to the national data protection authority, which is the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) in the UK.
CONTACT
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to info@angelfire-pyrotechnics.co.uk
Updated: 22nd May 2018