https://www.wainwright-filters.com/corporate-and-legal
Corporate & Legal
Corporate
Wainwright Instruments GmbH
Graf-Rasso-Str. 1
82346 Andechs
Germany
Tel: +49 8152 918230
Fax: +49 8152 918255
E-Mail: Info@wainwright-filters.com
Managing Director: Terence Wainwright
The company was founded and is operated under German Law.
Registry of Companies: Amtsgericht München, Abt.B No. 58192
Tax ID Number: DE 128249711
Legal
Content
The contents of this website and the information provided are not binding. We reserve the right to change or withdraw all or part of the information on our website without notice. This includes prices, delivery times and terms. The information provided on this website is prepared and checked carefully. However, we cannot guaranty that this website is completely free of technical, typing or other errors, and we will not be liable for loss or damage – directly or indirectly – that may occur by using our website or the information it contains. All prices and services are based on the Terms & Conditions published on this web site and/or mentioned in the datasheets and quotations.
Copyright
This website and all parts of it is the property of Wainwright Instruments GmbH and is subject to German Copyright laws. Duplicating, editing, publishing or any other use – whether electronically or as printed documents – is not permitted.
External Links
Links to our website require our permission in writing. The responsibility for the contents of such external websites lies entirely with their owners.
Privacy Policy
By visiting our website information such as date, time and page visited may be stored. It is used for statistical purposes. The data is anonymous and does not include personal data.
Jurisdiction
In case of litigation, German Law shall apply. If individual terms or sections mentioned on this page prove to be incorrect or illegal, the remainder of the document shall remain valid.
News
02/14/2020
METOP-SG satellites with Wainwright filters on board
01/15/2019
Joint project EVA5G – RF filters for the 5G mobile communications standard
09/10/2018
Introducing our new website
All News