http://www.sussmanboilers.com/privacy-statement
Products
ES - Electric Steam Boilers
MBA - Electric Steam Boilers
SSB - Stainless Steel Electric Steam Boilers
SVS - Electric Steam Boilers
SVW - Electric Hot Water Boiler
SHE - Steam to Clean Steam Exchangers
SSH - Electric Steam Superheater
Options
Multi-Stage Load Progressive Sequencers
Water Feed Systems
Vacuum Breaker Systems
Automatic Blowdown Systems
Auxiliary Low Water Cutoff
Blowdown Separators
Transformer Selection Guide
Condensate Return Systems
Applications
Sizing
Downloads
Rep Locator
About Us
Corporate Fact Sheet
Main Menu
Products
Applications
Sizing
Downloads
Rep Locator
About Us
Sussman Electric Boilers, a division of Sussman-Automatic Corporation, has the following Privacy Policy, which applies to websites (including without limitation sussmanboilers.com), blogs, emails, text messages and social media accounts.  Your use of or access to this site indicates you have read and understood this Privacy Policy and agree to its terms as well as the Terms and Conditions then in effect.
Sussman Electric Boilers will not sell or disclose any information that identifies you to a third party without your prior approval except as set forth in this Privacy Policy.  Sussman Electric Boilers may use the information that it collects to fulfill purchases and requests for information and to create a more personalized online experience.
1. What information does Sussman Electric Boilers collect from you and for what purpose?
2. Who is collecting your information, and with whom is it shared?
3. What are your choices regarding collection, use, and distribution of your information
4. How do I contact  Sussman Electric Boilers with privacy questions or concerns?
5. Will this Privacy Policy change?
1. What information does Sussman Electric Boilers collect from you, and for what purpose?
Sussman Electric Boilers collects two types of information about its visitors:  personally identifiable information and non-personally identifiable information.  Sussman Electric Boilers’ primary goal in collecting information from you is to provide you with responsive information and to fulfill customer orders for purchases and literature.  Sussman Electric Boilers may use the information to contact you about its products.
Personally Identifiable Information is information that specifically identifies an individual (such as a name, user name or e-mail address), or information about that individual that is directly linked to information that specifically identifies an individual.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information is information that does not by itself identify a specific individual.
Among other things, Sussman Electric Boilers collects information that you provide to us and also gathers certain information about you based upon where and how you use this website.  This information is compiled and analyzed on both a personal and an aggregated basis.
2. Who is collecting your information, and with whom is it shared?
Only Sussman-Automatic Corporation maintains such information.  Personally identifiable information is only knowingly shared with third party logistics provider(s) in order to fulfill purchases made by you and/or to provide information requested by you.  Sussman-Automatic Corporation reserves the right to disclose your information as required by law, and when it believes disclosure is necessary to protect the rights, property or safety of Sussman-Automatic Corporation, its divisions (e.g., Sussman Electric Boilers), our users, our employees, copyright owners, third parties or the public, and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process.  In addition, Sussman-Automatic Corporation reserves the right to disclose non-personally identifiable information and/or aggregated or anonymous information, which may be shared with third parties in the sole discretion of Sussman-Automatic Corporation.
Use of Google Analytics
sussmanboilers.com uses or may in the future use Remarketing with Google Analytics and Google Display Network Impression Reporting to advertise online.  Third-party vendors, including Google, show sussmanboilers.com ads on sites across the Internet.  Sussman Electric Boilers and third-party vendors, including Google, use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) together to inform, optimize, and serve ads based on your past visits to sussmanboilers.com.  In addition, these cookies report to Google and to sussmanboilers.com how the ad impressions, other uses of ad services, and interactions with ad impressions and ad services are related to your visits to sussmanboilers.com.  You can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize Google Display Network ads using the Ads Settings at Google.com  You may also use the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on at Google.com for further preference options.
3. What are your choices regarding collection, use, and distribution of your information?
We may from time to time send you e-mail or other communications regarding current promotions, specials, and new additions to Sussman Electric Boilers.  You may "opt-out," or unsubscribe from our newsletters by sending an e-mail to seb@sussmancorp.com with "unsubscribe" as the subject line.  After doing so, you will not receive future promotional emails unless you open a new account, enter a contest, or sign up to receive newsletters or emails.
The website may contain links to other websites, portals or emails (e.g., those of our Manufacturer Representatives, Manufacturer Authorized Dealers, Authorized Internet Retailers or Authorized “E-Tailers”).  Any personally identifiable information you provide on the linked pages or email accounts is provided directly to that third- party and is subject to that third-party’s privacy policy, if any.  This Privacy Policy does not apply to such linked websites, portals or emails and we are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of same.
Moreover, we are not responsible for the actions of service providers or other third-parties, including without limitation those websites linked to or from our website, nor are we responsible for any additional information you provide directly to any other users or third-parties, and we encourage you to become familiar with third-party privacy practices before disclosing information directly to any such third-parties.
In our discretion, we may take certain commercially reasonable measures to protect your personally identifiable information in an effort to prevent loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction.  However, despite the efforts we may take, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable, and no method of data transmission can guarantee against any interception or any other type of misuse.
In the event of a business transition, such as in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition, or in any other similar situation, users’ personally identifiable information may be disclosed or transferred as one of the business assets of Sussman Electric Boilers or Sussman-Automatic Corporation.
4. How do I Contact Sussman Electric Boilers with privacy questions or concerns?
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of Sussman-Automatic Corporation, or your dealings with Sussman Electric Boilers, please contact us by sending an e-mail to seb@sussmancorp.com.
5. Will this Privacy Policy change?
This Privacy Policy was revised on September 29, 2015.  If Sussman Electric Boilers makes changes to any terms or conditions of the Privacy Policy, the changes will be posted in this document which is always located on sussmanboilers.com.  Sussman Electric Boilers may change, modify, add, or remove portions of this policy at any time in its sole discretion, and any changes will become effective immediately upon being posted unless stated otherwise.
The Sussman Electric Boilers site (sussmanboilers.com) is owned, operated and provided by Sussman-Automatic Corporation.
Copyright 2015 Sussman-Automatic Corporation.  All rights reserved.
Name
Company
Address 1
Address 2
City
State
Zip
Email
Telephone
Fax
KW, BHP or BTU Required
Pounds Per Hour of Steam
Incoming Water Pressure
Desired Operating Pressure
Voltage and Phase Required
Application
Optional Equipment
Motor / Pump
Condensate Return System
Automatic Blowdown
Blowdown Separator
Step Sequencer
Transformer
How Did You Find Us
Google
Yahoo
MSN
Other Search Engine
Thomas Net
Trade Show
Referred by other
Repeat Customer
Trade Magazine/Directory
Classified Ad
Other
Other
Submit