http://www.caffesociety.co.uk/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Close Menu
Home
Categories
Coffee Machines
Coffee
Ingredients
Accessories
Beverage Equipment
Service & Training
Opening A Coffee Shop
More information
Info & Guides
About Us
Our Showrooms
Blog
Coffee Machine Guide
About Our Coffee
Coffee Roasting
Why Buy Our Coffee
Coffee Types
Barista Tips
Contact Us
Account
Log in
Close Menu
JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.
Home
Menu
Info & Guides
About Us
Our Showrooms
Blog
Coffee Machine Guide
About Our Coffee
Coffee Roasting
Why Buy Our Coffee
Coffee Types
Barista Tips
Coffee Recipes
Contact
Log in
Account
Your basket is empty
Menu
Basket
Close Basket
You have no items in your shopping basket.
Checkout
Close
Recently added item(s)
You have no items in your shopping basket.
Continue Shopping Basket/Checkout
Have a question? Call us now on 01977 687 580
01977 687 580
Spend
£75 (Ex-Vat) to get free delivery*
coffee machines, beans & everything in-between
Search
Call us today on 01977 687580
Coffee Machines
Machine Types
Espresso Machines
Bean To Cup Coffee Machines
Office Coffee Machines
Filter Coffee Machines
Bulk Brew Coffee Machines
Reconditioned Coffee Machines
Coffee Brewing Equipment
Add-ons
Coffee Grinders
Coffee Machine Stands
Coffee Machine Accessories
Brands
Shop By Brand
Need help choosing a machine? Click here
Coffee
Coffee Type
Coffee Beans
Ground Coffee
Coffee Pods & Capsules
Freeze Dried Coffee
Certification
Fairtrade
Rainforest Alliance
Organic Coffee
Marketing
Point Of Sale
Save up to 20% on the cafe range
Ingredients
Beverage
Tea
Hot Chocolate
Smoothies
Frappes
Milkshakes
Vending Products
Flavourings & Toppings
Milk & Cream Products
Sugar & Sweeteners
Syrups
Sauces
Toppings
Snacks
Biscuits
Chocolates
Featured Brands
Sweetbird
Twinings Tea
Dinkum
Save up to 20% on the cafe range
Accessories
Takeaway
Takeaway Coffee Cups & Lids
Clear Cups & Lids
Bags
Napkins
Straws & Stirrers
Trays & Clutches
Tableware
Cups & Saucers
Glasses
Spoons
Tools & Cleaning
Barista Tools
Cleaning Chemicals
Water Filters
Save up to 20% on the cafe range
Beverage Equipment
Hot Beverage
Water Boilers
Coffee Brewing Equipment
Cold Beverage
Milkshake Machines
Milk Coolers
Services & Training
Maintenance
Coffee Machine Service
Coffee Machine Repair
How to avoid calling us out
Training
Barista Training
Barista Tips
Opening A Coffee Shop
Home
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions of Website Use
Terms and Conditions of Sale
Privacy Policy
Acceptable Use Policy
Cookie Policy
Jump to one of our other policy pages
Terms and Conditions of Website Use
Terms and Conditions of Sale
Privacy Policy
Acceptable Use Policy
Cookie Policy
DATA PRIVACY NOTICE
This is the privacy notice of The Brew Group Ltd t/a Caffe Society.
We respect your privacy and are determined to protect your personal data. The purpose of this privacy notice is to
inform you as to how we look after your personal data when you visit our website (regardless of where you visit it from).
We’ll also tell you about your privacy rights and how the data protection law protects you.
This privacy notice is provided in a layered format so you can click through to the specific areas set out below.
Alternatively you can download a pdf version of the policy here.
WHO WE ARE AND IMPORTANT INFORMATION
THE PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
HOW WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL DATA
HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
WHO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA WITH
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
DATA SECURITY
DATA RETENTION
YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS
CHANGES TO THIS NOTICE AND YOUR DUTY TO INFORM US OF CHANGES
QUERIES, REQUESTS OR CONCERNS
1. WHO WE ARE AND IMPORTANT INFORMATION
What is the purpose of this privacy notice?
This privacy notice aims to give you information on how we collect and process your personal data through your use of this website,
including any data you may provide through this website when you sign up or make a purchase.
This website is not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect data relating to children.
You must read this privacy notice together with any other privacy notice we may provide on specific occasions when
we are collecting or processing personal data about you so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your data.
This privacy notice supplements the other notices and is not intended to override them.
Data controller(s)
The Brew Group Ltd t/a Caffe Society is the controller and responsible for your personal data (collectively referred to as "company", "we", "us" or "our" in this privacy notice).
Our contact details are:
Tornado House,
Moxon Way,
Sherburn in Elmet,
LS25 6FB.
info@caffesociety.co.uk
01977 687580
For all data matters contact our data representative on 01977 687580.
Third-party links outside of our control
This website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or
enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these
third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements.
When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy notice of every website you visit
2. THE PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be
identified. You can find out more about personal data from the Information Commissioners Office.
We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you which we have grouped together as follows:
Identity Data includes first name/last name/ username/marital status/ title/date of birth/gender.
Contact Data includes billing address/delivery address/email address/ telephone numbers.
We also collect, use and share Aggregated Data such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose.
Aggregated Data may be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data
in law as this data does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity.
For example, we may aggregate your Usage Data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific website
feature. However, if we combine or connect Aggregated Data with your personal data so that it can directly or
indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this privacy notice.
We do not collect any Special Categories of Personal Data about you (this includes details about your race or
ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership,
information about your health and genetic and biometric data). Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.
If you fail to provide personal data
Where we need to collect your personal data by law, or under the terms of a contract we have with you and you fail to provide
that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you
(for example, to provide you with goods or services). In this case, we may have to cancel a product or service you
have with us but we will notify you if this is the case at the time.
3. HOW WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We use different methods to collect data from and about you for example:
Directly. You may give us your Identity, Contact and Financial Data by filling in forms or by corresponding
with us by post, phone, email or otherwise. This includes personal data you provide when you:
Apply for our products or services;
Create an account on our website;
Subscribe to our service or publications;
Request marketing to be sent to you.
4. HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:
Performance of Contract this means processing your data where it is necessary for the performance of a
contract to which you are a party or to take steps at your request before entering into such a contract.
Legitimate Interest this means the interest of our business in conducting and managing our
business to enable us to give you the best service/product and the most secure experience. We make sure we consider and
balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative) and your rights before we process your personal data
for our legitimate interests. We do not use your personal data for activities where our interests are overridden by
the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law).
Comply with a legal or regulatory obligation this means processing your personal data where it is
necessary for compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation that we are subject to.
Generally we do not rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your personal data other than in relation to
sending marketing communications to you via email. You have the right to withdraw consent to marketing at any
time by contacting us on 01977 687580 or optout@caffesociety.co.uk
PURPOSES FOR WHICH WE WILL USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We have set out below, in a table format, a description of all the ways we plan to use your personal data, with the legal bases we rely on to do so.
Note that we may process your personal data for more than one lawful ground depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your data.
Please contact our data representative if you need details about the specific legal ground we are relying on
to process your personal data where more than one ground has been set out in the table below.
Purpose/Activity
Type of Data
Lawful basis for processing including basis of legitimate interest
To register you as a new customer
(a) Identity(b) Contact
Performance of a contract with you
Send you information on other products and services we think may be of interest to you
(b) Contact
Consent
To provide you with a quote, process your orders and manage your account
(a) Identity(b) Contact
Performance of a contract with you
Marketing
We strive to provide you with choices regarding certain personal data uses, particularly around marketing and advertising.
Promotional offers from us
We may use your Identity, Contact, Technical, Usage and Profile Data to form a view on what we think you may want or need,
or what may be of interest to you. This is how we decide which products, services and offers may be relevant for you.
You will receive marketing communications from us if you have requested information from us or purchased goods or services
from us and, in each case, you have not opted out of receiving that marketing.
Third-party marketing
We will get your express opt-in consent before we share your personal data with any company for marketing purposes.
Opting In
You can ask us or third parties to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by logging into the website and checking
or unchecking relevant boxes to adjust your marketing preferences or by following the opt-out links on any marketing message
sent to you or by emailing optout@caffesociety.co.uk at any time.
Where you opt out of receiving these marketing messages, this will not apply to personal data provided to us as a result
of a product/service purchase, warranty registration or other transactions.
Cookies
You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies.
If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this website may become inaccessible or not function properly.
For more information about the cookies we use, please see here
Change of purpose
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we
need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose.
If you wish to get an explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose,
please contact our data representative on 01977 687580.
If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
Please note that we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law.
5. WHO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA WITH
We may have to share your personal data with the parties set out below for the purposes set out in the table in paragraph 4 above.
External Third Parties, for example:
Couriers, service engineers, suppliers and lease companies/credit reference agencies based in the United Kingdom acting as processors who provide service and administration services.
Professional advisers acting as processors including lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers based in the United Kingdom who provide consultancy, banking, legal, insurance and accounting services.
HM Revenue & Customs, regulators and other authorities acting as processors based in the United Kingdom who require reporting of processing activities in certain circumstances.
Third parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or our assets. Alternatively, we may seek to
acquire other businesses or merge with them. If a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use your personal data
in the same way as set out in this privacy notice.
Our website may also use a website recording service which may record mouse clicks, mouse movements, page scrolling and any text
keyed into the search form. Data collected by this service is anonymous and is used to improve our website usability.
The information collected is stored and is used for aggregated and statistical reporting, and is never shared with anybody else.
We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow our
third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for
specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
6. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
We do not transfer your personal data outside the European Economic Area (EEA).
7. DATA SECURITY
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in
an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors
and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a
duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
8. DATA RETENTION
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity
of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data,
the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
By law we have to keep basic information about our customers including contact, identity, financial and transaction data for 10 years after they cease being customers for tax purposes.
In some circumstances you can ask us to delete your data: see Your legal rights below for further information.
In some circumstances we may anonymise your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or
statistical purposes in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
9. YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS
Unless subject to an exemption under the data protection laws, you have the following rights with respect to your personal data:
The right to request a copy of the personal data which we hold about you;
The right to request that we correct any personal data if it is found to be inaccurate or out of date;
The right to request your personal data is erased where it is no longer necessary to retain such data;
The right to withdraw your consent to the processing at any time, where consent was the lawful basis for processing your data;
The right to request that we provide you with your personal data and where possible, to transmit that data
directly to another data controller, (known as the right to data portability), where applicable i.e.
where our processing is based on consent or is necessary for the performance of our contract with you
or where we process your data by automated means;
The right, where there is a dispute in relation to the accuracy or processing of your personal data, to request a restriction is placed on further processing;
The right to object to our processing of personal data, where applicable i.e. where processing is based on our legitimate interests
(or in performance of a task in the public interest/exercise of official authority); direct marketing or
processing for the purposes of scientific/historical research and statistics).
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact our data representative on 01977 687580.
No fee required – with some exceptions
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights).
However, we may charge a reasonable admin fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive.
Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
What we may need from you
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your
personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to
any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to
your request to speed up our response.
Time limit to respond
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your
request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
10. CHANGES TO THIS NOTICE AND YOUR DUTY TO INFORM US OF CHANGES
This version was last updated in May 2018.
Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us. It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current.
11. QUERIES, REQUESTS OR CONCERNS
If this does not resolve your complaint to your satisfaction, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the
Information Commissioners Office on 03031231113 or via email https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/email/
or at the Information Commissioner's Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire, SK9 5AF, England, UK.
Call us today on 01977 687580
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience. By using our site, you agree to allow us to use cookies, in accordance with our Cookie policy and Privacy Policy.
Got it!
Sign up for our latest deals and offers!
Sign up for our latest deals and offers!
Privacy Policy
Get Deals
Help
My Account
Contact Us
Machine Chooser
Ingredients Brochure
How to Find Us
Finance Options
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Environmental Policy
Delivery *
Our Customers
How to Find Us
Caffe Society
Tornado House
Moxon Way
Sherburn In Elmet
Leeds
LS25 6FB
Find us on a map
Tel: 01977 687 580
Latest Blog Post
COVID-19 Update from the Caffe Society team
In light of the latest advice from the UK Government and the recommendation to avoid all but essential travel, we want to advise you that we are still here to help customers wherever possible. We are ...
Read More
18 Mar 2020
© 2003 - 2020 | The Brew Group Ltd T/A Caffe Society
Company Number: 04227424