http://www.constructionclub.com/privacy.htm
Construction Club Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This statement
discloses the privacy practices for the Construction Club web site.
Because Construction Club is committed to
protecting your privacy, it has agreed to disclose its information
practices and agrees to notify you of:
What personally identifiable
information of yours is collected from you through the web site
The organization collecting the
information
How the information is used
With whom the information may be
shared
What choices are available to you
regarding collection, use and distribution of the information
The kind of security procedures that
are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information
under Construction Club's control
How you can correct any inaccuracies
in the information.
If you have any concerns about this
statement, please contact us
To return to the site, please use your
browser's "Back" button.
Information Collection and Use
Construction Club is the sole owner of
the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent
this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in
this statement. Construction Club collects information from our users at
several different points on our web site.
Membership Registration
In order to use this web site, a user
must first complete the membership registration form. During registration
a user is required to give their contact information (such as name,
address, phone number, zip code, and e-mail address). This information is
used to contact the user about the services on our site for which they
have expressed interest. We may also ask for other identifying information
that may act as a temporary password upon initial log in to the web site.
This information is used during the activation process for establishing
the user's identity.
Order
We request information from the user on
our order form. Here a user must provide contact information (like name
and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number,
expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to
fill customers' orders. If we have trouble processing an order, this
contact information is used to get in touch with the user.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the
user's hard drive containing information about the user. Usage of a cookie
is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on
our site. Once the user closes their browser, the cookie simply
terminates. For instance, by setting a cookie on our site, the user would
not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on
our site. If a user rejects the cookie, they may still use our site.
Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users
to enhance the experience on our site.
Aggregate Statistical Data
We may collect aggregate personal profile data regarding our members.
This is used to analyze trends, administer the site, and gather broad
demographic information for aggregate use. This data is not linked to
personally identifiable information such as name or email address. For
example, we may use this data to determine that a certain percentage of
purchases for a specific product were female.
Sharing
We will share aggregated demographic information with our partners and
advertisers. This is not linked to any personal information that can
identify any individual person.  We use an outside shipping company to ship orders, and a credit card
processing company to bill users for goods and services. These companies
do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for
any secondary purposes.  We partner with other parties to provide specific services. When the
user signs up for these services, we will share names, or other contact
information that is necessary for the third party to provide these
services.  These parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable
information except for the purpose of providing these services.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that
ConstructionClub.com is not responsible for the privacy practices of such
other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site
and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that
collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement
applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
Newsletter
If a user wishes to subscribe to our newsletter, we ask for contact
information such as name and email address. The newsletter will always
include an option to unsubscribe to that service.
Surveys & Contests
From time-to-time our site requests information from users via surveys
or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely
voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose
this information. Information requested may include contact information
(such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as
zip code, age level). Contact information will be used to notify the
winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of
monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
Security
This website takes every precaution to protect our users' information.
When users submit sensitive information via the website, your information
is protected both online and off-line.
When our registration/order form asks users to enter sensitive
information (such as credit card number and/or social security number),
that information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption
software in the industry - SSL. While on a secure page, such as our order
form, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Netscape
Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked, as opposed to
un-locked, or open, when you are just surfing.
While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we
also do everything in our power to protect user-information off-line. All
of our users' information, not just the sensitive information mentioned
above, is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the
information to perform a specific job (for example, our billing clerk or a
customer service representative) are granted access to personally
identifiable information. Finally, the servers that we store personally
identifiable information on are kept in a secure locked environment.
Supplementation of Information
In order for this website to properly fulfill its obligation to our
customers, it is sometimes necessary for us to supplement the information
we receive with information from 3rd party sources.  For example, to determine if our customers qualify for one of our
credit cards, we use their name and social security number to request a
credit report. Once we determine a user's credit-worthiness, this document
is destroyed.
Special Offers
We send all new members a welcoming email to verify password and
username. Established members will occasionally receive information on
products, services, special deals, and a newsletter. Out of respect for
the privacy of our users, we present the option to not receive these types
of communications. Please see our choice and opt-out below.
Site and Service Updates
We also send the user site and service announcement updates. Members
are not able to un-subscribe from service announcements, which contain
important information about the service. We communicate with the user to
provide requested services and in regards to issues relating to their
account via email or phone.
Correction/Updating Personal Information:
To change, correct or update your personally identifiable information
(such as your zip code),  click on "Your Account" and
select "Update Preferences". When all the information is
correct, click on "Submit". Your changes will take effect
immediately.
Choice/Opt-out
Our users are given the opportunity to opt-out of having their
information used for purposes not directly related to our site at the
point where we ask for the information. For example, our order form has an
opt-out mechanism so users who buy a product from us, but don't want any
marketing material, can keep their email address off of our lists.
Users who no longer wish to receive our newsletter or promotional
materials from our partners may opt-out of receiving these communications
by replying to unsubscribe in the subject line in the email or by clicking
on "Your Account" and select "Update Preferences".
There will be a selection for receiving email and newsletters. Select
"No" and then select "Submit". Your changes will take
effect immediately. If you wish to opt out of your Construction Club
membership, please email us, and one of our customer service representatives will be happy to assist
you.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post a notice on our
home page so our users are always aware of what information we collect,
how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a
manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will
notify users by way of an e-mail.  Users will have a choice as to
whether or not we use their information in this different manner. We will
use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the
information was collected.