https://www.salonfurniture.com/cookie-policy.html
ACCOUNT CONTACT MY CART
Home/ Cookie Policy
Cookie Policy
Effective: 09-24-2018
SalonFurniture.com understands that your privacy is important to you and is committed to being transparent about the technologies we use.  This Cookie Policy explains how and why cookies, web beacons, pixels, clear gifs, and other similar technologies (collectively “Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies”) may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit our site. This Cookie Policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our site, you agree that we can store and access Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies as described in this Cookie Policy.
How does our site use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
SalonFurniture.com uses Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences, and to track your use of our Sites.
We also use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies to control access to certain content on our site, to remember and process the items in your shopping cart, protect our site, and to process any requests that you make of us.
To administer our site and for research purposes, SalonFurniture.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyze statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us to improve the user experience, manage our site content, and analyze how users navigate and utilize the site.
However, to the extent that any cookie can uniquely identify a computer, mobile device, or tablet (“Device”), or the person using that Device, and you are a EU resident, under the GDPR, this is personal data.  Therefore, our privacy policy shall apply to such personal data collected by SalonFurniture.com.
First and Third-party Cookies
“First party Cookies” are cookies that belong to SalonFurniture.com and that SalonFurniture.com places on your device. “Third-party Cookies” are cookies that another party places on your device through our site. For instance, SalonFurniture.com may contract with third-party service providers to send e-mails to users who have provided us with their contact information. To help measure and improve the effectiveness of our e-mail communications, and/or to determine whether messages have been opened and links clicked on, the third-party service providers may place Cookies on the devices of these users.
For more information on how these companies collect and use information on our behalf, please refer to their privacy policies as indicated below.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies. We use persistent Cookies to improve your experience of using our site. This includes recording your acceptance of our Cookie Policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you use our site.
Session Cookies. Session Cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session Cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
Our Cookies are used for the following purposes:
Strictly Necessary/ Technical
These Cookies are necessary to allow us to operate our site so you may access it as you have requested. These Cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged into that account to access certain site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our site.
Analytical/ Performance
These Cookies are used by us or third-party service providers to analyze how the site is being used and how it is performing. For example, these Cookies track what pages are most frequently visited, and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with our site, these Cookies may be correlated to you. These Cookies include, for example, Google Analytics cookies.
Functionality
These Cookies let us operate this site in accordance with the choices you make. These Cookies permit us to "remember" you in-between visits, and upon your return. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember what you stored in your shopping cart on a previous visit so that we can remind you to checkout.
Third-Party Advertising
These Cookies collect information about your activities on our site to provide you targeted advertising. The third-party service providers that generate these Cookies, such as Active Campaign, Constant Contacts, MailChimp, Google, and Facebook, have their own privacy policies, and may use their Cookies to target advertising to you on other websites, based on your visit to our site.
Controlling the Use of Cookies
If you would like to control the use of cookies on our site, you have several options.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our site, nor place a successful order with us. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse Cookies, our system will issue Cookies when you direct your browser to our site.
The data collected by our site and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will not be kept for longer than one year.
Cookie Warning and Opt Out
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, and/or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser's Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
Google Chrome
Internet Explorer
Mozilla Firefox
Safari (Desktop)
Safari (Mobile)
Android Browser
Opera
Opera Mobile
For other browsers, please consult the documentation that your browser manufacturer provides.
Contacting Us
If there are questions regarding this cookie policy, you may contact our Data Protection Officer using the information below.
Bob Rosenburg
c/o Design X Manufacturing, Inc
83 Spencer Plain Road, Old Saybrook, CT 06475
800-345-2924
privacy@salonfurniture.com
Last Edited on 09-24-2018
Categories
Design Collections Reception Desks Reception Seating Retail Displays Design X Pedicure Spa Chairs and Benches Manicure Tables Shampoo Wash Units Shampoo Cabinets Styling Chairs Styling Stations Barber Chairs Dryer Chairs Dryers & Processors Stools & Task Chairs Visuals & Accessories Sinks Parts Make Up Stations Cabinets & Storage Dispenary Cabinet Sets Spa & Treatment Chairs Kids Equipment X-PRESS Reception Furniture X-PRESS Styling Chairs and Barber Chairs X-PRESS Shampoo Furniture X-PRESS Manicure and Pedicure Furniture X-PRESS Styling Stations X-PRESS Barstools and Seating Clearance Face Shields
LINKS×
Home
Contact Us
Visit Our Showroom
FAQ
Shipping Policies
Privacy Policies
Cookie Policy