https://www.treatedwood.com/privacy-statement
HomePRIVACY STATEMENT
Privacy Statement
Viance Values Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. This Online Privacy Policy explains how Viance, LLC protects your privacy when you visit this website and/or any websites affiliated with Viance, LLC a.k.a. www.treatedwood.com that displays this Privacy Policy. This policy applies to “Personal Information,” that identifies you, either alone or in combination with other information available to us. By accessing or using this Site, you are consenting to the collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Information as set forth in this Online Privacy Policy and consent to the Terms of Use section of this Privacy Policy. If you do not wish to consent please exit and do not use this website. This Online Privacy Policy describes what types of information we gather and track when you use our website(s), how this information is used and with whom it is shared. If you have any questions about this Online Privacy Policy, please contact us.
What Information We Collect
If permitted by applicable law, we may collect the following information:
Information You Provide. We collect the personal information you knowingly provide by completing an online form, registering for information or services, applying for a job, or otherwise send to us. For example, if you sign up to receive e-mail communications from one of our businesses, we collect your e-mail address and any related information you provide. If you communicate with us using the “Contact Us” feature, we collect the information you provide when you complete the “Contact Us” form.
Information Sent to Us by Your Web Browser. We collect information that is sent to us automatically by your web browser. This information typically includes your Internet Protocol (IP) address, the identity of your internet service provider, the name and version of your operating system and browser, the date and time of your visit, the page that linked you to Viance, LLC, and the pages you visit.
Cookies and Other Technologies. Viance, LLC may use “cookie” technology on this website. A cookie contains information that is sent by a website and stored in your hard drive or temporary memory. You may change your cookie settings on your internet browser or delete our cookies at any time. We may use cookies to save your preferences for our websites or to collect statistics related to the number of visitors to our websites and requests for files, the types of browsers used, and other aggregate data. Viance, LLC may also use transparent pixels (e.g. GIF, PNG, etc.) files to help manage online advertising by collecting information related to which advertisements drive traffic to our websites.
Analytics. This website uses web analytics services. These analytics services use “cookies” to help the website analyze how users use the site. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the use of cookies.
Ad Remarketing. This website uses remarketing services and possibly other services to advertise on third party websites (including Google or Facebook) to previous visitors to our site. It could mean that we advertise to previous visitors who have viewed information on our products or resources available. Third-party vendors, like Google, use cookies to serve ads based on someone’s past visits to the Viance, LLC website. Of course, any data collected will be used in accordance with our own privacy policy, as well as the privacy policies of the remarketing services themselves.
How We May Use and Share Your Personal Information
If permitted by applicable law, we may use the personal information we collect through our website:
to provide products, information and services you request;to provide you with effective customer service;to improve the content, functionality, performance and usability of our website;to improve our marketing and promotional efforts;to provide technical support and troubleshooting; andfor security, credit or fraud prevention purposes;for any other purpose identified in an applicable privacy statement or other agreement you have with Viance, LLC.
If permitted by applicable law, we may share your information as described below:
Our Service ProvidersWe may share your personal information with companies or organizations, including subsidiaries, affiliates, and other entities that perform services on our behalf, such as website support service providers and CEU providers. In each case, such third parties are required to use adequate privacy protections and may use the information only for providing services to you and/or Viance.
Business Transactions and TransfersViance or one of its’ parent companies may buy, sell, form, or otherwise reorganize one or more of its businesses or sell stock or assets, for example, as the result of a sale, merger, reorganization or liquidation. A transaction of this type may involve the disclosure of your information to prospective purchasers or partners who have signed a confidentiality agreement with Viance, LLC.
Compliance with Laws & the Protection of Our Rights & Others We may disclose personal information when we, in good faith, believe disclosure is appropriate to comply with the law, a court order or a subpoena. We may also disclose personal information to cooperate with a government investigation; to prevent or investigate a possible crime, such as fraud or identity theft; to enforce or apply our online terms of use or other agreements; or to protect our own rights or property or the rights, property or safety of our users or others.
We will use your personal information to send product or promotional advertising that you have agreed to receive via email signup. Other than the purposes described above, Viance, LLC does not provide or sell your personal information to third-parties.
Location of Information
Viance, LLC corporate headquarters is in the United States. Our servers, databases, and service providers are all in the United States as well; however, you may be contacting our website from another country. By using this site, you are consenting to the collection, use and transfer of your personal information within and/or to the United States from the United States or other countries for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
Use of Special Features or Areas of Our Website
Some of our website(s) include special features, such as surveys, licensed content; or password protected areas, such as a customer’s-only area or a careers area. This Online Privacy Policy may be supplemented or amended from time to time by privacy statements that are specific to individual sections of our website(s). Generally, these statements provide details about the personal information we collect or do not collect on in those areas of the website, why we need that information, and choices you may have about the use of that information. In such cases, you will be asked to expressly consent to the special terms, for example, by checking a box or clicking on a button marked “I agree.” If any of the terms of a click-through agreement or another agreement between you and Viance, LLC are different than the terms of this Online Privacy Policy, the terms of that agreement will govern over this Online Privacy Policy.
Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect information from children to sell or promote our products or services. Visitors must be 18 years of age or older to submit registration, email subscription or survey information.
Security
We take commercially reasonable precautions to protect the confidentiality, integrity and security of your personal information. We urge users to be careful with personal information while using the Internet.
SSL Protection
Some password-protected areas of our website, require that a secure connection between your computer and our server be established. We use an encryption technology called Secure Socket Layers (SSL). A secure connection is maintained until you leave the secure area of the site. Although we use SSL encryption to safeguard the confidentiality of personal information as it travels over the Internet, “perfect security” does not exist on the Internet and we cannot guarantee the safety of transmitting personal information over the Internet.
Password Protection
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your passwords. We have the right to assume that anyone accessing one of our websites using a password assigned to you has the right to do so. You will be solely responsible for the activities of anyone accessing our website using a password assigned to you, even if the individual is not, in fact authorized by you. If you have reason to believe that your password has been compromised or used without authorization, you must promptly change it using the functionality provided on the site.
External Links
Some of our websites may contain links to other websites on the Internet that are not under the control of or maintained by Viance, LLC. Such links do not constitute an endorsement by Viance, LLC of those websites, the content displayed, or the persons or entities associated with them. By visiting a linked website from a Viance, LLC website, you acknowledge that Viance, LLC is providing these links to you only as a convenience and you agree that Viance, LLC is not responsible for the content of such websites. External sites are governed by their own terms and policies and are not governed by Viance, LLC’s Online Privacy Policy, Terms of Use, Accessibility Statement, or other terms and policies.
Changes to This Online Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to modify this Online Privacy Policy and related business practices at any time by posting updated text on this site and updated effective date at the bottom of this page. As we add new features and functionality to our websites or Viance, LLC policies or applicable laws evolve, we may need to update or revise this Online Privacy Policy. Your use of one of our websites following any such change constitutes your consent to the terms of the revised Online Privacy Policy. For this reason, it is important for you to review this Online Privacy Policy regularly.
Your Choices
We respect your right to make choices about the ways we collect, use and disclose your personal information. In some cases, we will ask you to indicate your choices at the time we collect your personal information. If you receive email or marketing communications, you may “opt-out” of receiving e-mail and other communications from us at any time by using the unsubscribe feature included in the emails we send. If you are a customer of Viance, LLC products, we reserve the right to contact you with information regarding health and safety, applicable regulations, or stewardship of our product.
Access, Update or Correct Your Personal Information
If you have created an account or a personal profile on one of our websites, you should be able to access and update some or all your personal information on your account settings or profile page. If you are having trouble accessing your information to update or correct other personal information, please contact us. We will contact you and may ask you for additional information to verify your identity. In most cases, we will update information as requested. In some cases; however, we may limit or deny your request if permitted or required by law or if we are unable to verify your identity.
The California Transparency in Supply Chains Act
In order to be fully transparent and compliant with California law we offer you a complete resource guide in regards to disclosure to the “California Transparency Act.”
Terms of Use
NOTICE: Although the information and recommendations at this Internet Web site (hereinafter “Information”) are presented in good faith and believed to be correct, Viance, LLC makes no representations or warranties as to the completeness or accuracy of Information. Information is supplied upon the condition that the persons receiving same will make their own determination as to its suitability for their purposes prior to use. In no event will Viance, LLC be responsible for damages of any nature whatsoever resulting from the use of or reliance upon Information or the product to which Information refers.
Nothing contained herein is to be construed as a recommendation to use any product, process, equipment or formulation in conflict with any patent, and Viance, LLC makes no representation or warranty, express or implied, that the use thereof will not infringe any patent. External sites are governed by their own terms and policies and are not governed by Viance, LLC’s privacy policy, website terms of use, accessibility statement, or other terms and policies.
Contact Viance, LLC
If you have any questions about this Online Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, please contact us.
Effective Date: March 27, 2018
Need a Contractor?
Find a contractor for your upcoming project.
See contractors
Where to Buy?
Find where you can buy all Viance products
Where to Buy
PRODUCTSPRODUCTSPRODUCT SPECSECOLIFESEVERE WEATHER DECKING & NARROWSPRESERVE CA & ACQD-BLAZE FRTWDESIGNWOODULTRAPOLE NXT & ULTRAARM NXTTIMBERSAVER BORATESUPATIMBER CCAPRODUCT WARRANTIES
UTILITIES
PROS
HOMEOWNERS/DIYERSHOMEOWNERS/DIYERSSHOULD I HIRE A PRO?DO IT FOR MENEED A CONTRACTOR?CONTRACTS, PRICING AND WARRANTIESLEARN ABOUT TREATED WOOD
TREATERSTREATERSPRODUCT RESOURCES
RETAILERS
ARCHITECTS
CODE OFFICIALS
ABOUT USABOUT USASK THE EXPERTSHISTORY OF INNOVATIONMANAGEMENT TEAMCAREERS
VIANCE NEWSVIANCE NEWSWOOD CHAT BLOG
WHERE TO BUY?