http://www.yamatake.co.jp/privacypolicy.html
Global
English
Japanese
English
Chinese
About the azbil Group
About the azbil Group
Azbil Corporation Info
Philosophy / Symbol / Policies
CSR efforts
Contribution to the Environment
Research & Development
Production
Safety and Dependability of Products and Services
Procurement
Exhibitions & Seminars
Public Relations
Certifications
Business Profile
Company Overview
Products
Products
Products and Services for Building Automation
Building Automation & Controls
Building Management System
Direct Digital Controllers
Sensors
Valves and Actuators
User Terminals
Solutions & Services
Cost reduction
Increase tenants’ satisfaction
Optimize building facility performance
CSR Activities
Market-specific Solutions
Pharmaceutical factory
Laboratory
Document Download
Case studies
Contact us
Products and Services for Factories and Plants
Products
Industrial Automation Control and Monitoring Systems and Software
Pressure Transmitters
Flowmeters
Level Transmitters
Temperature Transmitters/ Thermal Sensors/ Humidity Sensors
Analyzers
Communicators
Control Valves and Actuators
Controllers (Temperature Controllers) / Recorders / Communication Gateways
Combustion Safety and Control Systems
Switches and Sensors
Diagnosis of Factory and Plant Equipment
Discontinued products for factories and plants
Support and Training
Maintenance Support
Life Cycle Support
Energy-Saving Program for Factories and Plants
Equipment Diagnosis Support for Factories and Plants
Advanced Automation Company Training Center
Solutions for Factory and Plant Problems
Valve Solutions - A Fusion of Tradition and Innovation
Operation Management
Energy Management
Facility Asset Management
Safety Management
Industries
Oil Refining and Petrochemical
Chemicals
Semiconductors
Food and Beverage
Pharmaceutical and Medical Supply
Maritime
Iron and Steel
Electric Power and Gas
Water and Sewerage
Automotive
Electrical and Electronic
Paper and Pulp
Sugar
Document Download
Case studies
Contact us
Solutions for Pharmaceutical Production
Solutions for Pharmaceutical Production
Inquiry form
Case Studies
Case Studies
Building Solution Cases
Industrial Automation Cases
Listed by Product
Listed by Company
Investor Relations
Investor Relations
Management Policies
Financial Information
IR Library
Stock and Bond Information
IR News
IR Calendar
Press Release
azbil Group
azbil Group
Group Profile
azbil Group Companies
Contact Us
HOME > Azbil Corporation Privacy Policy for the Protection of Personal Information
Azbil Corporation Privacy Policy for the Protection of Personal Information
Basic Principles
At Azbil Corporation we respect the privacy of personal data — that is, names, addresses, phone numbers and other information that can serve to identify an individual — and we fully appreciate the necessity for appropriate protection and management of such information. We therefore endeavor to protect personal data, in accordance with the following principles:
We comply with the Act on the Protection of Personal Information and the related laws and regulations, and educate and train employees to handle personal information properly.
We take due care when acquiring personal data.
We take safety control measures to protect personal information from unauthorized access, data destruction, data falsification, data leaks, and any other risks.
We continue to work to protect personal information and we take measures for improvement.
Customers’ Personal Information
We use personal information provided by customers only for purposes notified when acquiring such information.
We do not provide or disclose customers’ personal information to any third party except when
The individual in question gives his/her consent; or
The law requires or sanctions it; or
The information is provided in such a way that it does not enable any individual to be identified.
We undertake to preserve the accuracy of all personal information and to manage it in a safe manner. Moreover, if we share personal data with a third party or commission a third party to handle such personal data, we will ensure that the party in question will manage the information in a similarly safe manner.
If customers should wish to see or amend their own personal data, they should make an application through the proper channels (or to our Public Relations Section), in which case we will respond with all reasonable promptness.
Protection of Specific Personal Information
We comply with the Act on the Use of Numbers to Identify a Specific Individual in the Administrative Procedure, the Act on the Protection of Personal Information, and the related cabinet orders, ministerial orders, and guidelines for handling Individual Numbers and specific personal information (or the equivalent) properly.
We use specific personal information only for the purposes stated when acquiring such information and do not provide or disclose it to any third party even with the consent of the individual in question unless the law requires or sanctions it.
We comply with predefined rules and regulations in acquiring, using, storing, providing, deleting and discarding specific personal information and equivalent information, and take appropriate measures to ensure proper handling.
We understand the importance of specific personal information and take safety control measures according to the predefined rules and regulations.
We have set up an inquiry counter to respond in a proper and prompt manner to inquiries or complaints about our handling of personally indentifiable information, etc., and we strive to resolve such problems.
Inquiries
Please direct any comments or inquiries regarding this policy or your own personal information to the Public Relations Section.
Established on April 1, 2005
Revised on January 1, 2016
Azbil Corporation
Hirozumi Sone , President and Group CEO
Page Top
How we use personal information
Except where stipulated otherwise, Azbil Corporation makes use of customers’ personal information solely for the following purposes:
To send customers—by mail, e-mail, fax, telephone, or other means—information relating to Azbil Corporation, its products and services. This may include company profiles, catalogs, and public relations publications.
To send customers information about events that Azbil Corporation has organized or is participating in, including shows and exhibitions, seminars, campaigns, questionnaires, and free offers.
To conduct marketing activities and market research related to the conditions and environments in which Azbil products and services are used.
Please note that personal information provided by customers may be shared with azbil Group companies for the purposes listed above.
How to contact us:
Use the online form provided here
By telephone: +81 3-6810-1006
Send a fax to: +81 3-5220-7274
Page Top
Use of Cookies and Web Beacons
This website may use cookies*1 and web beacons*2 for the following purposes.
To send customers information concerning products and services offered by Azbil Corporation or its partner companies that we think, based on your website access history, might benefit you.
To analyze how you use our website, which helps us to improve it.
To collect information on whether customers have opened e-mail we sent and whether customers have visited our website afterwards, and to utilize such information to provide customers with better service.
To identify the cause of a problem, etc., with our website or web servers and to solve it.
You can set your browser to notify you when cookies are sent to you, and you can choose whether to receive them.
However, if you refuse to receive cookies, you may not be able to use certain features, etc., of our website.
*1. Cookies are small pieces of data similar to browser bookmarks that are sent to your browser when you visit a website. Our website uses cookies to provide you with a better user experience when you return to the website.
Cookies can identify the computer you use, but cannot identify individuals.
*2.	Web beacons work with cookies to store information about user access to our website on a web server. A web beacon is often a small image (such as a clear GIF) embedded in a webpage.
This technology allows us to obtain usage information, such as your browser type, OS, pages accessed, etc., but it is not possible to identify individuals or to retrieve personal information.
Website Terms and Conditions of Use
Website Terms and Conditions of Use
Privacy Policy
Trademark Information