https://www.bermad.com/terms-of-use/
Terms Of Use - Bermad
Bermad Global & Subsidiaries
Bermad Global
USA BERMAD INC
Europe
Australia
Brazil
Mexico
China
USA VBT
RUSSIA
Our blogs
Irrigation Blog
Fire Protection Blog
Waterworks Blog
Building & Construction
About Us
English
English
Español
Português
Water Control Solutions
Products & Solutions
Irrigation
Control Valves
Smart Meters
Air Valves
Automation
Controllers
Filteration Systems
Pumps Systems
Reservoirs
Pilots and Accessories
Building & Constructions
Potable
Fire Protection
HVAC
Treated Water
Waterworks
Control Valves
Air Valves
Water Meters
E-Line
Pressure Tank
Fire Protection
Classic Deluge
Pressure Control Deluge
On-Off Deluge
Foam Concentrate Valves
Manually Operated Valves
Pre-Action & Dry-Pipe
Pressure Control
Level Control
Monitor Valves
Fire Line Strainers
Pilot Valves
Solenoid Valves
Signaling / Indicating Devices
Accessories & System Components
Separation Valves
Mining
Burst Control Valve
Flow Control Valve
Level Control Valve
Booster Pump Control Valve
Surge Anticipating Valve
Pressure Sustaining Valve
Pressure Reducing Valve
Electronic Controlled Valve
Air Valve
Water Meters
Solenoid Controlled Valve
Standards & Approvals
Quality Certifications
Buildings & Construction
Waterworks
Fire Protection
Knowledge Centers
Irrigation
Buildings & Construction
Waterworks
Fire Protection
Our Projects
Irrigation
Buildings & Construction
Waterworks
Fire Protection
Mining
Downloads
Irrigation
Buildings & Construction
Waterworks
Fire Protection
Mining
Tools
Contact Us
Irrigation
Building & Constructions
Waterworks
Fire Protection
Mining
Bermad Connect
Search for:
Go
Welcome to www.bermad.com the “Website”). The Website is owned and operated by BERMAD CS Ltd. and its corporate group affiliates and subsidiaries (collectively, “Bermad”, “we” and “our“).
Please carefully read the following terms and conditions (the “Terms” or “Terms of Use“). The Terms constitute a binding agreement between you and Bermad. By accessing the Website or by using it in any other manner, you indicate your acceptance of these Terms. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, you may not access the Website or use it in any manner.
About the Website
The Website provides content and information about Bermad technology, products and services. It also provides information regarding Bermad itself as well as open positions at Bermad.
The Website’s content is presented for informative purposes only.
When you contact us
You have various ways of contacting us through the Website. However, nothing on the Website or in your submitted inquiries requires us to make any engagements or business arrangement with you, partner with you, provide any products or services, engage in any present or future marketing activities or engage in any discussions or negotiations with you.
If you apply for an open position at Bermad, be advised that we are not obligated to consider your candidacy, contact you regarding your application or hire you.
Acceptable use of the Website
When using the Website, you must refrain from –
Breaching these Terms or any other applicable Website rules and instructions that we may provide;
Interfering with, burdening or disrupting the functionality of the Website;
Breaching the security of the Website or identifying any security vulnerabilities in it;
Circumventing or manipulating the operation, or functionality of the Website, or attempting to enable features or functionalities that are otherwise disabled, inaccessible or undocumented in the Website;
Using or launching any automated system, including without limitation robots, crawlers and similar applications to collect and compile content from the Website;
Displaying the Website or any part thereof in an exposed or concealed frame, or linking to elements or portions of the Website, independently from the web pages on which they originally appear;
Displaying content from the Website, including by any software, feature, gadget or communication protocol, which may alter the content or its design;
Impersonating any person or entity, or making any false statement pertaining to your identity, employment, agency or affiliation with any person or entity;
Collecting, harvesting, obtaining or processing personal information of or about other users of our Website; and
Linking to the Website from web pages that contain pornographic content or content that is unlawful or encourages prohibited activity such as racism or wrongful discrimination.
Engaging in any activity that constitutes a criminal offense or gives rise to civil liability;
Violating any applicable law.
Information you submit
Unless specifically requested, Bermad does not solicit nor does it wish to receive any confidential, secret or proprietary information or other material from you through the Website, any of its services, by e-mail, or in any other way.
By submitting or sending information or other material to Bermad you represent and warrant that the information is original to you and that no other party has any rights to the material.
By submitting or sending information or other material to Bermad you grant Bermad the royalty-free, unrestricted, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive and fully sub-licensable right and license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, perform and display such material (in whole or part) worldwide and/or to incorporate it in other works in any form, media, or technology now known or later developed. You also warrant that any “moral rights” in posted materials have been waived.
You agree and acknowledge that by using this Website, any and all communications and information transmitted by you to or through the Website will not be treated as confidential or proprietary.
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold Bermad and its directors, officers, employees, agents and affiliates harmless from any and all claims, liabilities, costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, arising in any way from your use of the Website or the placement or transmission of any message, content, information, software or other materials through the Website by you.
Links
The Website may contain links to content published on other websites provided by third parties. We do not operate or monitor these websites and content. You may find them or the information and content posted there not compatible with your requirements or objectionable.
By linking to a certain website, we do not endorse, or sponsor its content, or confirm its accuracy, credibility, authenticity, reliability, validity, integrity, or legality. We assume no responsibility or liability for such third party websites or content, or their availability, or for any transactions or dealings made between you and such third party websites.
Privacy
We respect your privacy. The Website’s current privacy policy is available here. It forms an integral part of these Terms.
Intellectual Property
The intellectual property rights associated with the Website, including copyrights, trademarks, trade names, patents, trade secrets, work methods and processes, and any other right, are the sole property of Bermad, or its third party licensors. These rights apply, among others, to information, articles, images, content, graphic design, data and its processing, domain name, the Website’s “look and feel”, computer code and any other detail concerning its operation.
Do not copy, duplicate, distribute, sell, make available, market and translate any information, including trademarks, images, pictures, texts and computer code from the Website, without the Bermad’s explicit prior and written consent.
The Bermad’s marks, logos, icons, images and symbols on the Website (whether registered or not) as well as the Website’s domain name – are the sole property of Bermad. You may not use them without our prior written consent. Nothing contained in the Website should be construed as granting, by implication or otherwise, any license or right to use any of these Trademarks without express written permission of Bermad.
Other names, company names, brand names, registered and unregistered trademarks or service marks and logos are the property of Bermad or their respective holders. Nothing contained in the site should be construed as granting, by implication or otherwise, any license or right to use any of such marks without express written permission of the owner or rights holder with respect to such use.
Changes and Availability
From time to time, we may change the Website’s structure, layout, design or display, as well as the scope and availability of the information and content therein, without prior notice. Changes of this type by their very nature may result in glitches or cause inconvenience of some kind.
The operation of the Website depends on various factors such as software, hardware and communication networks of Bermad, its contractors and suppliers. By their nature, these factors are not fault free.
Changes to the Terms
From time to time, Bermad may change the Terms at any time, and without actual notice to you. All such changes to the Terms will appear on the Website: www.bermad.com and will become effective immediately upon their initial posting. By entering or using this Website following any changes to the Terms, you agree to be bound by any such changes to the Terms.
Disclaimer of Warranty
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT THIS WEBSITE IS BEING PROVIDED FOR USE “AS IS” AND “WITH ALL FAULTS”. YOU WILL HAVE NO PLEA, CLAIM OR DEMAND AGAINST BERMAD OR ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, SHAREHOLDERS, EMPLOYEES, SUB-CONTRACTORS AND AGENTS (“STAFF”), IN RESPECT OF THE WEBSITE’S FEATURES, CONTENT, LIMITATIONS OR COMPATIBILITY WITH YOUR NEEDS. YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE AND THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THE WEBSITE, IS AT YOUR FULL AND EXCLUSIVE RISK. WE DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, COMPATIBILITY, SECURITY OR ACCURACY.
bermad does not warrant, and hereby disclaims any warranties, either express or implied, with respect to the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of the WebSite, information AND CONTENT obtained from the WebSite or links to OTHER WebSiteS.
Bermad specifically disclaims any and all warranties, including, but not limited to:
any warranties concerning the availability, accuracy, appropriateness, reliability, timeliness, or usefulness of the content of the Website; and
any warranties of title, warranty of non-infringement, warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose, or warranties arising from a course of dealing, usage or trade practice.
This disclaimer of liability applies to any damages or injuries occurring as a result of:
any error, omission, deletion, or defect in the content, or
any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, computer virus, communication line failure, theft or destruction of record, unauthorized access to, alteration of, or use of record, whether for breach of contract, tort, negligence, defamation, or any other cause of action.
Bermad does not warrant or guarantee:
that any portion of the Website will be free of infection by viruses, worms, trojan horses, or anything else manifesting contaminating or destructive properties; or
that access to the Webite will be uninterrupted or error-free.
Limitation of Liability
to the greatest extent permissible under applicable law, bermad AND ITS STAFF, SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU, FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY, STATUTORY, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGE, OR ANY SIMILAR DAMAGE OR LOSS, INCLUDING LOSS OF PROFIT AND LOSS OF DATA, COSTS, EXPENSES AND PAYMENTS, EITHER IN TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), CONTRACT, OR IN ANY OTHER FORM OR THEORY OF LIABILITY, ARISING FROM, OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE WEBSITE, ITS CONTENT, THE USE OF, OR THE INABILITY TO USE THE WEBSITE, OR FROM ANY FAILURE, ERROR, OR BREAKDOWN IN THE FUNCTION OF THE WEBSITE, OR FROM ANY FAULT, OR ERROR MADE BY OUR STAFF, OR FROM YOUR RELIANCE ON CONTENT AVAILABLE ON OR THROUGH THE WEBSITE, OR FROM ANY COMMUNICATION WITH THE WEBSITE OR BERMAD, OR FROM RETENTION, DELETION, DISCLOSURE AND ANY OTHER USE OR LOSS OF CONTENT OR INFORMATION.
Applicable Law and Jurisdiction
These Terms shall be governed solely by the laws of the State of Israel without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
The court of competent jurisdiction located in Tel Aviv, Israel, shall have sole and exclusive jurisdiction over any claim in connection with the Website or in respect of any matter relating to these Terms.
Contact us
You may contact us with any questions or comments, at: Web-service@bermad.com
Last Updated: August 2018
Follow Us
Privacy Policy
|
Terms of use
|
Cookies settings
Website Development | UI UX |
Software Development