https://www.throop.com/company/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Home / Company /
Privacy Policy
George L. Throop Company Privacy Policy Statement for this Website
We are located at:
444 N. Fair Oaks Ave.
Pasadena, CA
91103
Our postal address is:
P.O. Box 92405
Pasadena, CA
91109
Staff can be reached via email at info@throop.com or by telephone at 626-796-0285.
We collect the email addresses of those who communicate with us via email only. This information is used for internal review, to improve the content of our Web site, or for correspondence with the person who submitted the inquiry, and is then discarded. We do not share the information collected with other organizations. However, the information we collect may be disclosed only when required by law, at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our organization and/or Website, with applicable laws, or to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our Website.
We do not set cookies.
If you do not want to receive an email from us in the future, please let us know via email, by phone or through written notice.
More . . .
Concrete Applications
Airports
Architectural concrete
City Street Concrete Repair
Freeway Highway Repair
Marine and Water
Remote locations
Concrete Projects
Airport Runway Repair
Airport Utility Trench Fill Project
Freeway Highway Concrete Repair
Island Concrete Construction Projects
LEED Project for L.A. Public Library
Nuclear Closure Project
Remote Mountain Top
Soil Remediation
Contact Us
Quick Links
Home
Concrete Producers
Concrete Fast Road Repair
Mobile Batch Plant
Rapid Set Concrete
Bulk Filter Media
Building Materials
Featured Projects
Airport Runway Repair
Cellular Foam Concrete
Freeway Highway Concrete Repair
City Street Concrete Repair
Marine Concrete Construction
Architectural Concrete
Nuclear Waste Site Project
Remote Mountain Top
Soil Remediation
Contact Throop 800-796-0285
info@throop.com
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
Copyright @ 1994 -2020 Throop.com.
Developed By
|ATC Web Solutions
Scroll