http://www.nationpizza.com/privacy
Thank you for visiting Nation Pizza and Foods.
Your privacy is important to us and we are committed to protecting and safeguarding the privacy of our customers, employees, job applicants and visitors to our web sites who provide personal information.
Personal information is defined as any information concerning the personal or material circumstances of an identified or identifiable individual.
Personal information shall include, but is not limited to name, home address, home zip code, telephone numbers, email addresses and employment related information such as may be found on résumés, applications, background verification information, or in employment references.
This Privacy Policy applies to information gathered by Nation Pizza and Foods, including through this site, www.osigroup.com, and all sites of the affiliates of Nation Pizza and Foods that are linked to this site (collectively, the “Sites”).
By viewing or using any Site, by submitting personal information, and/or by accessing and using any Site, you are agreeing to our data collection and use practices and other
terms and conditions set forth in this Privacy Policy and as otherwise required by law.
Information We Collect
It is Nation Pizza and Foods’ policy to maintain all personal information as confidential.
Nation Pizza and Foods only gathers personal information, such as, first and last names, phone numbers, addresses and email addresses, when voluntarily submitted by you. For example, personal information may be collected from you in order to get your feedback on our Sites or apply for a job with Nation Pizza and Foods.
How We Use and Retain Your Information
In addition to consenting to the Privacy Policy and the terms and conditions, you expressly consent that Nation Pizza and Foods may share the information that you have provided within the Nation Pizza and Foods family as discussed herein.
The Nation Pizza and Foods family includes our subsidiaries, affiliates and those companies engaged to perform functions such as providing technical assistance for our Sites and our business operations. Nation Pizza and Foods does not sell, rent or otherwise distribute to third parties personal information about visitors to the Sites, except as needed for Nation Pizza and Foods to provide the services for which such information was volunteered.
It is Nation Pizza and Foods’ policy to keep personal information only for as long as needed for such purposes.
Nation Pizza and Foods reserves the right to use or disclose any information as needed to satisfy any law, regulation or legal request, to protect the integrity of the Sites, to fulfill your requests, or to cooperate in any law enforcement investigation or an investigation on a matter of public safety.
Protection of Children’s Privacy
Nation Pizza and Foods is very sensitive to privacy issues and we care about the safety of children.
Our Sites are for general audiences and are not geared toward children.
We do not knowingly collect information from children under 13.
If you are a parent or guardian and think we have information about your child who is under 13, please contact the Compliance Officer at sales@nationpizza.com and we will use reasonable efforts to promptly delete the child’s information from our servers and files.  To learn more about how to protect your child online, visit the FTC’s website at www.ftc.gov and read the helpful information at http://www.ftc.gov/bcp/edu/pubs/consumer/tech/tec08.shtm provided by the FTC.
Parents are encouraged to regularly monitor and supervise their children’s on-line activities.
How to Access and Update Your Information
If at any time, you would like to review, correct or delete the personal information we have about you or if you would like to change your preferences for contacts from us or on behalf of our business partners, you can let us know by logging into your account on the Sites or by contacting the Compliance Officer at sale@nationpizza.com or at the postal address listed below.
How We Secure Your Information
Securing your information is a company priority and we take all reasonable steps to prevent unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal information.
We use industry standard security measures to help protect the confidentiality of personal information.
Your account information is protected by the password you use to access your online account.
Please keep this password confidential.
When you apply for a position with Nation Pizza and Foods, your personal information is encrypted and stored on secured servers.
Personal information that is maintained in our offices is subject to physical, administrative and technical controls as well.
Hard copies of sensitive personal information are maintained in locked locations or cabinets with similar restrictions for electronic storage.
When disposed of, the information is shredded, destroyed, erased, or otherwise sought to be made unreadable.
Electronic Notice if Security Breach
If we are required to provide notice of unauthorized access of certain security systems, you agree that we may do so when required or voluntarily by posting notice on the Sites or sending notice to any email address we have for you, in the good faith discretion of Nation Pizza and Foods.
You agree that notice to you will count as notice to any other individual for whom you are acting and agree to provide the notice to any such individual.
Cookies
“Cookies” are pieces of information that a web site transfers to an individual’s hard drive for record-keeping purposes. Some of the Sites may collect page session cookie information to allow for a better page experience during use, however, no personal information is stored and we do not use “Cookies” for tracking purposes.
Links to Other Sites
We may offer links to sites that are not operated by Nation. If you visit one of these linked sites, you should review their privacy and other policies. We are not responsible for the policies and practices of other companies, and any information you submit to those companies is subject to their privacy policies.
Nation Pizza and Foods’ Websites
The Sites operated by Nation Pizza and Foods will adhere to this Privacy Policy. Given the global nature of both the Internet and Nation Pizza and Foods, using the Internet to collect and process personal information usually involves the transmission of data on an international basis. By browsing the Sites and communicating electronically with us, you agree that we may export personal information to one or more of our offices in other countries and process it there in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Although data may be held in countries that do not have strict data privacy laws, we do take steps to maintain the privacy and security of your personal information.
Nation Pizza and Foods’ privacy practices are consistent with the European Union Data Protection Directive and the U.S. Department of Commerce Safe Harbor Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access and enforcement.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
Nation Pizza and Foods reserves the right, at its discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this Privacy Policy from time to time.
We suggest that you check here periodically for the most up-to-date version of our Privacy Policy. Your continued use of the Sites following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy will mean that you accept those changes.
Contact Us
Please feel free to contact the Compliance Officer with any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy or the protections of your information.
You may also contact the Compliance Officer to remove your personal information from Nation Pizza and Foods.
Nation Pizza and Foods
601 East Algonquin Road
Schaumburg, IL 60173
Phone: 847.397.3320
Fax: 847.397.9456
or e-mail us at sales@nationpizza.com
Crusts
Pizza
Sandwiches
Appetizers
Hispanic
Sweets
Packaging