http://www.colorgate.com/imprint/privacy-policy/
Data protection declarationUnless stated otherwise below, the provision of your personal data is neither legally nor contractually obligatory, nor required for conclusion of a contract. You are not obliged to provide your data. Not providing it will have no consequences. This only applies as long as the processing procedures below do not state otherwise. “Personal data” is any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person.Server log filesYou can use our websites without submitting personal data. Every time our website is accessed, user data is transferred to us or our web hosts/IT service providers by your internet browser and stored in server log files. This stored data includes for example the name of the site called up, date and time of the request, the IP address, amount of data transferred and the provider making the request. The processing is carried out on the basis of Article 6(1) f) GDPR due to our legitimate interests in ensuring the smooth operation of our website as well as improving our services.Contact Contact us at any time. Our contact details can be found in our imprint. You can contact our data protection officers directly at: michael.stoye@colorgate.comProactive contact via email If you make contact with us proactively via email, we shall collect your personal data (name, email address, message text) only to the extent provided by you. The purpose of the data processing is to handle and respond to your contact request.If the initial contact serves to implement pre-contractual measures (e.g. consultation in the case of purchase interest, order creation) or concerns an agreement already concluded between you and us, this data processing takes place on the basis of Article 6(1)(b) GDPR.If the initial contact occurs for other reasons, this data processing takes place on the basis of Article 6(1)(f) GDPR for the purposes of our overriding, legitimate interest in handling and responding to your request. In this case, on grounds relating to your particular situation, you have the right to object at any time to this processing of personal data concerning you and carried out on the basis of Article 6(1)(f) GDPR.We will only use your email address to process your request. Your data will subsequently be deleted in compliance with statutory retention periods, unless you have agreed to further processing and use.Collection and processing when using the contact form
When you use the contact form we will only collect your personal data (name, email address, message text) in the scope provided by you. The data processing is for the purpose of making contact. By submitting your message you agree to the processing of your transmitted data. Processing will be carried out on the basis of art. 6 (1) lit. a GDPR with your consent.You can withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us without affecting the legality of the processing carried out with your consent up to the withdrawal. We will only use your email address to process your request. Finally your data will be deleted, unless you have agreed to further processing and use.Contact Evaluations      Data collection when you post a comment
When you comment on an article or a contribution, we collect your personal data (name, email address, comment text) only in the scope provided by you. The processing serves to allow you to comment and to display comments. By submitting the comment you agree to the processing of the transmitted data. The processing will be carried out on the basis of art. 6 (1) lit. a GDPR with your consent. You can withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us without affecting the legality of the processing carried out with your consent up to the withdrawal. You personal data will then be deleted.On publication of your comment the name and email address you have enteredwill be published.Use of your email address for mailing of newsletters We use your email address outside of contractual processing exclusively to send you a newsletter for our own marketing purposes, if you have explicitly agreed to this. The processing will be carried out on the basis of art. 6 (1) lit. a GDPR with your consent. You can withdraw your consent at any time without affecting the legality of the processing carried out with your consent up to the withdrawal. You can unsubscribe from the newsletter at any time using the relevant link in the newsletter or by contacting us. Your email address will then be removed from the distributor.Your data will be forwarded to a service provider for email marketing in the course of order processing. It will not be forwarded to other third parties.CookiesOur website uses cookies. Cookies are small text files which are saved in a user’s internet browser or by the user’s internet browser on their computer system. When a user calls up a website, a cookie may be saved on the user’s operating system. This cookie contains a characteristic character string which allows the browser to be clearly identified when the website is called up again. Cookies will be stored on your computer. You therefore have full control over the use of cookies. By choosing corresponding technical settings in your internet browser, you can be notified before the setting of cookies and you can decide whether to accept this setting in each individual case as well as prevent the storage of cookies and transmission of the data they contain. Cookies which have already been saved may be deleted at any time. We would, however, like to point out that this may prevent you from making full use of all the functions of this website. Using the links below, you can find out how to manage cookies (or deactivate them, among other things) in major browsers: Chrome Browser: https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/61416?hl=en Internet Explorer: https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies Mozilla Firefox: https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences Safari: https://support.apple.com/de-de/guide/safari/manage-cookies-and-website-data-sfri11471/macTechnically necessary cookies Insofar as no other information is given in the data protection declaration below we use only these technically necessary cookies cookies to make our offering more user-friendly, effective and secure. Cookies also allow our systems to recognise your browser after a page change and to offer you services. Some functions of our website cannot be offered without the use of cookies. These services require the browser to be recognised again after a page change. Processing is carried out on the basis of art. 6 (1) lit. f GDPR due to our largely justified interest in ensuring the optimal functionality of the website as well as a user-friendly and effective design of our range of services.You have the right to veto this processing of your personal data according to art. 6 (1) lit. f GDPR, for reasons relating to your personal situation.Analysis Advertising      Use of the Google Analytics Our website uses the web analysis service Google Analytics from Google LLC. (1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA; "Google"). If you are ordinarily resident in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, Google Ireland Limited (Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland) is the controller responsible for your data. Google Ireland Limited is therefore the company affiliated with Google responsible for processing your data and for compliance with the applicable data protection legislation. The processing of data serves to analyse this website and its visitors and for marketing and advertising purposes. Google will use this information on behalf of the operator of this website to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on website activity and to provide other services to the website operator relating to website and internet use. In this process the following information, inter alia, can be collected: IP address, date and time of the website access, click path, information on the browser and the device you are using, the pages visited, referrer URL (website via which you accessed our website), location data, purchasing activities. The IP address transmitted from your browser within the scope of Google Analytics is not associated with any other data held by Google. Google Analytics uses technology such as cookies, web storage in the browser, and tracking pixels which enable an analysis of your use of the website. The information generated by these regarding your use of this website is usually transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there. IP anonymisation is activated on this website. Google uses this to shorten your IP address beforehand within Member States of the European Union or in other signatories to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transferred to a Google server in the USA and shortened there. In accordance with the US-EU Data Protection Agreement, Google has become subject to the "Privacy Shield" and is therefore obliged to observe European data protection laws. The data processing, particularly the placing of cookies, is carried out on the basis of Article 6(1)(f) GDPR due to our overriding legitimate interest in the needs-based and targeted design of the website. On grounds relating to your particular situation, you have the right to object at any time to this processing of personal data concerning you and carried out in accordance with Article 6(1)(f) GDPR. You can also prevent the collection of the data (including your IP address) generated by Google Analytics and related to your use of the website by Google as well as the processing of this data by Google by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available at the following link [https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de]. To prevent the data collection and storage by Google Analytics across multiple devices you can place an opt-out cookie. Opt-out cookies prevent the future collection of your data when you visit this website. You need to implement the opt-out on all systems and devices that you are using, so that this works comprehensively. If you delete the opt-out cookie, requests will be transmitted to Google again. When you click here the opt-out cookie will be placed: Deactivate Google Analytics. You can find more detailed information on the terms and conditions of use and data protection at https://www.google.com/analytics/terms/de.html and/or at https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/ and at https://policies.google.com/technologies/cookies?hl=de.Use of Facebook Pixel Our website uses the remarketing function "Custom Audiences" by Facebook Inc. (1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA; "Facebook"). This application serves to address the visitor to the website with interest-related advertising on the social network Facebook. We have implemented Facebook’s remarketing tag on our website for this purpose. This tag sets up a direct connection to Facebook’s servers when you visit our website. This informs the Facebook server which of our web pages you have visited. Facebook assigns this information to your personal Facebook user account. When you visit the social network Facebook you will then be shown personalised, interest-related Facebook ads. Your data may be transmitted to the USA. In accordance with the US-EU Data Protection Agreement, Facebook has become subject to the "Privacy Shield" and is therefore obliged to observe European data protection laws . The data processing, particularly the placing of cookies, is carried out on the basis of Article 6(1)(f) GDPR due to our overriding legitimate interest in addressing visitors to the website with targeted, interest-related advertising. On grounds relating to your particular situation, you have the right to object at any time to this processing of personal data concerning you and carried out in accordance with Article 6(1)(f) GDPR. You can deactivate the remarketing function "Custom Audiences" here. You can find more detailed information on Facebook’s collection and use of data and your associated rights and options for protecting your privacy in Facebook’s privacy policy: https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/.Use of Google Ads conversion tracking Our website uses the online marketing program "Google Ads", including conversion tracking (evaluation of user actions). Google conversion tracking is a service operated by Google LLC (1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA; "Google"). If you are ordinarily resident in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, Google Ireland Limited (Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland) is the controller responsible for your data. Google Ireland Limited is therefore the company affiliated with Google responsible for processing your data and for compliance with the applicable data protection legislation. If you click on adverts placed by Google, a cookie is placed on your computer for conversion tracking. These cookies have limited validity, do not contain any personal data and thus cannot be used for personal identification. If you visit certain pages on our website and the cookie has not yet expired, we and Google can recognise that you have clicked on the advert and were forwarded to this page. Every Google Ads customer receives a different cookie. It is therefore not possible to track cookies relating to the websites of Ads customers. The information collected using the conversion cookie serves the purpose of producing conversion statistics. This allows us to find out the total number of users who have clicked on our adverts and were forwarded to a page equipped with a conversion tracking tag. However, they do not receive any information with which could be used to personally identify users. Your data may be transmitted to the USA. In accordance with the US-EU Data Protection Agreement, Google has become subject to the "Privacy Shield" and is therefore obliged to observe European data protection laws. The data processing, particularly the placing of cookies, is carried out on the basis of Article 6(1)(f) GDPR due to our overriding legitimate interest in addressing visitors to the website with targeted, interest-related advertising. On grounds relating to your particular situation, you have the right to object at any time to this processing of personal data concerning you and carried out in accordance with Article 6(1)(f) GDPR. You can deactivate personalised advertising in Google’s advertising settings. Instructions for this can be found at https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=de. Alternatively, you can prevent the use of cookies by third parties by calling up the Network Advertising Initiative deactivation page at https://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ and following the further opt-out instructions specified there. You then won’t be included in the conversion tracking statistics. You can find more information as well as Google’s data privacy policy at: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/Use of Google AdSense Our website uses the AdSense function by Google LLC (1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA; "Google"). If you are ordinarily resident in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, Google Ireland Limited (Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland) is the controller responsible for your data. Google Ireland Limited is therefore the company affiliated with Google responsible for processing your data and for compliance with the applicable data protection legislation. The data processing serves the purpose of renting out advertising space on the website and using these to address visitors to the website with targeted, interest-related advertising. This function displays personalised, interest-related adverts from the Google display network to visitors to the website. Google Analytics uses cookies, which make it possible to analyse your use of the website. The information generated by the cookie regarding your use of this website is usually transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there. Google may also transmit this data to third parties if this is required by law or the third party is processing the data on behalf of Google. On no account will Google associate your IP address with other Google data. In accordance with the US-EU Data Protection Agreement, Google has become subject to the "Privacy Shield" and is therefore obliged to observe European data protection laws. The data processing, particularly the placing of cookies, is carried out on the basis of Article 6(1)(f) GDPR due to our overriding legitimate interest in addressing visitors to the website with targeted, interest-related advertising. On grounds relating to your particular situation, you have the right to object at any time to this processing of personal data concerning you and carried out in accordance with Article 6(1)(f) GDPR. You can permanently deactivate the use of cookies by following the link below and downloading and installing the plug-in provided there: https://support.google.com/ads/answer/7395996?hl=de. Alternatively, you can prevent the use of cookies by third parties by calling up the Network Advertising Initiative deactivation page at https://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ and following the further opt-out instructions specified there. You will find more information as well as Google’s data privacy policy at: https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads/ and https://www.google.de/policies/privacy/Plug-ins and othersUse of the Google Tag Manager Our website uses the Google Tag Manager from Google LLC. (1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA; "Google"). If you are ordinarily resident in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, Google Ireland Limited (Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland) is the controller responsible for your data. Google Ireland Limited is therefore the company affiliated with Google responsible for processing your data and for compliance with the applicable data protection legislation. This application manages JavaScript tags and HTML tags which are used in particular to implement tracking and analysis tools. The data processing serves to facilitate the needs-based design and optimisation of our website. The Google Tag Manager itself neither stores cookies nor processes personal data. It does, however, enable the triggering of further tags which may collect and process personal data. You can find more detailed information on the terms and conditions of use and data protection at https://www.google.com/intl/de/tagmanager/use-policy.htmlUse of social plug-ins Our website uses social network plug-ins. The integration of social plug-ins and the data processing associated with this serves the purpose of optimising the advertising for our products. The integration of social plug-ins involves a connection between your computer and the servers of the service provider of the social network which then instructs your web browser to display the plug-in on that web page, provided you have expressly consented to this. In this process, both your IP address as well as the information on which web pages you have visited will be transmitted to the provider’s servers. This happens regardless of whether you are registered with or logged into the social network. The information is transferred even if users are not registered or logged in. Should you be connected simultaneously with one or more of your social network accounts, the collected information may also be assigned to your corresponding profiles. When using the plug-in functions (e.g. by pressing the appropriate button), this information will also be assigned to your user account. You can therefore prevent this assignment by logging yourself out before visiting our website and before activating the button for your social media accounts. The processing is carried out on the basis of Article 6(1)(a) GDPR with your consent. You can withdraw your consent at any time without affecting the legality of the processing carried out with your consent up to the withdrawal. The following social networks are integrated in our website through social plug-ins. You can find more detailed information on the scope and purpose of collection and use of the data and your associated rights and options for protecting your privacy in the provider’s privacy policy via the link. Facebook by Facebook Inc. (1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA)https://www.facebook.com/policy.php LinkedIn by LinkedIn Corporation (2029 Stierlin Court, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA)https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy?trk=uno-reg-guest-home-privacy-policyUse of YouTube Our website uses the function for embedding YouTube videos by Google Ireland Limited (Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland; "YouTube"). YouTube is a company affiliated with Google LLC (1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA; "Google"). This feature shows YouTube videos in an iFrame on the website. The option "advanced privacy mode" is enabled here. This prevents YouTube from storing information on visitors to the website. It is only if you watch a video that information is transmitted to and stored by YouTube. Your data may be transmitted to the USA. In accordance with the US-EU Data Protection Agreement, Google has become subject to the "Privacy Shield" and is therefore obliged to observe European data protection laws. The data processing is carried out on the basis of Article 6(1)(f ) GDPR due to our legitimate interest in the needs-based and targeted design of the website. On grounds relating to your particular situation, you have the right to object at any time to this processing of personal data concerning you and carried out in accordance with Article 6(1)(f) GDPR. Further information on the data collected and used by YouTube and Google and your associated rights and options for protecting your privacy can be found in YouTube’s privacy policy (https://www.youtube.com/t/privacy).Rights of persons affected and storage durationDuration of Storage The data will be stored under consideration of legal retention periods and then deleted after expiration of the period, unless you have not agreed to further processing and use.Rights of the affected person If the legal requirements are fulfilled, you have the following rights according to art. 15 to 20 GDPR: Right to information, correction, deletion, restriction of processing, data portability. You also have a right of objection against processing based on art. 6 (1) GDPR, and to processing for the purposes of direct marketing, according to art. 21 (1) GDPR.Right to complain to the regulatory authority You have the right to complain to the regulatory authority according to art. 77 GDPR if you believe that your data is not being processed legally.Right to object If the data processing outlined here is based on our legitimate interests in accordance with Article 6(1)f) GDPR, you have the right for reasons arising from your particular situation to object at any time to the processing of your data with future effect.If the objection is successful, we will no longer process the personal data, unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing that outweigh your interests or rights and freedoms, or the processing is intended for the assertion, exercise or defence of legal claims.If personal data is being processed for the purposes of direct advertising, you can object to this at any time by notifying us. If the objection is successful, we will no longer process the personal data for the purposes of direct advertising.  last update: 23.10.2019Wie können wir Ihnen helfen?Contact Overlaypersonal data left Salutation* Mrs
Mr
Last name* Email address*personal data right Company* Country* Phone Message Subject
Testfield submit privacy* I have read the declaration on data protection and agree to the processing of my personal data. *
Don't fill this field!