https://www.friendlys.com/privacy
172.31.14.81
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: 04/29/2020
Our Commitment
We are committed to respecting the privacy rights of all visitors to our websites. This Privacy Policy also explains the choices that you can make about the way your information is collected and used. If you do not agree with any term in this Privacy Policy, do not use our websites.
Personally Identifiable Information
Personally identifiable information (“PII”) is information that identifies you or could reasonably be used to identify you personally (such as your real name, address, phone number, or e-mail address). Generally, you may browse our websites without providing any PII. We will not collect PII about you (e.g., your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, and so on) unless you provide it voluntarily when you: register with us; participate in sweepstakes, contests, events or promotions; send us questions or comments via email; and/or fill out online surveys, or any other requests we make for suggestions or comments about the websites. Also, we may request certain demographic information, such as your age and gender. If you do not want your PII collected, please do not submit it to us. In some cases, if you choose not to provide us with requested information, you may not be able to access all areas of the websites or participate in all of its features.
Generally, we only use PII collected from and about our users for the purpose for which it is submitted, unless we disclose other uses at the time we collect the information. If we do, you will have the opportunity to instruct us not to use your data in other ways (you can opt-out). We do not share any PII that you provide on the websites to any third party for marketing purposes unless you specifically opt-in to receive such communications. If you do not want your information used in this manner, you may “opt-out.”
Non Identifying Information
We gather and analyze non-identifying User information such as Internet Protocol (“IP”) addresses and browser types for statistical purposes only. An IP address is a number automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Web. Web servers, the computers that “serve up” Web pages, automatically identify your computer by its IP address. When you request a page from our websites, our servers log your IP address. An IP address does not contain personally identifiable information. We do not link IP addresses with personally identifiable information. We may use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our websites. Your IP address is used to help gather broad demographic information. We may also collect information about your browser software and/or machine type (e.g., Windows, Mac, Unix, etc.).
Making the world Friendly one scoop at a time