https://www.benepath.net/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicyThis privacy policy was last updated on December 3, 2020By submitting, you agree to send your info to Benepath so they can contact you about the above request. Benepath agrees to use your info in accordance with their privacy policy. Google will also use your info in accordance with our privacy policy.A State Licensed Health Insurance Agent, Aliera Healthcare, All Web Leads, Alpine Digital Group, American Health Hub, American Insurance Agency Direct, Inc., American Insurance Agency, Direct, nc., APM Insurance, Apollo Interactive, Ashly Bexten Health Insurance Services, AXS Health Insurance Agency, Bold Penguin, Borgman Insurance, Connect Plus, Datalot, Inc, Design Benefit Plans, eHealth, Emerald Enterprise Corp, Excel Impact, Fiorella Insurance Agency, GetMedicare.Health, GoMedigap Agency, Hafetz and Associates - Team Medicare, Health Care Solutions Team, Health IQ, Health Plan One, LLC, Healthcare Solution Team, Healthcare Solutions Team, Healthcare Solutions Team-Jodin Gallo Team, Healthcare Solutions Team-Tim Ray Team, HealthCompare, Heartland Financial Group, Inside Response, IBX, Innovate Financial Group, Insurance Solutions LLC,
J.L. Pettimore Services., Leb Insurance
- HST, Legacy Insurance & Financial Services, Martin Insurance Group, Medicare Agency, National General Insurance Company, Nester Insurance, New City Insurance, Onviant Insurance Agency, Presidio Interactive, Quantum Digital Media, Real Time Health Quotes LLC, Reliantone, Root Financial and Insurance Services, Stokes Financial, The Benefit Link, Torchlight Technology, Tranzact, US Health Advisors, USHealth Advisors, VelaPoint, Your Insurance Agency,Advanced Benefit Concepts, Ahlbum Insurance, Allstate, American Benefits, American Insurance Agency, Amerilife, Ameriprise, Andrews Benefits, ASA, AXS Insurance Agency, Bankers Life, BrightPrice Medicare, Collier Insurance, Core Advantage Advisors, Divserse Insurance, Easy Medicare Supplements, Embarkers, Ensurem, Family First Insurance, Farmers Insurance, Fidelity First, Financial Services, Inc, Go Medigap, Greenway Financial, Health & Life Associates, Health Choice One, Health Markets, Heartland Financial Group, Homeland Healthcare, HSK Insurance, Healthcare Solutions Team, Hunt & Associates, iHealthBrokers, Ideal Concepts, Inside Response, Insurance Care Direct, Insurance Consultants of America, Kemper Insurance, Korab Insurance, Lincoln Heritage, McAlpine Insurance, Medicare Solutions, LLC, Midwest Medigap, More Medicare, Mutual of Omaha, My Insurance Broker, My Medicare Advisors, My Wealth Creation Machine, New Life Financial, North American Health Plans, One Life American, Parrish Insurance, Platinum Insurance, PolicyScout, Policy Scout, Retired & Healthy, Safe Money Partners, Senior Healthcare Solutions, Senior Insurance Needs, Senior Market Sales, Senior Quote, Smedley Insurance Group, United Medicare Advisors, Spring Venture Group, Senior Market Quotes, State Farm, Term.com, Texas Health Benefits, The 5511 Group, The Benefits Stone, Inc, The Legacy Group, Transamerica, URL Insurance Group, US Health Advisors, USA Benefits Group, Virtual Office Connections, Wasatch Insurance, Expert Insurance Services, Your Medicare Advisor, American Insurance Agencies Direct, SelectQuote,Insphere, USABG, Coverage One Insurance Group, Healthcare Solutions Team, SolidQuote LLC, Cege Media, GuidetoInsure, Senior Market Quotes, Spring Insurance Solutions, TrueChoice Insurance Service HPO, 800Medigap, Navigate Medigap, GuidetoInsurance, IHC Specialty Benefits and Allied Insurance.Benepath Inc. is committed to protecting your private information. This Privacy Statement describes the information that we collect when you visit one of our sites. It also describes how we use that information, and how you can update any collected personal information. We reserve the right to append or otherwise modify this Privacy Statement at any time. Please revisit this page occasionally to check for updates.Telephone Consumer Protection Act Compliance If you provide a cell phone number with your contact information, Benepath Inc. and/or Benepath Inc.’s clients may dial this number, possibly using an autodialer, to provide quote information and/or seek additional information in order to provide a quote. By providing a cell phone number, you agree to be contacted at that cell phone number, regardless of whether you, or someone else, is in possession of the cell phone when contact is made. Entering into this agreement is not a condition of purchasing any goods or services.Information We Collect Benepath Inc. collects various types of information from our visitors in order meet our users’ needs and expectations and to enhance security. Some of this information is collected automatically, through a text file known as a “cookie.” or similar technologies. Other information is collected when you register for any of our online services, or when you request information from one of our insurance partners. You can refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser. If you do so, please note that some of our features and services may not function properly if your cookies are disabled.Information Collected Automatically Some information is automatically sent to Benepath Inc. by your browser or Internet session each time you visit one of our sites. These types of information include:The name of your browser, e.g., Chrome, etc.Your Internet domain, e.g., AOL, etc.Your computer’s operating system, e.g., Windows, etc.Your navigation path, e.g., the URL(s) that you use to access our site, which of our pages you visit, and where you go when you leave.Your IP address.This information allows us to see how users are finding our sites, and which pages are visited the most often. We can then use this information to make our websites more useful and more user-friendly.Third Party Advertisers Benepath Inc. works with third party advertisers and other vendors to serve ads and collect data on our sites. These companies may use information (including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to these and other websites in order to provide advertisements on these sites and other websites about goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.Information You Provide to Us In addition to the information automatically collected by your browser, Benepath Inc. also collects information that you provide to us when you request quote information.Our web sites provide users with the opportunity to request quote information from insurance providers and brokers. To do this, we collect contact information (name, address, phone number, email address, gender, age, work experience, etc.) as well as information relevant to the applicant’s insurability. This contact information is then provided to the insurance partners from which the user has requested quote information.Benepath Inc. uses cookies to store contact information for each user. If the user uses our site to make further requests for quote information. Their contact information will automatically be used to pre-populate contact forms. Benepath Inc. also collects customer interest information (e.g., Requests for E-Mail Newsletters) to determine what information the customer wishes to be sent after using our service.By submitting a quote request, you authorize Benepath Inc. to provide your information to insurance agents, both local and national. You also authorize Benepath Inc. to provide your information to one of our third-party agent networks if our primary agent network has few or no agents in your zip code. You authorize these agent networks to share your information with their vendors, suppliers, and insurance carriers in order to generate information for your quotes. By submitting a quote request, you acknowledge that Benepath Inc.’s service requires you to agree that our partner companies may obtain a consumer report or credit score from a consumer reporting agency (also known as a credit bureau) and that these partner companies do not have the right to obtain a consumer report or credit score without your written instruction which you are granting by clicking the submit button. Accordingly, by submitting a quote request you instruct consumer reporting agencies to provide a consumer report or credit score on you to these partner companies if requested within a reasonable date from the time you submit information to Benepath Inc. If one of our partner companies obtains this credit information that partner company will not share this information with any other party, including insurance carriers, but insurance carriers may elect to obtain credit information on their own in connection with the quoting and underwriting of the requested insurance. Where permitted by law, some insurance companies or their agents may confirm your information, through the use of consumer reports, which may include credit score.By submitting a quote request, you also authorize Benepath Inc. to provide the information submitted in the quote request to third-party marketing partners so that they can market related products or services to you. If you would like to opt-out of receiving promotional or marketing emails from Benepath Inc. or such marketing partners in the future, do not want us to make your information available to these companies, you can click here to unsubscribe. Please note that your decision to opt-out does not preclude us from communicating with you regarding your existing or past relationship with Benepath Inc. and shall not preclude us or our representatives from accessing and using the information you have provided in a manner that is not personally identifying (such as in aggregate or anonymous form). If you do not wish to receive further communications from any person or entity (such as a marketing partner) to whom we have forwarded your information with your permission, you must contact them directly.How We Use This Information The information that is automatically collected by this web site allows Benepath Inc. to further develop and improve the layout, design, and usability of the site, in order to better serve your Internet needs. Information you provide to us is used for marketing purposes and may result in follow-up communications.How Our Insurance Partners May Use This Information IMPORTANT: All proposed named insured listed on this application must be made aware of the following:In order to provide you with the most accurate quotes possible, insurance companies may need to obtain additional background information about you. As an example, Consumer reports may be ordered in connection with your insurance application. These reports provide information that may assist in determining your eligibility for insurance and the price you may be charged. Consumer reports may also be used for updates, renewals or extensions of this insurance. The insurance company may also obtain and use a credit-based insurance score based on information contained in your credit report. The insurance company may use a third party in connection with the development of the insurance score.Your Rights—Our Obligations The company respects the privacy of users visiting our sites and will abide by all applicable laws concerning release of personal information. On occasion, we may use certain directory information that we collect from you to send you information, via direct mail or email, about products and services, or updates and other information that we think may be of interest to you. We may share this information with our insurance partners to bring similar information to your attention. If you tell us that you do not wish to have this information used as a basis for further contact with you, we will respect your wishes. Please contact us to request that your name and address should be removed from our lists. If you do not want to receive e-mails from us, please submit a request to have your e-mail address unsubscribed by clicking here.If you wish to review or update the personal information that Benepath Inc. has collected from you, please email us at support@benepath.net. To protect your privacy and better safeguard your information, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.Our Security Measures Our web sites have security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse, and/or alteration of the information under our control.Business Transfers Personal information may be transferred as a result of acquisition, merger, or sale in bankruptcy. In such cases, the acquiring company will be required to honor the promises in this privacy policy and obtain your consent to any material changes in how your information is handled.Compliance with Law Benepath Inc. reserves the right to disclose your personal information if required to do so by law, or in the good faith belief that such action is reasonably necessary to comply with legal process, respond to claims, or protect the rights, property, or safety of our company, employees, customers, or the public.Why We Use “Cookies” When you visit some of our sites, we use cookies to keep track of your information. A “cookie” is a small piece of program code that resides on your computer and stores your contact information for all of our “Request Information” sites. Each time you visit our site, the cookie uses the stored information to pre-populate our online forms, so that you do not have to re-enter your contact information as you move from one site to another.Links From Our Site To Other Sites Some of our sites may contain links to other sites external to our sites. When you access these external web sites, the providers of the sites will have access to certain information about you. Benepath Inc. is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of any web sites which we do not directly control.DefinitionsCookies Data created by a web server that is stored on a user’s computer. A cookie provides a way for the web site to keep track of a user’s patterns and preferences and, with the cooperation of the Web browser, to store them on the user’s own hard disk.The cookies contain a range of URLs (web addresses) for which they are valid. When the browser encounters those URLs again, it sends those specific cookies to the Web server. For example, if a user’s ID is stored as a cookie, it saves that person from typing in the same information all over again when accessing that service for the second and subsequent time during the same browser session.You can opt out of the use of cookies by having your browser disable cookies or warn you before accepting a cookie. Look for the cookie options in your browser in the Options or Preferences menu.IP (Internet Protocol) Address This is the address of a computer attached to a TCP/IP network. Every client and server station must have a unique IP address. Client workstations have either a permanent address or one that is dynamically assigned for each dial-up session. IP addresses are written as four sets of numbers separated by periods; for example, 204.171.64.2.Browser Session A browser session is defined as the period a browser is in consecutive use. The session begins when you open the browser and ends when you close it. When you re-open the browser, you begin a new session.SSL Encryption (Secure Sockets Layer) All information submitted through Benepath Inc. is encrypted using SSL (Secured Sockets Layer) protocol, The leading security protocol on the Internet. When an SSL session is started, the browser sends its public key to the server so that the server can securely send a secret key to the browser. The browser and server exchange data via secret key encryption during that session. Benepath Inc. also uses SSL encryption whenever we display your personal information (e.g. name and address) on our website.URL (Uniform Resource Locator) An Internet address. URLs are used to locate sites on the Internet and to navigate between sites and pages within sites. The URL for Benepath Inc. is Benepath.netContacting Us If you have any questions or concerns about our company or this Privacy Policy, please email us at support@benepath.net
Benepath is a 1st class organization, with excellent customer service. The only reason an agent would not make money with Benepath is simply because the agent did not try. They are THE BEST INTERNET LEAD PROVIDER that I have worked with by far!
Cody A Springfield, MOJudy, I just wanted to say that the Group Leads you have sent me have been great leads.
Aaron Moody Basic HealthcareI have to say that out of all the lead companies I have worked with, Benepath has been number one for my business. Your staff is very professional and I want to thank you for your service.
Tim Lippert Independent Broker Diversified Health Group
Lead TypesIndividual HealthMedicare SupplementGroup HealthSolar LeadsCommercialAged Leads
Hey there, I’m Ben, your personal assistant. What brings you to
Benepath’s website today?
1 Live Chat
Close