http://www.electromate.com/privacy-policy/
Please be aware we use "cookies" on this website. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a visitor's hard drive to help us improve your access and identify repeat visitors. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable non-public information.
Allow Cookies
Back To Previous
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Electromate® respects the privacy of users who visit our website.  The following Policies are in effect for all of the Web pages owned and operated by Electromate® and are in place to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy.
No Spam
We often ask users to provide their e-mail address before downloading information off our site.  In some cases, your billing address or other personal information will be requested.
Electromate® maintains a strict "no-spam" policy.  Your e-mail address or mailing address will not be sold or rented to a third party.
When you register your name on our site, you may receive occasional follow up e-mails from us to inform you of product promotions, industry/company news or events.
Opt-Out
If at any time you wish to be removed from our e-mailing list, or customer list you may request to be removed by e-mailing motion-control@electromate.com.  Removals are usually done within 24 hours.
Security
All data collected on our secure site will be encrypted for your security and privacy.
Change/Modify
If at anytime you wish to change or update any personal information provided to us, simply e-mail motion-control@electromate.com with the requested changes.
IP Address
When a visitor requests pages at any Electromate® site, our Web server automatically recognizes browser's domain name and IP address as most Web sites do.  This information is collected for statistical and diagnostic purposes only.
If you have questions about our privacy policy, contact us here or call us Toll Free at (877) 737-8698.  It is our goal to provide you a private, risk-free experience with our company.
Please contact us by filling out the form below to get more information on pricing and availability.
Compare Products
Remove This Item
Compare
Clear All
Connect With Us!
Copyright © 2020 Electromate Inc. All rights reserved. ®
Product Sitemap
Sitemap
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions