http://www.unclecharleys.com/privacy-policy
At Uncle Charley’s Sausage Company, LLC (“Uncle Charley’s”) we are committed to providing a safe, quality product that provides a unique and satisfying experience to our customers. As a consumer-driven company we also place a high value on your right to privacy and the security of the personal information you voluntarily provide to us at this web site or through social media.
Please take a few minutes to read the following policy so that you understand how we use your personal information. Since we continuously improve our products and services, there may be a need to change our policy. So please check it out periodically and if you have questions or concerns please use our questions and comments link, info@unclecharleys.com or call us at 1-724-845-3302.
How your information is collected
Uncle Charley’s collects your information whenever you:
Send email to our web site.
Type information into a form and submit the form. Examples of information you submit in a form include but are not limited to, name, address, phone number, city, state, zip code, your email address, other demographic data, comments, product preferences and life interests.
Sign up for E-newsletter and promotions.
Uses of your personal information
Uncle Charley’s only collects information that is voluntarily submitted, and then only to provide our customers with the best possible product and experience. We use email addresses to respond to our customers’ comments and concerns. For those that opt to receive email notifications, news, bulletins, or other information, we will use your email address to send you this information. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address and/or phone number. Users may, however, visit our site anonymously. You may opt out of email notifications by replying to us with a subject line “Remove from list.”
Social Media Interaction
Uncle Charley’s uses third party social media sites such as Facebook, Twitter and Instagram to provide you with a more useful and entertaining experience with our events, promotions and products. By interacting with Uncle Charley’s through these third party social media sites, you are giving us permission to use the information you share with us.
This information will only be used in a way to improve our service and communication to you. We may use this data to provide you with information and experiences that better fit your preferences, or we may reply to you directly through these social media sites.
Your personal information will not be shared
Uncle Charley’s will not sell or share the personal information you provide, to any unrelated third party for the purpose of marketing or solicitation.
We use cookies to store personal information
Uncle Charley’s does use cookies to store personal information on your computer. Cookies are small strings of data created by the web site and then stored on your hard drive. Cookies provide useful information to the web site and enhance your web browsing experience. Cookies created by the Uncle Charley’s web site are only accessible by the Uncle Charley’s web site.
The cookies used at this web site cannot and do not collect data from your hard drive or infect your computer with viruses. If you have any concerns over the use of cookies you may disable cookies in your browser settings. However, by doing this you may adversely affect your ability to view the web pages that do use cookies.
Property and other rights
Information you submit to the Uncle Charley’s web site, including, for example, suggestions, ideas or comments, becomes Uncle Charley’s property. Thus, Uncle Charley’s is entitled to unrestricted use of the information, suggestions, ideas, or comments for any purpose whatsoever, commercial or otherwise, including, but not limited to, reproduction, disclosure, transmission, publication, broadcasting or posting without any compensation to you.
Uncle Charley’s may provide your personal information to others to the extent necessary to comply with applicable laws, governmental investigations, or in legal proceedings where such information is relevant. We may also disclose your personal information in cases where we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or investigate or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with our rights or property, our other web site users and their rights or property, or anyone else who could be harmed by such activities.
Liability
Uncle Charley’s Sausage Company, LLC will not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential or punitive damages arising out of access to or use of this site. Without limiting the foregoing, all information on this site is provided “AS IS” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. FURTHER, UNCLE CHARLEY’S DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THIS SITE OR THE SERVER THAT MAKES IT AVAILABLE ARE FREE OF COMPUTER “VIRUSES”.
Availability
All Uncle Charley’s products on this site may not be available to you because of the manner or locations in which the products are distributed. As a result, we cannot make any claim that the information in the site is appropriate in any jurisdiction or that the product described in the sites are available for purchase in all jurisdictions.
Contact us with any questions or comments
Please contact us with any questions or comments you may have about this policy. Your privacy and security of your information is important to us. If you believe that a violation of this policy may have occurred, please let us know. You may contact us via email at info@unclecharleys.com or call us at 1-724-845-3302
Gain access to our online coupon offers[contact-form-7 404 "Not Found"]
×
Close
The Story
Our Products
Say Uncle
Recipes
News
Contact
Warning:
Use of undefined constant user_level - assumed 'user_level' (this will throw an Error in a future version of PHP) in /nfs/c11/h03/mnt/191712/domains/unclecharleys.com/html/wp-content/plugins/ultimate-google-analytics/ultimate_ga.php on line 524