https://www.welcomefunds.com/privacy.html
Need Help? Contact Us Now!
Call 1.877.227.4484
Live Chat
Read Our
BLOG
Partner With Us
ADVISOR NETWORK
Advisor Education
Have a Case?
Join Our Network
Learn
HOW WE HELP
Professional Representation
National Buyer Network
Real Stories.
Real Value.
PolicyTrac Secure Delivery
Understand
WHAT WE DO
The Life Settlement Option
Eligibility Requirements
What You Need To Know
Free Life Settlement Quote
Find Out
WHO WE ARE
About Welcome Funds
Meet the Team
Contact Us
WelcomeFunds.com
Website Privacy Policy
WelcomeFunds.com website privacy policy outlines how we collect and use the data that you provide, as well as your options regarding accessing and updating this information.
For more information, please contact us toll-free at 1-877-227-4484.
WHAT WE DO
The Life Settlement Option
What You Need To Know
Free Confidential Quote
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: 08/31/2016
This privacy policy applies to www.welcomefunds.com, which is owned and operated by Welcome Funds Inc. (below as "WFI", "We", "Us"). This privacy policy describes how WFI collects and uses the personal information you provide on our web site, www.welcomefunds.com. It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personal information and how you can access and update this information.
If you have questions or complaints regarding our privacy policy or practices, please contact us at info@welcomefunds.com.
1. Information Collection and Use
We collect the following personal information from you on our website:
Contact Information such as name, email address, mailing address, phone number
Medical Information such as health history and medical conditions
Demographic information such as age, gender, marital status and zip code
If you are interested in joining our network of advisors, information about your business such as company name and business type
We use this information to:
Process your qualification status
Fulfill your requests
Send you requested service information
Respond to customer service requests
Send you a newsletter, if opted for
Improve our Web site and marketing efforts
Conduct research and analysis
Display content based upon your interests
2. Information Sharing
We will share your personal information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy policy.
Service Providers
We may provide your personal information to companies that provide services to help us with our business activities such as hosting our Web site and sending emails. These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us and are contractually obligated to keep your information confidential.
Legal Disclaimer
We may also disclose your personal information:
as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, bankruptcy proceedings or similar legal process
when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request,
if WFI is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information,
to any other third party with your prior consent to do so
3. User Access and Choice
If your personal information changes, you may ask to have it corrected, updated, amended or removed by emailing our Customer Support at info@welcomefunds.com or by contacting us by telephone or postal mail at the contact information listed below. If you no longer desire our service, please contact us directly. We will respond to your request within 30 days.
We will retain your information for as long as needed to provide you services. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Opt-out Preferences
If you wish to subscribe to our newsletter, we will use your name and email address to send the newsletter to you. Out of respect for your privacy, you may choose to stop receiving our newsletter or marketing emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in these emails or you can contact us at info@welcomefunds.com
4. Tracking Technologies / Cookies
Technologies such as: cookies, beacons, tags and scripts are used by WFI and our partners, affiliates, or analytics or service providers such as Google Analytics and Better Business Bureau. These technologies are used in analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users' movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole.
A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user's computer for record-keeping purposes. We use cookies on this site. However, we do not link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our site.
We use both session ID cookies and persistent cookies. A session ID cookie expires when you close your browser. A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time. These cookies are deployed to help streamline the use of our Web site and remember certain information about you to make navigation easier. You can remove persistent cookies by following directions provided in your Internet browser's "help" directory. If you reject cookies, you may still use our site, but your ability to use some areas of our site, such as filling out forms, will be limited.
We use Local Storage Objects (LSOs) such as HTML5 to store content information and preferences. Various browsers may offer their own management tools for removing HTML5 LSOs.
Analytics / Log Files
As is true of most web sites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data. We use this information, which does not identify individual users, to analyze trends, to administer the site, to track users' movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We do not link this automatically-collected data to personally identifiable information.
Behavioral Targeting / Re-Targeting
We partner with a third party ad network to either display advertising on our Web site or to manage our advertising on other sites. Our ad network partner uses cookies and Web beacons to collect non-personally identifiable information about your activities on this and other Web sites to provide you targeted advertising based upon your interests.
5. Security
The security of your personal information is important to us. When you enter information on our online forms, we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). We follow generally accepted standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If you have any questions about security on our Web site, you can contact us at info@welcomefunds.com
6. Additional Information
Links to 3rd Party Sites
Our Site includes links to other Web sites whose privacy practices may differ from those of WFI. If you submit personal information to any of those sites, your information is governed by their privacy policies. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any Web site you visit.
Changes To This Policy
We may update this privacy policy to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
7. Contact Us
Office Address:
4755 Technology Way
Suite 202
Boca Raton, FL 33431
Phone Numbers:
Toll-Free: 1-877-227-4484
Local Phone: 561-862-0244
Facsimile: 561-862-0242
Client Services - info@welcomefunds.com
COMPANY INFO
Welcome Funds, Inc.
4755 Technology Way
Suite 202
Boca Raton, FL 33431
Toll-Free:
Phone:
Fax:
877.227.4484
561.862.0244
561.862.0242
info@welcomefunds.com
CONSUMER EDUCATION
Eligibility Requirements
Life Settlement Tax Info
What You Need To Know
Life Settlement Applications
Life Settlement Glossary
FINANCIAL PROFESSIONALS
Life Settlement CE
Advisor Education
Have a Case?
Join Our Network
Free Life Settlement Quote
IMPORTANT NOTICES
Terms of Service
Review Privacy Policy
Due Diligence
Website Security
State Regulations
© 2020 Welcome Funds Inc. All rights reserved.
Welcome Fund’s Inc’s services may not be available in all states and such services, where available, shall be transacted by Welcome Funds Inc or by a principal of Welcome Funds Inc. Please be advised that some state regulations use the term “viatical settlement” as opposed to “life settlement” to describe all transactions, regardless of the health of the insured, involving the sale of an existing life insurance policy to a third party. All real stories, case studies and transactional data provided and contained on this website are based on the internal files of actual viatical and/or life settlement transactions processed by Welcome Funds Inc since its inception, and the specific characteristics of each case, including but not limited to the names and images of our clients, have been changed to protect their privacy. The following summary represents the transactional averages of Welcome Funds Inc. for policies closed between 1/1/2020 to 6/30/2020: $319,549 net amount paid to seller, 25.96% of net death benefit paid to seller, 11 bids negotiated per closed policy, and insured age of 77.09.
TEXAS DISCLAIMER - This website is not intended for owners of a life insurance policy or a certificate holder under a group policy in the State of Texas.
Texas owners and certificate holders, please click here.