http://www.ruekertmielke.com/privacy-policy
Home
Who We Are
About R/M
Meet Our Experts
Corporate Responsibility
Life with R/M
Careers
Industries
Municipal
Education
Healthcare
Real-Estate
Energy & Utilities
What We Do
Services
Technology
Featured Projects
RESOURCES
Articles
eRooms
GIS Blog
GIS User Group Meetings
Grant Opportunities
Project Bids
Seminars
Video Gallery
Webinars
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicyLast Updated:  August 2019The purpose of this “Privacy Policy” is to describe how Ruekert & Mielke, Inc. (“Ruekert & Mielke”) collects, uses and shares personal information about you through our online interfaces, including ruekertmielke.com, ruekert-mielke.com, fieldally.com, assetally.com, their subdomains and our web-based GIS Application (collectively referred to as the “Site”). If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us as set forth below.SCOPE; THIRD-PARTY SITESThis Privacy Policy applies only to personal information we collect at and through the Site. Third-party websites and applications that are accessible through the Site may collect personal information.  The information practices of third-party websites and applications are not covered by this Privacy Policy.  Ruekert & Mielke is not responsible for the privacy policies or data collection practices of third-party websites and applications, including social media sites.  We encourage you to review privacy policies offered by third-party websites before disclosing personal information.TYPES OF INFORMATION WE COLLECTInformation You Provide to Us.  Types of personal information we collect when you provide it to us include:NameUsername & passwordTransaction historyProject dataE-mail addressEmployment historyInformation related to your product needs, such as operating conditions and choice of servicesTelephone numberAddressesCommunicationsGeolocation informationCOOKIESRuekert & Mielke and our service providers use cookies, web beacons, and other technologies to receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with our Site through your computer or mobile device.  We use this information to help provide you a better experience when using the Site and to analyze the use of the Site and our online advertisements.  A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website.  When you visit the website again, the cookie allows the Site to recognize your browser.  Cookies may store unique identifiers, user preferences and other information, such as what pages you visit or how you arrived on the Site.  You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent.  However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies.  To learn more about cookies, please visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org. THIRD-PARTY ANALYTICS We use web analytics tools provided by service partners, including, but not limited to FullStory, Squarespace, Wistia, Google Analytics and Google Analytics Advertising Features, such as Adwords.  Our service partners use third-party cookies to collect information about how you interact with our Site, including what pages you visit, page actions, what site you visited prior to visiting our Site, how much time you spend on each page, what operating system and web browser you use and network, and IP information.  Google Analytics uses cookies to customize the advertisements you see to ensure they are relevant to you.  For more information regarding Google Analytics, please visit Google's website and pages that describe Google Analytics, such as www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html.  We use the information provided by these tools to improve our services and our online advertisements.  These tools place session and persistent cookies in your browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit our website.  Each cookie used can only be used by the applicable service provider (ex: Google for Google Analytics).  The information collected from the cookie may be transmitted to and stored by these service partners on servers in a country other than the country in which you reside, including the United States. HOW WE USE AND SHARE YOUR INFORMATIONRuekert & Mielke uses your personal information to create user accounts, process orders, provide services and support, initiate communications, send marketing materials, personalize your customer experience, assist our recruiting and hiring process, monitor website use and analytics, quality assurance, and grant access to special online resources and applications. Additionally, you can sign-up/opt-in to receive free information regarding product updates, promotions, and industry news via e-mail or standard mail.  This is purely optional. Removal/opt-out from these lists is available at any time. We may disclose your personal information to third parties, or may permit third party service providers to collect your personal information, who have been retained to assist us in running our business.  These third parties include, but are not limited to, human resources/recruiting firms, common carriers, website hosts, municipalities, and distributors.  These parties help host our Site, send out email updates about the Site, provide marketing and advertising services for us, fulfill and deliver services from Ruekert & Mielke, assist in our hiring efforts, and process payments.  These service providers will have access to your personal information in order to provide these services, but when this occurs Ruekert & Mielke implements reasonable contractual protections to limit their use of that information to helping us provide services and products.Ruekert & Mielke does not sell personal information to third-party vendors.  TRANSFER IN THE EVENT OF CHANGE IN CONTROLIf the ownership of all or substantially all of our business changes or we otherwise transfer all or part of our assets relating to our business or the Site to a third-party, such as by merger, acquisition, bankruptcy proceeding, joint venture, partnership or otherwise, we may transfer or sell your personal information to the new owner.  In such a case, unless otherwise permitted by applicable law, your information would remain subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Privacy Policy unless you agree differently.LEGAL PROCEEDINGSRuekert & Mielke may share personal information with third-party companies, organizations or individuals outside of Ruekert & Mielke if we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:  (1) meet any applicable law, regulation, subpoena, legal process or governmental request; (2) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues; or (3) protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Ruekert & Mielke, our employees, users, customers, or others.ACCESS TO YOUR INFORMATION AND CHOICESUnder certain circumstances, you may have the right to access, correct, or delete certain of your personal information.  You also have the right to withdraw any consent you have given Ruekert & Mielke to process your personal information.  If you have questions about the personal information Ruekert & Mielke has about you, need to request to modify, access, or delete your information, or want to withdraw your consent for Ruekert & Mielke to process your personal information, you can contact Ruekert & Mielke as set forth below.SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION Ruekert & Mielke uses industry standard physical, technical, and administrative security measures and safeguards to protect the confidentiality and security of your personal information.  However, since the Internet is not a 100% secure environment, we cannot guarantee, ensure, or warrant the security of any information you transmit to Ruekert & Mielke.  There is no guarantee that information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards.  It is your responsibility to protect the security of your login information.  RETENTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATIONRuekert & Mielke will retain your personal information as needed to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected.  We will retain and use your personal information as necessary to comply with our business requirements, legal obligations, resolve disputes, protect our assets, and enforce our agreements. PROCESSING IN THE UNITED STATESRuekert & Mielke conducts its business solely in the United States.  The Site is operated and managed on servers located and operated within the United States.  The United States is not recognized as having adequate safeguards.  Residents and citizens of countries and jurisdictions outside of the United States should recognize that the transfer to and processing of personal information on servers located in the United States may not provide the same protection of such information as required under the laws of your residence or location. CHILDREN’S PRIVACYRuekert & Mielke’s Site is not directed toward children under 13 years of age.  If you are under the age of 13, please do not attempt to use this Site, register with us at this Site, or provide any personal information about yourself.  Ruekert & Mielke does not knowingly collect or use information from children under the age of 13.POLICY MODIFICATIONS AND AMENDMENTSRuekert & Mielke reserves the right to modify or amend this policy at any time.  Updates will be posted on this website.  Changes will be effective immediately upon their posting.  Online modifications and amendments supersede any printed version/copy of these policies, terms and conditions.  We recommend checking back from time to time to see if we have updated the policy.CONTACT USFor questions, comments, concerns, complaints, or suggestions regarding this Privacy Policy, or if you otherwise need to contact Ruekert & Mielke, please e-mail us at privacy@ruekert-mielke.com, call us at (262) 542-5733, or contact us by U.S. postal mail at the following address W233 N2080 Ridgeview Pkwy, Waukesha, WI 53188.