http://www.ozone-india.com/legal-privacy
Skip to main content
menu
Ozone International
Main menu
About Us
Solutions
Products
Careers
Contact Us
New Arrivals
Catalogues
Apps
Videos
Warranty
Search By :
Product
Videos
Media Gallery
Projects
Events
Catalogues
Legal & Privacy
At OZONE, we care about the privacy of our visitors and we are committed to protecting your privacy and data at all times.
We do not collect any data or your personal information, discreetly. Wherever, requisite information about your demographics or preference is needed, the same is collected through fillable data entry fields available on the website. It is not our policy to collect any personal data without first advising you of this. You will always know when you are providing personal data to us. For example if you fill in a form or make an order from this website we will need to take certain information from you in order to complete the requisite details and process your order. This may include details relating to your mode of payment. We do not store any transaction details as we use secure e-payment gateways to process our payments through approved third party merchant processors.
Secure e-payments is a part of third party gateway and their privacy policy can be viewed at a payment stage.
We will use any data that you provide to us to notify you of offers or products that may be of interest to you but at no time will we provide your data to third parties for their marketing activities. In case you wish to stop these alerts, you may simply opt out by writing back to us of your desire to not be included in the mailing list.
The security of all information that we collect and store is critical and we observe strict data security guidelines to make sure that all data is stored and processed securely. If you have any questions or queries regarding our privacy policy use and storage of data, please do not hesitate to contact us by email at ozone@ozone-india.com.
Android App
IOS App
Call us at
+91-9310012300
& mail us at customercare@ozone-india.com
Query Form
Customer Care :
+ 91 - 9310012300
customercare@ozone-india.com
Follow us
Company
About Us
Careers
Projects
Events
Media Gallery
Design Philosophy
Sitemap
Need Help
Business Wise Contacts
Customer Care
FAQs
Product
Glass Fittings
Door Hardware
Kitchen Fittings
Automatic Door Systems
Digital Locks
Digital Safes
CCTV Surveillance Systems
Customized Railings
Urban Furniture
Fire Doors & Cleanroom
Policy
Legal & Privacy
Disclaimer
Sign Up for Newsletter
© 2020 Ozone Overseas Pvt. Ltd. All rights reserved.
Developed by : GigaSoft™