https://www.headwallphotonics.com/privacy-statement
Applications
CHRSE - Center for Hyperspectral Remote Sensing Europe
Remote Sensing
Advanced Machine Vision
Food Quality & Grading
Food Safety & Pathogen Detection
Process Control
Pharmaceutical Manufacturing
Medical/Biotech
Government-Defense
Earth Observation from Space
Technology
Field of View
Data Exploitation
Polygon Tool
Products
Hyperspectral Sensors
Integrated Airborne Solutions
Airborne Training
Raman Spectrometers
OEM Solutions
Software
Events
About Headwall
About Headwall
Working at Headwall
Open Positions
Published Research
Airborne Field Lab Training
Blog
Press Releases
Privacy Statement & Warranty Notice
Contact Us
Support
FOV Calculator
Videos
Regulatory Documentation
+1-978-353-4100
Headwall Privacy Statement & Warranty Notice
General
This Site is controlled and operated by Headwall Photonics, Inc. ("Headwall") and contains "cookies". Headwall makes no representations about information or materials available on this Site. If you choose to access this Site, you do so of your own volition and you are solely responsible for compliance with all applicable laws. Headwall may change the terms and conditions contained on this page at any time and you should periodically visit this page to determine the then-current terms governing your use of the Site and of the information and materials presented there.
Consent
Headwall respects your privacy. We also request your consent.
By clicking the SUBMIT button on any of our forms, you consent to receive information from Headwall as well as possible further correspondence from us pursuant only to our respective business interests. We only collect information relevant to this, and nothing more. Most importantly, we do not share your information with any third parties, unless you have given express permission for us to do so.
About Cookies
Cookies are small pieces of data sent from a website and stored on a website user's web browser while a user is browsing a website. When the user browses the same website in the future, the data stored in the cookie can be retrieved by the website to notify the website of the user's previous activity. Cookies do not harm your computer in any way, and are usually automatically deleted after a certain period of time, such as six months.
Does Headwall use cookies on its website?
Yes. Like virtually all websites, Headwall uses certain types of cookies on its site. This allows us to collect non-personal information through a variety of technologies. This helps us identify visitors who return to our site and tells us such things as how many users visited our site, the pages that were accessed, and whether there were any technical problems in loading pages or navigating through our site. By collecting this information, we learn what parts of our sites are the most interesting or valuable to our users, and can monitor overall interest in our website. It also lets us spot technical problems with our site so we can correct them right away. This, in turn, helps us upgrade our website and improve our offerings for our visitors.
Am I required to accept cookies to use the Headwall website?
No. You can disable the use of cookies by websites (including ours) by turning off the cookie function on your browser.
What information do you receive about me through cookies?
We use essential cookies to allow users to be authenticated through our site. We also may use Browser and Flash cookies to tell us, for example, whether you’ve visited us before, and to help us identify site features in which you may have the greatest interest. Browser and Flash cookies may enhance your online experience by saving your preferences while you are visiting a particular site so that you do not need to reset or re-enter them each time you visit the website.
Neither Browser nor Flash cookies can identify you as an individual.
You can decline any Browser cookie through your browser. However, without Browser cookies you may not be able to take full advantage of all our website features. Similar to Browser cookies, you may not be able to take full advantage of all website features once you have disabled Flash cookies.
What happens if I choose not to disable cookies on my computer?
Unless you disable such technologies, by using our website and online services, you agree that we can place these types of cookies and related technologies on your device.
Restrictions on Use
The materials presented on this Site are copyrighted works of Headwall or others. Except for software covered by a separate license agreement (see below) or for materials bearing the copyright notice of a party other than Headwall, you are permitted to download and use these materials solely for personal, noncommercial purposes. You must retain and not remove any copyright notices or other proprietary notices contained in the materials. You may not copy, modify, republish or distribute these materials or post them on any network computer or broadcast them without the express written permission of Headwall . For materials bearing the copyright notice of a party other than Headwall, you are responsible for obtaining the permission of the copyright owner before making any use of such materials.
Because of the open and public nature of this Site, you should not have any expectations of privacy or confidentiality regarding any information or materials that you transmit to this Site. Furthermore, by transmitting any information or materials, you will be deemed to have granted Headwall the unrestricted right to use such information or materials, and any ideas or concepts that they contain, for any purpose as determined by Headwall.
Software Licenses
Any software which Headwall makes available for downloading via the Site may be subject to the terms and conditions of a specific license agreement governing its use, reproduction and distribution. Before being permitted to download such software, you may be required to access a copy of such license and to acknowledge your familiarity with and acceptance of the terms of such license. To the extent that the terms of a particular license conflict with the terms listed on this page, such license agreement terms shall prevail with respect to such software.
US Government Restricted Rights
Except where subject to a specific license agreement, with respect to software made available on this Site, Headwall's commercial software and commercial computer software documentation is provided to United States Government agencies in accordance with these terms and per subparagraph "(c)" of the "Commercial Computer Software - Restricted Rights" clause at FAR 52.227-19 (June 1987) and for DOD agencies, the restrictions set forth in the "Technical Data-Commercial Items" clause at DFARS 252.227-7015 (Nov 1995) shall also apply.
Export Control
You may not download or otherwise export or re-export any information, materials or software except in full compliance with all United States and other applicable laws and regulations. By downloading the information, materials or software, you are agreeing to the foregoing and you are warranting that you are in compliance with the foregoing.
Disclaimer of Warranty
All information and materials provided on this site are "as-is" without warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied. Headwall and its suppliers disclaim all warranties, expressed or implied, including, without limitation, those of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement or arising from a course of dealing, usage, or trade practice.
Limitation of Liability
In no event shall Headwall or its suppliers be liable for any direct, special, incidental, indirect, or consequential damages or any damages arising out of the use or inability to use the information or materials on this site. This includes, without limitation, lost profits or revenues, costs of replacement goods, loss or damage to data arising out of the use or inability to use this site or any Headwall product, or damages resulting from use of or reliance on the information presented, even if Headwall or its suppliers have been advised of the possibility of such damages.
Links to Third-Party Sites
The Headwall site contains links to other Web sites. Headwall is not responsible for the content of such sites. Headwall is providing these links to you only as a convenience and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Headwall of the site. Access to any other Web site via the Headwall site is at your own, sole risk.
Information Sharing & Disclosure
Headwall Photonics, Inc. does not rent, sell, or share information about you with other people or non-affiliated companies except to provide information or services you’ve requested in writing, by e-mail, in person, or via telephone, and then only when we have your permission.
Voluntary Adherence to EU-US Privacy Shield Framework
While Headwall has not self-certified with the US Department of Commerce, we voluntarily comply with as many of the principles of the framework for protection of personal data of EU individuals as possible, in support of transatlantic commerce. As a convenience for interested individuals, we provide a link to the US Department of Commerce Privacy Shield website and an e-mail address (information@headwallphotonics.com) to send any inquiries or complaints related to individual privacy to Headwall. We also can receive telephone calls to our company headquarters at +1-978-353-4100.
As an individual that has interacted with Headwall, you have the right to access your personal data. Headwall is required to disclose personal information in response to a lawful request by public authorities. Public authorities that could request personal information include US federal, state, or local law enforcement or EU authorities if it is determined that the jusidiction involved and circumstances require Headwall compliance. Headwall does not transfer individual personal data to third-parties without the express consent of the individual.
As an individual that has interacted with Headwall, you may bring a complaint directly to Headwall via a number of means, including the aforementioned e-mail address or telephone number, as well as direct personal discourse at our company headquarters at 580 Main Street, Bolton, MA 01740, Unites States of America during normal business hours.
Headwall commits to responding as promptly as possible to inquiries and requests by the US Department of Commerce for information relating to an individual’s inquiry or complaint.
Headwall limits the gathering of personal information to the information relevant for order processing or the fulfillment of a request for company, product, or service information and complies with the latest data-retention principles.
If transferring personal information to a third party acting as processor, Headwall complies with applicable notice and choice principles and enters into a contract with the third-party wherein such data may only be processed for limited and specific purposes consistent with the consent provided by the individual and the recipient will provide the same level of protection, and that the third-party will notify Headwall if it can no longer meet this obligation. If that determination is made, then the third-party will cease processing or take other reasonable and appropriate steps to remediate.
If personal data is transferred to a third-party processor, such data is used only for limited and specified purposes. Unless otherwise agreed upon, the third-party processor is typically obligated by Headwall to provide at least the same level or privacy protection as required by the principles. Reasonable and appropriate steps will be taken to ensure that the third-party processor effectively processes the personal information transferred in a manner consistent with Headwall’s obligations under the principles. If the third-party processor determines that it can no longer meet its obligation, the third-party will notify Headwall and stop and remediate unautorized processing. Headwall will provide upon request a summary or representative copy of its contract with the third party.
Headwall commits to periodic review and publication of its privacy and data retention principles.
California Online Privacy Protection Act (CalOPPA)
Headwall collects the following personally identifiable information from online or other customer-submitted forms: name, affiliation, e-mail address, telephone number (optional), city, state or province, country and region, purchase timeframe, application interest, desire for a sales quote (optional), and information about the spectral application (optional).
Unless consent is expressly given, Headwall does not share personally identified information with third parties
Consumers can review and request changes to his or her personally identifiable information as collected by Headwall or third-party processors by means of written correspondence, e-mail, telephone call or in-person discourse with Headwall
Headwall notifies consumers of material changes to the operator’s privacy policy by means of publication to the company website
The effective date of the privacy policy can be seen on the Headwall Privacy Policy / Privacy Statement pageHeadwall’s website or other online services respond to Do Not Track signals from Web browsers by respecting such browsers’ Do Not Track requests.
Headwall does not grant third-party collection of personally identifiable information on our website or other online services.
EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
Headwall utilizes GDPR-compliant services for data protection and database opt-in campaigns in order to remain in compliance with current regulations. Subscribers may confirm or re-confirm their desire to be part of our mailing list, or unsubscribe from our mailing list via clickable link, telephone call, written or e-mail correspondence, or in-person discourse. Consent to be added to our mailing list must be freely given, specific, informed, and unambiguous. Individuals may request access to their contact-record data by e-mail, telephone call, written or e-mail correspondence, or in-person discourse. Headwall will respond with reasonable and appropriate speed to deliver that data by e-mail, telephone call, written or e-mail correspondence, or in-person discourse.
Children's Online Privacy Protection Rule (COPPA)
Headwall’s website, printed and electronic collateral, advertising, and products are not directed towards children under the age of 13 years old. Headwall does not knowingly allow access or collect any personal information from children.
Trademark Notice
Headwall®, Hyperspec®, SpectralView®, and the Headwall logo are registered trademarks of Headwall Photonics, Inc.  All Headwall, other company, product, or service names mentioned herein may be the trademarks of their respective owners.
Copyright Notice
©2020 Headwall Photonics, Inc. All rights reserved.
Effective Date
The effective date of this latest revision of the Headwall Privacy Policy is March 6, 2020.
information(at)headwallphotonics.com
+1-978-353-4100
Applications
Technology
Products
Events
About Headwall
Contact Us
Support
© 2020 Headwall Photonics, Inc. All Rights Reserved.