https://www.topsmarkets.com/privacy/policy/
Gift Cards
Rx Refills Rx Refills
Careers Careers
Store Locator Store Locator
Contact Us Contact Us
Search Site
Search Tops Markets on mobile
Submit Search
Search Tops Markets
Submit Search
Sign-In |
Register
Toggle navigation
Home
Savings
TOPS Coupon Central®
TOPS Weekly Ad
Shopping List
Diaper Club
Email Sign-up
TOPS Mobile App
Gas Savings
BonusPlus® Points
Savings Clubs
TOPS BonusPlus®
TOPS Business Plus
Beer Savings
Departments
Dairy
Deli & Carryout Cafe
Frozen
In-Store Bakery
Kosher
Natural & Organic
Meat
Pharmacy
Produce
Seafood
Your Neighborhood Florist
Our Brands
Tops Brand
Full Circle Market
Top Care
Pure Harmony & Paws Pet
ValuTime
Wellness
Independent Health Rewards
Pharmacy
Lactose Intolerance
Living With Diabetes
Refills & Transfers
Superfoods
DMV Vision Screenings
Entertaining
Great Entertaining
Tops Gift Cards
Other Gift Card Choices
Hallmark
Recipes
My Cookbook
Weekly Recipes
Browse Recipes
Search Recipes
Sustainability
Gift Cards
Shop Online
Store Locator
Contact Us
My BonusPlus® Account
Sign-In
Register
My BonusPlus® Points
My eCoupons
My Shopping List
UPDATED MAY 1, 2019
Privacy Policy
TOPS Markets® (Tops) believes in the importance of protecting its customers' information. Tops values your business and the trust you place in us. To help you better understand how Customer Information (as defined below) is collected, used and protected at Tops, this Privacy Policy outlines: (a) our definition of Customer Information, (b) how Customer Information is collected, (c) how Customer Information is used, (d) how you may prevent your Customer Information from being collected, and (e) the measures we take to safeguard Customer Information.
Our primary reasons for collecting Customer Information are to help deliver greater value to you and to improve your shopping experience with us. For example, we may use Customer Information to tell you about products, services, special savings, coupons and discounts we believe may be of interest to you, and to advise you of important information such as product recalls.
What is Customer Information?
"Customer Information" is information that is obtained by Tops when our customers purchase a product or service in our stores, or when our customers interact with us as described in this Privacy Policy. Customer Information includes both generic information that does not contain any specific information about you, as well as Customer Identifiable Information which is information that identifies or is specific to you. Customer Identifiable Information typically includes your name, address, email address, and/or telephone number.
Generic information is information like sales data that does not contain any specific information about you or others ("Generic Information"). Since Generic Information cannot be linked to you or any other specific individual, it may be used by Tops or others for any purpose.
Customer Information, as defined in this Privacy Policy, does not include any of your pharmacy records. Your pharmacy records are kept separate and apart from other Customer Information. Importantly, all pharmacy records are kept and maintained in strict accordance with the privacy and confidentiality requirements mandated by federal and state law. Our privacy policy for pharmacy records is described in the Tops Markets Notice of Privacy Practices, which is available on our website or at any of our pharmacy locations. Click here to view the Pharmacy Privacy Policy or speak to your pharmacist for additional information.
Children
Our Website is not intended for children under 13 years of age. In compliance with the children's online privacy protection act, children under the age of 13 shall not provide any personal information to us through our website, through our apps, or otherwise. Tops does not knowingly collect personal information on children under the age of 13.
How is Customer Identifiable Information Collected?
Tops collects Customer Identifiable Information from various sources, including the following:
Information we receive when you use your TOPS BonusPlus®;
Information you give us on application forms, surveys, store kiosks, sweepstake entries, contests, and rebate submissions;
Information you provide to us over the phone, through the mail, or via email;
Information we collect through your browser when you visit our website and your browser interacts with our computer systems;
Information we collect through mobile applications distributed by Tops; and
Information provided to us by other companies that have collected information about you and that have the lawful right to give this information to us.
Mobile Devices
Tops provides mobile applications ("Apps") that can be downloaded to your mobile device. To provide meaningful notifications about our stores and products, these Apps may collect information about your real-time location. You may adjust the settings on your mobile device to allow or prevent the sharing of location information. We may share information collected through our Apps with third parties.
How is Customer Identifiable Information used?
In order to provide you with products and services we believe may meet your needs and interests, Tops discloses Customer Identifiable Information about you, your purchases and your shopping experiences with Tops to marketing service providers that are utilized by Tops to perform services such as sending a mail offer from us to you. Importantly, we require these marketing service providers to sign an agreement that prohibits them from using your Customer Identifiable Information for other purposes and/or from disclosing your Customer Identifiable Information to anyone else
Tops may also disclose Customer Identifiable Information to third party companies who accumulate and combine data to produce aggregated information that is not identifiable to you or any other specific individual ("Aggregated Information"). Importantly, we require these third party companies to sign an agreement that prohibits them from using your Customer Identifiable Information for other purposes and/or from disclosing your Customer Identifiable Information to anyone else. Aggregated Information, like Generic Information, cannot be linked to you or any other specific individual, and is therefore not covered by this Privacy Policy, and may be used by Tops or others for any purpose.
We may also provide your Customer Identifiable Information to a third party to complete your purchases. For example, if you use a credit or debit card to pay for your purchases at Tops your card number and transaction information will be shared with the payment processor or card issuer (credit or debit card information is only shared as necessary to complete the respective transaction). In addition, Tops may disclose Customer Identifiable Information as required by law, as required to protect the rights or safety of Tops or our customers, or in response to a specific law enforcement request. Tops may also disclose Customer Identifiable Information to its affiliates, and may transfer Customer Identifiable Information in connection with a sale of its business operations, reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture or other disposition of the assets or stock of (or membership interest in) Tops.
How can I prevent my Customer Identifiable Information from being collected?
You consent to us collecting and using your Customer Identifiable Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy by: (a) signing up for and using your Tops BonusPlus¨ without opting out of the collection of Customer Identifiable Information, (b) registering on our website, (c) interacting with us via phone, mail or e-mail, or (d) otherwise voluntarily providing us with your Customer Identifiable Information.
You may opt-out of receiving special offers by mail or e-mail sent by or on behalf of Tops, by (1) adjusting the user preferences on your TopsMarkets.com profile or (2) contacting Tops Consumer Relations, toll-free, at 1-800-522-2522. Please note that you may still receive weekly ads, other mailings or communications sent without the use of your Customer Identifiable Information.
You may prevent your Customer Identifiable Information from being collected by shopping without your Tops BonusPlus¨ or by contacting Tops Consumer Relations, toll-free at 1-800-522-2522 to opt-out. If one member of a household opts out, all members sharing the same Tops BonusPlus¨ will also be covered by the opt-out.
Please keep in mind that if you elect not to use your Tops BonusPlus¨ you may not be eligible for Tops BonusPlus¨ savings and rewards. Also, if you shop without your Tops BonusPlus¨ or opt out of collection of your Customer Identifiable Information with your Tops BonusPlus¨, you may not be eligible for certain benefits, including but not limited to:
notifications regarding product recalls and product safety information;
the ability to set-up an account on TopsMarkets.com and/or the Tops BonusPlus®: app;
login to an existing account on TopsMarkets.com and/or the Tops BonusPlus®: app;
the ability to use TopsMarket.com and/or the Tops BonusPlus®: app to check BonusPlus®: points (e.g., GasPoints, Christmas Bonus, Diaper Club, etc.) or to create shopping lists;
loading digital click-to-card e-Coupons;
special offers and savings in-store communicated by mail or by email;
notifications regarding programs, products, or services that may be of interest to you;
automatic entry into sweepstakes;
using an alternate phone-number look-up at checkout for Tops BonusPlus®: savings; and
participating in fund-raising programs such as Tops in Education.
What measures have been designed to safeguard Customer Identifiable Information?
Protecting Customer Identifiable Information is a priority for Tops. Our employee Code of Ethics and this Privacy Policy emphasize its importance. Tops employees who violate these policies and procedures are subject to disciplinary action. Marketing service providers and other third parties that receive Customer Identifiable Information are required to preserve the confidentiality of that information under the terms of our contracts with them. Tops also maintains physical, electronic and procedural safeguards that meet or exceed industry standards that are designed to keep unauthorized persons from accessing Customer Identifiable Information stored on its systems.
Will the Privacy Policy change?
Tops may modify this Privacy Policy from time to time. The most recent Privacy Policy can be viewed at www.TopsMarkets.com. The date of the last revision is noted at the end of this Privacy Policy.
If you have further questions, please contact Tops Consumer Relations, toll-free at 1-800-522-2522, or click "Contact Us" from our website If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact TOPS Consumer Relations, toll-free at 1-800-522-2522, or contact us through our website.
Last Revised: May, 2019
×
By continuing to browse our site, you agree to our use of Cookies, Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
I Agree
I Agree
At
xs
sm
md
lg
Bootstrap Responsive Breakpoint
PWS 59
HTML5
...
×
Close