http://www.vetclick.com/privacy-cookie-policy/
Home
Privacy & Cookie Policy
This Privacy and Cookie Policy explains how VetClick UK Limited uses personal information we collect and how you can limit our use of that personal data.
1. What information do we gather?
1.1 We gather information that relates to, and can identify you (e.g. your name and address) and information that does not identify you (e.g. a visitor’s behaviour patterns when they visit our website). We collect information that does not identify you to evaluate our site, ensure that our site and services run properly and ensure we are paid for advertising services we offer.
2. How do we gather information?
2.1 Information is gathered in two ways:
(1) indirectly (e.g. using website technology or technology when you visit VetClick using a mobile device); and
(2) directly (e.g. when you sign up to create a VetClick profile).
3. Use of your information
3.1 We might use your personal information to:
(1) remember you when you visit our website and track your browsing patterns by using cookies. You can prevent this; section 5 deals with this in more detail.
(2) ensure any products or services you receive are correctly administered (including memberships).
(3) contact you by email, mail or telephone to let you know about any of our products, services or promotions (which, in some cases may be provided by third parties) if you give us permission.
(4) ensure materials on the website are presented in the most effective manner for you and your computer.
(5) collate and log numeric internet addresses to improve the website and to monitor website usage.
3.2 If you have subscribed to any of or services, we will use the information you provide to keep you updated on those services unless you tell us otherwise.
4. Accessing and updating your personal information
4.1 You can update your details and marketing preferences by accessing your account pages on the website, by emailing info@vetclick.com or by writing to us at 125 Wightman Road, London, N4 1RJ.
4.2 You have the right to access the personal information held about you. To obtain a copy of the personal information we hold about you, please send an email to info@vetclick.com. There will be an administrative charge of £3 for providing a copy of this information.
5. Cookies
5.1 A cookie is a small piece of information that is placed on your computer when you visit certain websites. They are text files and can't be used to read information on your Hard Drive or to spread Viruses or Malware. Find out more about the use of cookies on http://www.cookiecentral.com.
5.2 The type of cookies we use are called 'session cookies' and are deleted when a user closes their browser.
5.3 We use cookies to:
(1) allow our website to remember that you have logged in, when you've successfully logged in to your account.
(2) administer services to you and to advertisers.
(3) allow 'add to cart' type functionality.
5.4 Most browsers allow you to turn off cookies. To do this look at the 'help' menu on your browser. Switching off cookies may restrict your use of the website and/or delay or affect the way in which it operates.
6. Third party advertising cookies
6.1 Most of the advertisements you see on the website are generated by third parties.
Some of these third parties generate their own cookies (or web beacons) to track how many people have seen a particular advertisement (or use the services of third parties to do this), and to track how many people have seen it more than once. These cookies cannot be used to identify an individual; they can only be used for statistical purposes, for example, in providing you with advertisements that are more relevant to your interests. Some of the information gleaned from third party cookies will be aggregated with other anonymous information for statistical purposes. The third party companies that generate these cookies have their own, very strict, privacy policies but we don't have access to these cookies; other than allowing them to be served, we have no role to play in these cookies at all (although we may use statistical information arising from these third party cookies and provided to us by third parties, to improve the targeting of advertisements to users of the website).
6.2 If you would like to disable "third party" cookies generated by advertisers or providers of targeted advertising services, you can turn them off by going to the third party's website and getting them to generate a one-time "no thanks" cookie that will stop any further cookies being written to your machine. Here are links to the two main third party advertising platforms we use, each of which haveinstructions on how to do this: http://www.doubleclick.com/us/about_doubleclick/privacy/ad-cookie/
6.3 You can also visit the trade body representing these advertising companies for more information on how to opt out of these cookies: http://youronlinechoices.com/
7. The cookies on our website
Cookie Name
Description
civicAllowCookies
civicShowCookieIcon
Cookie Control: When you click "I'm happy with this..." on the Cookie Control user interface, a cookie is set in order to remember your preference.
These cookies are set only after the user has given consent to us to use cookies.
__utma
Google Analytics: We use Google Analytics to monitor traffic levels, search queries and visits to this website.
Google Analytics stores IP address anonamously on its servers in the US, and neither VetClick or Google associate your IP address with any personally identifiable information.
These cookies enable Google to determine whether you are a return visitor to the site, and to track the pages that you visit during your session.
These cookies are set only after the user has given consent to us to use cookies.
__utmb
__utmc
__utmz
__gads
Google AdSense and DoubleClick for Publishers: Used by Google for a variety of purposes (eg, ensuring Frequency Caps work correctly) which includes Adsense when enabled. It is known as a 'First Party Cookie'. The first party cookie, like all first party cookies, can be read only on the domain on which it was set. Consequently, the first party cookie cannot be used across multiple websites: its uses are limited to purposes such as frequency capping and avoiding the duplication of ads on a page, meaning a user will not have to view the same ad over and over again.
These cookies are set only after the user has given consent to us to use cookies.
__atuvc
AddThis: Used by social media tracking service AddThis. The cookie is created and read by their JavaScript on your browser in order to make sure you see the updated count if you share a page and return to it before AddThis' share count cache is updated.
These cookies are set only after the user has given consent to us to use cookies.
PHPSESSID
This is a session cookie which is set once you've successfully logged in to your account. It enables us to remember that you've logged in, so that you don't have to keep logging in while browsing in the current session. They are automatically deleted when you close your browser.
k, guest_id
Twitter cookies.
These cookies are set only after the user has given consent to us to use cookies.
8. Security
8.1 We invest in high-quality security and do our utmost to protect user privacy. No data transmission over the Internet can be entirely secure, and therefore we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information and/or use of the website. Any information that you send is at your own risk and may be read by others. However once we have received your personal information we use strict procedures to protect the security of your personal information.
9. Disclosing your information
9.1 We may disclose your personal information if we are approached by a potential buyer of our business, if we required to do so by law or in good-faith believing such action is necessary to comply with the law.
9.2 We never sell personal information, or pass it to third parties for marketing purposes without your permission.
10. Where we store your personal information
10.1 The personal information that we collect from you may be sent and stored outside the European Economic Area ("EEA") in order to carry out the activities listed in “Use of Your Information”.
11. Changes to this Policy
11.1 If we change our Policy, we will post the changes on this page. Please check the website regularly for any changes to this Policy.
12. If you don't feel we're adhering to this Policy, what should you do?
12.1 If you believe that we have not adhered to this Policy, please notify us by email at info@vetclick.com and we will try to solve the problem promptly.
This Policy was last updated on May 26, 2012.
Search our job listings