http://www.warmboard.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
We are committed to respecting your privacy.
This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for warmboard.com. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by this web site. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. The personal data collected by our website includes IP addresses, cookie identifiers and other tracking technologies such as pixels, and end-user website activity. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or or our contact form. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Click here to opt out of targeted advertising.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
While we do allow customers the convenience to pay online (if they so choose), this is handled through an entirely different website. A banking website. And those banks do NOT mess around with online security. Score!
Information gathered offline is also protected. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. And we are full PCI compliant. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Cookies
We do use "cookies" on this site. Third parties (such as NextRoll) may place cookies on their browsers for targeted advertising purposes. Cookies enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. But these cookies do not allow us to track you individually. So even if our cookie is in your browser, we literally have no idea who you are or what you do with your time. That would be way too creepy. And frankly, we don’t want to know! CCPA disclosures for California Residents, see Section 13.
Updates
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time and all updates will be posted on this page.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us via phone or email.