https://www.dmj.com/privacy-policy-cpas/
336.275.9886
contact@dmj.com
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube
Instagram
RSS
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube
Instagram
RSS
CLIENT PORTAL
FINANCIAL PLAN PORTAL
About Us
No matter which of our accounting services you may wish to pursue, our promise to you is personal attention and verifiable results.
Questions?  We can help.
contact us
About Us
No matter which of our accounting services you may wish to pursue, our promise to you is personal attention and verifiable results.
CONTACT US
Privacy Policy
CPAs, like all providers of personal financial services, are now required by law to inform their clients of their policies regarding privacy of client information. CPAs have been and continue to be bound by professional standards of confidentiality that are even more stringent than those required by law. Therefore, we have always protected your right to privacy.
TYPES OF NONPUBLIC PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We collect nonpublic personal information about you that is either provided to us by you or obtained by us with your authorization.
PARTIES TO WHOM WE DISCLOSE INFORMATION
For current and former clients, we do not disclose any nonpublic personal information obtained in the course of our practice except as required or permitted by law. Permitted disclosures include, for instance, providing information to our employees and, in limited situations, to unrelated third parties who need to know that information to assist us in providing services to you. In all such situations, we stress the confidential nature of the information being shared.
PROTECTING THE CONFIDENTIALITY AND SECURITY OF CURRENT AND FORMER CLIENTS’ INFORMATION
Except as otherwise described in this notice, we restrict access to nonpublic personal information about you to employees of our firm and other parties who must use that information to provide services to you. We also maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards in compliance with applicable laws and regulations to guard your personal information from unauthorized access, alteration, or premature destruction.
USER SUBMISSIONS
You are prohibited from posting or transmitting to or from this website any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, and obscene or other material that would violate any applicable law.
EXTERNAL LINKS
DMJ & Co., PLLC may provide links to third-party websites, and some of the content appearing to be on this website may, in fact, be supplied by third parties (e.g. instances of framing of third party websites or incorporation of content through framesets). DMJ & Co., PLLC assumes no liability for any damages you may suffer from visiting such linked websites, including without limitation, damages caused by computer viruses or other destructive/disruptive code which may be downloaded from such linked websites.
Any links contained on this website shall not be construed as an endorsement by DMJ & Co., PLLC of any such linked website. DMJ & Co., PLLC shall not be held responsible should you encounter any materials that may appear inaccurate, indecent or illegal.
CONSENT
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
GENERAL LIMITATION
The content of this website is provided “as is” without any warranties of any kind including warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement of intellectual property.
The information and content on this website, or accessed through it, is for information purposes only and is not intended as and should not be considered professional advice. You should not act upon this information without seeking professional counsel. The transmission or display of this information does not create a professional or client relationship with us. While we welcome you contacting us, you should not send us any confidential information without first receiving our authorization to do so.
Although DMJ & Co., PLLC uses reasonable efforts to maintain the accuracy and currency of the Content of this website, DMJ & Co., PLLC makes no warranties or representations as to its accuracy or currency. This website may contain typographical errors and technical inaccuracies. DMJ & Co., PLLC assumes no liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions in the Content of this website.
Although DMJ & Co., PLLC uses reasonable efforts to ensure that all software provided at this website is suitable for use on a wide variety of computer systems, you should take reasonable and appropriate precautions to scan for computer viruses and ensure compatibility of the software with your specific computer system. DMJ & Co., PLLC may update and/or modify the information contained on this website at any time and without notice.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
In no event will DMJ & Co., PLLC, its affiliates, agents or other third parties mentioned in this website be liable for any damages whatsoever (including, without limitation, damages resulting from lost profits, loss of prospective economic advantage, lost data or business interruption) arising out of the use, inability to use, or the results of use of this website, any websites linked to this website, or the content contained on any or all such websites, whether based on warranty, contract, tort or any other legal theory and whether or not advised of the possibility of such damages, or for any claim by another party. If your use of the content on this site results in the need for servicing, repair or correction of equipment or data, you assume all costs thereof.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
We may update our privacy policy at any given time.
CONTACTING US
By using this website, you agree to be bound by these Terms and consent to the collection, use, and storage of your information by DMJ & Co., PLLC in the manner described in our privacy policy. DMJ & Co., PLLC reserves the right to make changes to these Terms and our privacy policy from time to time. When using this website, you should review the current Terms and privacy policy to determine if they have been amended since your last visit. If you would like to provide a link to this website, or if there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
Thank you for allowing us to serve your accounting, tax, and financial planning needs. We value your business and are committed to protecting your privacy. We hope you view our firm as your most trusted advisor and we will work to continue earning your trust. Please call us if you have any questions or if we can be of further service.
703 Green Valley Road
Suite 201
Greensboro, NC 27408
336.275.9886
Very truly yours,
DMJ & Co., PLLC
Recent Articles
Never Too Busy!
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. By continuing to browse this site you agree to the use of cookies.I Agree.Privacy policy