http://www.technologynews.net/terms/privacy
Info-Tech Privacy Policy
This is the privacy policy of Info-Tech Research Group, Inc. (“Info-Tech”). This document explains Info-Tech's policies for the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information.
The information we collect
Info-Tech collects information by various methods, including information actively supplied by its lead providers, its customers, and
information arising from customer surveys and general feedback.
The types of personal information we collect include name, contact information, identification information, and credit information. Credit card information is used for billing purposes only. We may record calls to or from our customer service representatives for the purposes of accuracy, performance reviews, training, and general quality assurance.
How we use this information
This information is used for various purposes, including customer service, accounting, billing, collections, and the marketing of other Info-Tech products.
Info-Tech may use aggregate or anonymous information, which will not be linked to identified individuals, for various other uses for itself
and third parties. The identity of our corporate clients is not considered personal or confidential information, and we may disclose
that information for promotion and marketing purposes.
Info-Tech users may have the option to participate in online discussion communities. Such communities are exclusive communities for
certain Info-Tech subscribers and are accessible only by subscribers through their Info-Tech login name and password. Participation in the
community is completely voluntary. By opting into the community, subscribers agree to share basic contact information (name, company, address) with their peers in the community.
Who we share this information with
Info-Tech does not share personal information with any third parties except as disclosed in this policy. Info-Tech may provide personal
information to Info-Tech’s consultants, subcontractors, and professional advisers (which shall be bound by privacy obligations) to assist
Info-Tech’s uses disclosed herein.
Security
Personal information is stored in a combination of paper and electronic files. They are protected by security measures appropriate to the nature of the information.
Accessing information
Individuals may review their personal information contained in Info-Tech files by contacting the Info-Tech privacy officer. If an individual believes that any of their personal information is inaccurate, we will make appropriate corrections.
Cookies
Cookies are used by Info-Tech for the convenience of our users.
They are used to streamline access to the online subscriber service.
Cookies automatically authenticate the user. A user can access
Info-Tech products with the cookie feature turned off; however, in
doing so they may find themselves challenged for username and password
information on multiple occasions. Info-Tech also uses cookies to track a user’s visits and uses that information to improve the user’s experience and track use of our products.
Links
Info-Tech seeks out the best web sources and resources for our
advisory services. Many of our pages contain links to information at other websites. When you click on one of these links, you are moving to another website. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of these linked sites as their privacy policy may differ from ours.
General
Info-Tech may amend this policy from time to time. If such
amendments affect how Info-Tech uses or discloses personal information
already held by Info-Tech in a material way, Info-Tech will obtain
consent.
Notwithstanding the general terms of this policy, the collection,
use, and disclosure of personal information may be made outside of the
terms herein to the extent provided for in any applicable privacy or
other legislation in effect from time to time.
Info-Tech may disclose personal information to another entity
purchasing (including for diligence purposes prior to purchase) the
assets of Info-Tech, provided that entity abides by this or a similar
privacy policy.
Opt-out
If at any time you would like to discontinue email communication from Info-Tech Research Group, please notify us via the Contact Us page.
Contact us
For more information on Info-Tech and privacy, please contact our Privacy Officer:
Ryan Huggett
Toll-free (US): 1-888-670-8889 ext 2691
Toll-free (CAN): 1-844-618-3192 ext 2691
International: +1-519-432-3550 ext. 2691
Contact Us
Visit our COVID-19 Resource Center and our
Cost Management CenterOver 100 analysts waiting to take your call right now: 1-519-432-3550 x2019