https://www.fox40world.com/privacy-policy
PRODUCTSFAQOUR STORYNEWSB2BMore...HOME OF THE ORIGINAL PEALESS WHISTLEPRIVACY POLICYFox 40 respects the privacy of our loyal customers and visitors. You can feel confident in knowing you'll never find yourself on another company's mailing list. We don't rent, sell or provide our valued customers' personal information to any organization or individual.
We maintain the highest standards with respect to the security and integrity of your personal information.General Statement of Privacy Policy
We may in the course of your use of this website, collect and use personal information provided by you to us. While we may use this personal information to improve your service experience with us, we are committed to protecting the privacy of your personal information and the details of your preferences. This personal information will remain confidential and will not knowingly be disclosed to or made available to anyone outside of our organization except as set out in this privacy policy. Within our organization, only those people that require access to your personal information for the purposes described below will have access to that information.
Collection of Information
We will collect only such personal information from you as may be required to permit us to fulfill the purposes set out below. Such information may include your name, address, email address, telephone numbers, age, gender, personal interests or product preferences. We will collect this information to authenticate your identity, to understand your preferences for the types of products and services that we offer, to administer our promotions and programs (including our E-Newsletter) and to communicate with you regarding our products and services. We may also collect personal information from you on our website in connection with your participation in promotional programs and special offers which we may initiate from time to time. By providing personal information to us, by using our services and by participating in any programs that we offer you consent to our use of information disclosed by you for the purposes identified above.
We may also log non-personally-identifiable information including IP address, profile information, aggregate user data, and browser type, from users and visitors to this website. This data is used to manage the website, track usage and improve the website services.
We may also use your email address to send updates, our e-newsletter or news regarding our products or services. We will provide you with the option to opt-out of receiving emails of this type on every communication.
Over the course of our relationship, information will be created that was not intended but merely resulted from the regularity of transactions between us. We are committed to honest and open communication and will make your personal information available to you upon request.
Children
We do not intend to collect any personal information from children under the age of eighteen. If a parent or guardian of a child who has provided us with such personal information would like the information deleted from our records, he or she should contact us at the email address listed at the bottom of this policy statement. We will then delete the child’s personal information from our files.
Use of Cookies
We may use cookies to store visitors' preferences and to record session information, to ensure that visitors are not repeatedly offered the same page content and to customize newsletter, promotional, and Web page content based on browser type and user information. You may be able to configure your browser to accept or reject all or some cookies, or notify you when a cookie is set -- each browser is different, so check the "Help" menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences -- however, you may be required to enable cookies from us in order to use most functions on the site.
Links
This website may contain links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies and/or practices on other sites. When linking to another site a user should read the privacy policy stated on that site. Our privacy policy only governs information collected on this website.
Use and Disclosure of Personal Information
Any personal information that we do collect is for internal purposes only. We do not sell nor share your personal information with any external organization. Your name will not find its way onto any mass circulation databases and there will not be any new forms of "junk mail" in your mailbox because of your involvement with us.
Retention and Safeguarding Your Personal Information
We will retain your personal information for as long as it is required to fulfill our obligations to you as our customer. We will take all necessary and reasonable measures to safeguard that information from any unauthorized access. We use industry-standard encryption technology and advanced firewall systems to deter unwanted intruders.
Who is Accountable to Ensure That Information is Kept Confidential
While our entire company understands and respects your personal privacy, the Owners and Marketing Staff are our appointed privacy officers and are specifically responsible for ensuring your personal information remains confidential.
Consumer Access to Personal Information
We are committed to keeping you informed and to ensuring the accuracy of your personal information. At your request we will provide you with details of all of your personal information which we have, what it is being used for, and to whom it has been disclosed. In some limited cases, we may be unable to access or provide some specific information. We will provide reasonable rationale for any inability to release information.
You may send us a written request, by mail or e-mail, requiring that your personal information be deleted from our databases, or you may request that your personal information be updated or corrected to amend any inaccuracies.
Contacting Us
If you have any privacy complaints, questions about our privacy policy or privacy practices, or if you wish to amend, delete or update your personal information, please contact us at ourcustomers@fox40world.com, or at the following address: Fox 40 International Inc., 340 Grays Road, Hamilton, Ontario, Canada, L8E 2Z2. All written requests will be reviewed by our Marketing Staff and will be responded to within a reasonable time frame.Your privacy is very important to usB2B/Log In