https://www.pelco.com/solutions/capabilities/harsh-and-hazardous-conditions/
Skip to content
Home
Pelco
| Solutions | Capabilities | Harsh and Hazardous Conditions
Harsh & Hazardous Conditions
Video Cameras Designed to Withstand Corrosion and Explosions
Overview
Product Offerings
Use Cases
Contact Us
Overview
Product Offerings
Use Cases
Contact Us
OVERVIEW
made to Last
Pelco cameras are designed to handle hazardous situations and harsh environments, making sure you have video even when conditions are working against you.
Monitor Dangerous Situations Remotely
Fog, wind, rain, lightening, snow and hail can be treacherous. In hazardous areas, where toxic chemicals or flammable materials exist, video surveillance allows operators to remain safe while viewing the scene.
Mitigate Risk and Damage
Constantly monitoring equipment and perimeters for equipment failure, fires, trespassing, theft and sabotage helps limit risk. Should an explosion occur, having cameras that remain operational is essential for emergency personnel and investigators.
Improve Real-Time Responsiveness
Rugged cameras combined with video analytics and real-time alerts enable operators to proactively detect threats and anomalies, identify potential vulnerabilities and guide emergency responses under harsh conditions.
Cameras Designed to Withstand Hazardous Conditions
Some industries, like energy and manufacturing, operate in hazardous conditions. For the ultimate in safety and survivability, Pelco’s rugged cameras are flameproof, dust-tight, explosion-proof and corrosion-resistant. Pelco cameras and positioning systems are engineered to withstand harsh and hazardous environments while delivering security with excellent performance
Rugged Cameras for Extreme Environments
For wet or harsh outdoor locations, maritime applications, and potentially corrosive or explosive environments, cameras must be engineered to survive while delivering high-quality video. Pelco offers cameras equipped with sun shrouds, heaters, and blowers, and are constructed of rugged 316 stainless steel to survive extreme environments.
Weatherproof Cameras Deliver High-Quality Video
Outdoor security cameras must take extreme temperatures, fog, rain, snow and ice into account. Robust outdoor models have much more comprehensive operating temperature ranges up to -60°C to 60°C ( -76º –140ºF ). Pelco cameras are certified to a full set of demanding standards so that they can survive not only falling water,but direct hose-downs without damage. Keeping People and Property Safe in Harsh and Hazardous Conditions
Product Offerings
ExSite® Enhanced Explosion-Proof Camera System
High Reliability, Full HD Fixed And PTZ IP Systems
FULL HD FIXED IP SYSTEMS
Explosion-proof Camera System: High Reliability, Full HD Fixed IP Systems
View More Info
Details
Up to 1920 x 1080p Resolution Wide Dynamic Range (WDR),30x zoom lens, and Superb Low light Performance
Dual Stream H.264 IP Video with Smart Compression
Rated to Operate from -60 to +60° C while in Compliance to T6Surface Temperature (<85° C) Hazardous Location Regulations
316L Billet Stainless Steel Electro Polished Construction
Standard IP Ethernet Connection and Integrated TransmissionOptions including Fiber, Ethernet over Coax, and UTP Extension
Models
EXF1230-4NEXF1230-7N
PTZ & IR Illuminator Option
Explosion-proof Camera System: High Reliability, Full HD PTZ IP Systems with Variable Zoom IR Illuminator.
View More Info
Details
Includes Features in ''Fixed'', including the following:
Extremely Reliable Pan/Tilt Direct Drive Motion Control System
Upright or Inverted Installation with Automatic Orientation Detection
Low Latency Electronics for Improved Pan/Tilt Driveability and Safety
Vari-zoom IR Illuminator Option with 200 Meter Range
Models
EXP1230-4NEXP1230-7NEXP1230-7M
Standard Esprit Enhanced
Pressurized w/Wiper Model Option
Wiper & Pressurized Models only
2x Vari-Zoom IR Illuminators or
1x IR + 1x White light
Esprit® Enhanced Series IP PTZ Positioning Systems
Standard, with PTZ, & IR Illuminator Option
View More Info
Pelco’s iconic Esprit® Series positioning system provides best-in-class image quality and pan/tilt performance. Esprit Enhanced provides the total package of impressive image quality, valuable software features, and time-tested pan/tilt performance suitable for any installation environment.
Use Cases
Monitor Explosive Situations
Explosions are a fact of life in the energy industry. In some cases, the explosive devices are deliberately set, as in mining operations. In other cases, explosions are the result of accidents around flammable materials, as in oil & gas operations. Having cameras designed to withstand explosions allows operators to continually monitor the situation.
View Oil & Gas Solutions
Address Seaside Challenges
From freezing temperatures to extreme heat, hazardous conditions on offshore rigs and at seaports make it risky for employees to spend unnecessary time outdoors. Cameras must operate in extreme conditions, including high vibration, high wind, saltwater, rough seas, ice, and difficult lighting.
View Commerical Solutions
Keeping Communities Safe
Whether dealing with security at government facilities, managing traffic and crowds at local events, or responding to natural disasters, having rugged IP video surveillance solutions streamlines decision-making and guides actions.
View Commerical Solutions
Interested in Updates?
Please complete the form below and select what updates you wish to receive.
Click here to update all Email Preferences
Let's Start the Conversation
Contact us today for video surveillance solutions that keep your facilities, properties, and people safe.
Contact Us
Products
VideoXpert Enterprise
VideoXpert Professional
VideoXpert Plates
Cameras
Accessories
Special Modification Requests
Legacy
Endura
Digital Sentry
Solutions
Industries
Capabilities
Technologies
Professional Services
Field Services
Remote Services
Advanced Phone Support
Training Services
VxCare Packages
Training & Support
Return Merchandise Authorization
Quality
Partners
Global Distribution Partners
Technology Partner Program – Partner First
Resources
Pelco Blog
Case Studies
Legal
End User License Agreement – Camera Firmware EULA
Preference Center
Regulatory Notices
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Pelco Corporations625 W. Alluvial,
Fresno, CA 93711
View Map
+1 (559) 292-1981
TOLL FREE +1 (800) 289-9100
Follow Us
By clicking “Accept All”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. Read More About our Privacy Policy and Data Protection Measures
Accept AllNot TodayPrivacy Policy