http://www.integrascan.com/terms.php
Login
|
Shopping Cart
|
Coverage
|
Terms
|
Privacy
Home
|
Business Accounts
|
Results Verification
|
Contact us
IntegraScan User Agreement
The information in this report is derived from records that may or may not be in accordance with the Fair Credit Report Act (FCRA, Public Law 91-508, Title VI). This information may not be used for insurance, or credit evaluation and if used for employment purposes or in connection with other legitimate needs it is agreed that the information is for legitimate informational purposes only. The depth of information available varies. Final verification of an individual's identity and proper use of report contents are the user's responsibility.
Subscriber may be provided information that may constitute a Consumer report. Subscriber is an Individual or Business with legitimate needs for information that may be considered a consumer report and has a need for consumer information in connection with the evaluation of individuals for employment, promotion, reassignment or retention as an employee or other legitimate business purposes ("Consumer Report for Legitimate Purposes"), and has a permissible purpose for obtaining consumer reports, as defined by Section 604 of the Federal Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 USC 1681b) as amended by the Consumer Credit Reporting Reform Act of 1996, hereinafter called "FCRA". The subscriber certifies their permissible purpose as: In connection with legitimate Business purposes involving the consumer. Subscriber certifies that it will request consumer reports pursuant to procedures prescribed by Subscriber from time to time only for the permissible purpose certified above, and will use the reports obtained for no other purpose. Subscriber will maintain copies of all written authorizations for a minimum of three (3) years from the date of inquiry.
THE FCRA PROVIDES THAT ANY PERSON WHO KNOWINGLY AND WILLFULLY OBTAINS INFORMATION ON A CONSUMER FROM A CONSUMER REPORTING AGENCY UNDER FALSE PRETENSES SHALL BE FINED UNDER TITLE 18, OR IMPRISONED NOT MORE THAN TWO YEARS, OR BOTH.
Subscriber shall use each consumer report only for a one-time use and shall hold the report in strict confidence, and not to disclose it to any third parties; provided, however, that Subscriber may, but is not required to, disclose the report to the subject of the report only in connection with an adverse action based on the report. Moreover, unless explicitly authorized in this Agreement or in a separate agreement, between Subscriber and Subscriber, for scores obtained from Any Source, or as explicitly otherwise authorized in advance and in writing by IntegraScan through Subscriber, Subscriber shall not disclose to consumers or any third party, any nor all such data provided under this Agreement, unless clearly required by law.
DISCLAIMER
Information provided through this service is subject to the following restrictions and/or limitations: * Coverage and Content -- Data may not be available from all states or all counties or all smaller subdivisions within. Some items of data may be available from some but not other jurisdictions, and many of the sources of court records have attempted to protect personal identifiers by no longer providing data fields containing Social Security numbers, dates of birth, addresses, or telephone numbers. * History -- Some jurisdictions provide deeper history than others, often due to the advent of computerized record keeping, which did not occur at the same time everywhere; consult the coverage chart for indications of historical availability in any particular jurisdiction. * Correctness -- Some jurisdictions provide more recent data than others, and some jurisdictions have ceased to make records available to the public; consult the coverage chart for indications of correctness in any particular jurisdiction. * Reliability -- The data provided through this service is a snapshot in time and may not reflect all action that has occurred since electronic record of the reported event(s) were obtained. * Accuracy -- Data entry errors occur everywhere every day. Positive ID requires fingerprint search. Disposition inquiries should be directed to the reporting agency. * Verification -- Since records may not have sufficient information to establish an exact identity, search results should be taken only as an indicator of information available. Records are for informational purposes only. * Completeness -- Information provided through this service is from public court records, but does not comprise all information from the official court records available to the public. Court pleadings, for instance, may be found in case files that may be viewed and copied at a courthouse. Confidential cases, sealed cases, sealed documents, and expunged records also may not be available through our service. * FCRA -- You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employment involving consumer credit, insurance, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
WHAT THIS PRIVACY POLICY COVERS
This policy covers how Integra Scan treats personal information that it collects and receives when you use the Integra Scan web site, including information related to your past use of Integra Scan products and services. "Personal information" means information about you that is personally identifiable like your name, address, email address, or phone number, and that is not otherwise publicly available.
INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE
Integra Scan collects personal information when you establish an Integra Scan account, and when you use Integra Scan products or services. Integra Scan may combine information about you that we have with information we obtain from business partners or other companies.
When you register we ask for information such as your name, email address, zip code, occupation, and industry. Once you create an Integra Scan account and sign in to our services, you are not anonymous to us.
Integra Scan automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser, including your IP address, Integra Scan cookie information, and the page you request.
INFORMATION SHARING AND DISCLOSURE
Integra Scan does not rent, sell, or share personal information about you collected in connection with your use of the Integra Scan service with other people or nonaffiliated companies, except to provide products or services you've requested, when we have your permission, or under the following circumstances:
• We respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims;
• We believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of Integra Scan's terms of use, or as otherwise required by law.
We transfer information about you if Integra Scan is acquired by or merged with another company. In this event, Integra Scan will notify you before information about you is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
COOKIES
Integra Scan may set and access cookies on your computer. Cookies are small units of data stored on your computer that allow the Integra Scan site to identify your computer during your session and subsequent sessions.
COMMUNICATIONS
Integra Scan reserves the right to send you certain communications from Integra Scan relating to the Integra Scan service, such as service announcements and administrative messages, that are considered part of your Integra Scan account, without offering you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving them.
CONFIDENTIALITY AND SECURITY
We limit access to personal information about you to and Integra Scan employees who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs.
Your Integra Scan Account Information is password-protected.
In certain areas Integra Scan uses industry-standard SSL encryption to protect data transmissions.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
Integra Scan may update this policy. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your Integra Scan account or by placing a prominent notice on our site.
CRIMINAL RECORDS COVERAGE, RETENTION POLICY AND SEARCH CRITERIA RESTRICTIONS.
Juvenile records are not covered. If crimes were committed before the age of 18, they will not show up in our database, or anyone else's database - even if the subject is now over the age of 18. "Arrest Records" are not available. Arrest dates are covered in most court records but only in the cases where the arrest resulted in a court action. Our Coverage is limited to the Jurisdictions that make the database available to us directly. ALL CUSTOMERS MUST check the coverage prior to conducting a Statewide or National Criminal Database Search at the following link: http://www.integrascan.com/catalog/coverage.asp. SEARCH RESULTS ARE ONLY VALID FOR 30 DAYS. WE ONLY RETAIN AN ACCESSIBLE COPY OF YOUR SEARCH RESULTS FOR 30 DAYS. ALL RESULTS CAN BE DOWNLOADED, PRINTED OR EMAILED FROM THE REPORT RESULTS IT SELF. IT IS RECOMMENDED YOU USE ONE OF THESE OPTIONS WITHIN 30 DAYS OF PURCHASING AND RECEIVING THE RESULTS.
All criminal record searches are conducted and searched using the information provided by the “customer”.
Criminal record data is searched using the first name, last name and DOB.
The SSN is not part of any criminal record and if included in the search request is not part of the search criteria used.
SSN’s were removed from all criminal and public records in 1999 under the Federal Privacy Act. The ssn is only used through consumer records for Integrascan search products that provide consumer records or verification of the validity of the SSN entered through consumer records.
REFUND POLICY
Integra Scan enforces a No-Refund policy - This includes but is not limited to: Mistakes or mis-information provided by the customer on the order form as submitted after the customer has confirmed the information and acknowledged these terms. even if your criminal record search results in "No offense records found" or a Reported Record has Incorrect information or information that is not the consumers. Every search that is processed through our systems incurs fixed and variable costs for our organization. Whether the search results yield hundreds of offense records, or none at all, orders are fulfilled using the same rigorous standards and certified processes. Due to the variations in coverage across state and county jurisdictions, THE CUSTOMER MUST CHECK the coverage before placing an order for Instant Statewide or Instant National Criminal Record Search or any offered background Search Product. We cannot be held responsible for records that are not included in our coverage. Any disputed charge that is found to be fraudulent or results in the theft of services, will face charges to be pursued under the laws in the state of the customer and re-imbursements of all monies involved plus attorney fees.
MONEY BACK GUARANTEE TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Our Money Back guarantee reads as follows:
We're so confident that our system and records are the best we're willing to offer a money back guarantee. Here's how it works: If there is a criminal record that should have been returned based upon our coverage, and it is not, we'll refund your money back for that criminal record search.
The customer must agree to the Coverage as listed in the terms of use agreement and acknowledge the said agreement prior to making a Purchase by clicking a "Box" next to the posted terms of use agreement found on the IntegraScan Order Form. In the event the Customer challenges a Report Result and can prove that a charge exists in a covered jurisdiction that is published on our coverage page, IntegraScan will refund the purchase in Full. WE WILL NOT refund purchases under the "Money Back Guarantee" in the event that a record is:
• not located due to the fact that it is not in our published coverage
• expunged by a judge
• a Juvenile Record or an arrest record that did not result in a court action
DRIVING HISTORY REPORT DISCLAIMER
1. Authorization
By order a Driving History Report from Integra Scan, you authorize Integra Scan to provide you with a report of your current driver's record. You certify that the driver's license number and any other information that you provide to us is your own. You understand that if you request the information of any other individual besides yourself, you may be subject to severe penalties under applicable federal and state law.
Integra Scan agrees that it will not sell or disclose the information requested below for any purpose except to access the records you have recanted, and except as required by state or federal law.
2. Information Source and Accuracy
The ultimate source of the information provided on this website is various state agencies and service bureaus. Although every effort is made to insure the accuracy of transmission and data, the reports are provided "as is". Integra Scan in no way warrants or assumes any liability for the accuracy and/or completeness of any information report provided on this website. Integra Scan assumes no responsibility for charges incurred, lost revenue, nor actual, compensatory, incidental, special or consequential damages of any kind in connection with the information supplied through this website. Without limitation of the foregoing, Integra Scan is not responsible for actual, compensatory, incidental, special or consequential damages of any kind due to errors in customer input, duplicate requests, errors in transmission, program or equipment failures, communication problems, process delays, or schedule changes. Without limitation of the foregoing disclaimer, in no event shall Integra Scan's liability exceed the charges actually billed to you by Integra Scan.
3. Indemnification
By submitting a request to Integra Scan, you agree that you will indemnify and hold harmless Integra Scan, its affiliated companies and their officers, directors, employees and shareholders from any and all damages as well as any and all fines, penalties or any other liabilities imposed by local, state or federal laws or regulations or claimed by any third party, including attorney’s fees, which result from or arise out of your giving Integra Scan data or information, or your use of the information reports and services which are provided on this website.
4. Service Agreement
I agree to abide by all applicable local, state and federal laws with regard to the report(s) I am ordering today and will not share this information with any third parties or display it publicly.
National Wants and Warrants Check
Because warrants are issued and served on a continuous basis by literally thousands of individual agencies across the country, the information returned in response to your search requests may or may not be current and warrants may have been cleared by arrest or court appearance, been vacated or recalled or otherwise withdrawn, and new warrants may have been issued since the records were last updated. The warrant information contained in our database, which originates from the issuing agencies and is acquired from public records, should not be relied upon for arrest. It is intended to be used for informational purposes only. The publication of a name on this list in no way indicates that the person is guilty of the crime listed, and the possibility that a person's name appears on a Warrant List as a result of some type of error, such as inaccurate data entry, always exists.
National Arrest History Check
Because arrests occur on a continuous basis by literally thousands of individual agencies across the country, the information returned in response to your search requests may or may not be current and arrests may have been dropped, cleared by trial and acquittal, been vacated or recalled or otherwise withdrawn, and new arrests may have been made since the records were last updated. The arrest information contained in this database, which originates from the issuing agencies and is acquired from public records, should not be relied upon for conviction. It is intended to be used for informational purposes only. The publication of a name on this list in no way indicates that the person is guilty of the crime listed, and the possibility that a person's name appears on an Arrest List as a result of some type of error, such as inaccurate data entry, always exists.
© 1994-2020 Background Information Group, LLC