https://www.avinc.com/legal/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
January 01 2020
AeroVironment, Inc. ("AV") is dedicated to protecting consumer privacy. This notice explains how AV collects, uses, and discloses information about you when you subscribe to our services and you visit our Websites.
Your use of this website, and/or receipt of AV's products or services constitutes acceptance of this Policy.
This Policy explains our practices in the following areas:
The nature of the information we collect about you and the way such information is used.
The nature, frequency, and purpose of any disclosure of information that we may make, including the types of persons or entities to whom the disclosure may be made.
Your rights under the Communications Act, 47 U.S.C. § 338(i).
If you are a California resident, please see our CCPA Privacy Policy here.
If you have questions about this Policy or other matters, you may contact us 24 hours a day, any day of the year, by phone (805) 520-8350, email .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) or mail:
AeroVironment, Inc., Privacy Policy, 900 Innovators Way, Simi Valley, California
93065.
I. Types of Information we collect and how we collect it
In discussing the types of information we collect from customers and visitors to our websites we use the term "Customer Information" as a broad, general term that refers to any information relating to you and your AeroVironment products or service, including Account Information, Service & Performance Information, Commerce Information, Your Social Media Interactions, and Website Information.
The following are specific types of Customer Information that we collect from customers and visitors to our websites:
"Account Information" means information about your AV account, including, but not limited to, your name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, credit card information, and appointment scheduling information. We collect Account Information directly from you when you activate or change your account, or purchase products or services from us.
We may combine information we obtain from third parties with Account Information we collect.
"Commerce Information" means personally identifiable information about you that enables a commerce partner to fulfill your request to participate in a business transaction. From time to time, we may present on-screen offers or enable you to buy goods and services from us or third parties. We will only collect and send on your behalf information such as your name and address and your interest in a specific offer or transaction to the commerce partners that are sponsoring the promotion or transaction if you take advantage of such an offer or engage in a transaction. In addition to fulfilling your request, such commerce partner may also use your Commerce Information to send you other information in which you might be interested, consistent with its own privacy policies.
Links to Other Websites: When you visit our website, you may find opportunities to link to websites of third parties. When you click through to these third party websites, AV's Privacy Policy no longer applies. We recommend that you read the privacy policy for any third party websites.
"Your Social Media Interactions" means personally identifiable information about you that we collect when you interact with us through our social media pages and channels. This information includes profile name, profile identifier, and the content of your submissions. We use this information to communicate with you and for internal purposes until you withdraw consent or we no longer use the social media pages. Please review the privacy policies and settings of any websites, mobile applications, or social networks if you have any questions about their privacy practices. Please note that any content that you post on our social media pages is public and can be read, collected, or used by others.
II. Use of Customer Information
We use Customer Information to deliver our products and services, process your installation transaction and other installation and service-related requests and comments, and to understand your needs so that we may provide you with the most suitable products and services. For example, we may use your postal address, e-mail address or telephone number to:
Process and fulfill your installation order and notify you of your order status;
Provide customer support; and
Solicit your feedback about the products and services you received.
We may use Customer Information to resolve disputes and troubleshoot problems, as well as contact a customer regarding administrative matters or notices.
III. When we share Customer Information with third parties
We do not share your personally identifiable information with third parties, except as described below.
Personally identifiable information that we collect may include: name, address, date of birth, e-mail address, telephone number, credit card information, and information about your individual interests in and use of various products, programs, and services. In the circumstances described below, we limit the information we provide to the information necessary to perform the function or provide the service for which it is shared.
Third parties are not permitted to use the Customer Information which is provided by us for any purposes other than as authorized by us, and we take steps to require these third parties to maintain the confidentiality of the Customer Information and adhere to this Privacy Policy.
Industry Affiliates: We may share Customer Information, including personally identifiable information, with other entities (and their affiliates) in the electric vehicle and charging infrastructure industry with whom we have a contractual relationship related to AV's electrical vehicle charging business, specifically including but not limited to, electric vehicle manufacturers and dealers, state and/or municipal energy agencies, and electric utilities and/or power companies.
Information shared with these "Industry Affiliates" may be used only to support your successful use of AV's products and services, and such Industry Affiliates' products and services.
Marketing: Unless you specifically opt-out, we may share Customer Information, including Service & Performance Information, with third parties other than Industry Affiliates, who offer products and services in which we think you might be interested.
These third parties may use this Customer Information to market their products or services to you. When you elect to participate in a special offer or engage in a transaction with AV or a third party advertiser or promoter through our CIS Websites, we will collect and disclose your Commerce Information, on your behalf, to the party sponsoring or fulfilling the promotion. This information is disclosed to a third party only upon your affirmative response to an offer. In addition to fulfilling your request, that party may also use your Commerce Information to send you other information in which you might be interested consistent with its own privacy policies.
Legal Requirements & Professional Services: AV may share your Customer Information if it believes in good faith that such disclosure is: a) necessary to comply with a legal process, b) in response to legal claims, c) necessary to protect personal safety, property or other of your [or a third party] rights, our rights and/or the rights of our service providers, or d) as part of a sale or assignment of all or a part of our business. AV may also disclose Customer Information to any person performing audit, legal, operational or other similar services for AV.
Whenever reasonably possible we will require any recipient of Customer Information for these purposes to agree in writing to hold the information in confidence, to use the information only for the permitted purpose, and to return or destroy the information when the services are completed.
We may share with third parties certain pieces of non-personally identifiable information and aggregated non-personally identifiable information, for example, the number of customers located in a certain geographic area or how many hours a day customers with a particular type of electric vehicle are using their EV Charging Products. Such information will not identify you individually.
IV. Opting Out of Marketing Communications
AV may periodically send you messages via e-mail, telephone or traditional postal mail about products and services that we think may be of interest to you.
In addition, as provided above, AV may make Customer Information available to third parties for the purpose of marketing such products or services.
You can choose not to receive marketing messages promoting AV or third party products or services from us and third parties in the future by:
(1) e-mailing us at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) (please put "Opt-Out" in the subject line);
(2) following the "unsubscribe" instructions located near the bottom of any e-mails received; or
(3) writing us at AeroVironment, Inc. Attn: Opt-Out, 900 Innovators Way, Simi Valley, CA 93065.
If you are a current Customer, please include your name, customer ID # and phone number in the body of your e-mail or letter.
Upon receipt of your opt-out request, AV will take the required actions within a reasonable period of time; however, we cannot and do not guarantee that such removal will be effective immediate.
V.
How long we keep Customer Information
We maintain Customer Information about you for as long as we provide CIS to you, and longer for related business activities.
VI. How we protect the security of Customer Information
We take reasonable steps to protect Customer Information by using security technologies and procedures that limit access to our databases. However, no system is completely secure or error-free. We do not, and cannot, guarantee the complete security of Customer Information.
VII. Online credit card transactions
We protect the security of credit card transactions on the Internet by using a secure, encrypted Web server. We maintain credit card information collected during transactions in a secure database for fraud prevention and accounting and billing purposes. Stored information from credit card transactions is not released to third parties except in response to a subpoena or court order.
VIII. A Special Note for Parents Concerning Privacy
This website is not directed to children and we do not encourage children to participate in providing us with any personally identifiable information.
If we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13, we will delete that information as quickly as possible.
If you believe that we might have any information from a child under age 13, please contact us at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address).
We strongly recommend that children under age 13 use our services only under the approval and supervision of their parents or legal guardian(s).
We support the guidelines and regulatory requirements provided in the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA).
IX. Changes to this Privacy Policy
AV shares Customer Information in accordance with the Privacy Policy in effect at the time the information is collected. We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. If we make a significant change with regard to our collection or use of information about our customers, we will note on the main page of our Web sites that this Policy has been updated and may take additional reasonable steps to notify you about the new or revised Policy. Whenever possible, we will reasonably attempt to notify you in some way 30 days before the effective date of the change. To comment on or ask about this Policy, contact us by phone (805) 520-8350, email .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) or postal mail to: AV Privacy Policy, AeroVironment, Inc., 900 Innovators Way, Simi Valley, CA 93065.
© 2020 AeroVironment, Inc.
NOTICE: You are leaving the AeroVironment, Inc. website and are being directed to a website maintained by a third party that is not related to AeroVironment, Inc.
We are not, by referring or linking to such third party website, incorporating its contents. We do not endorse or guarantee, and we disclaim any responsibility for: the content, products or services offered on such linked website, its performance or interaction with your computer, its security and privacy policies and practices, and any consequences that may result from visiting such linked website.
Cancel
OK