http://www.starkitchen.com/privacy
Professional Services
Shop By Brand
Gift Cards
Careers
Blog
Events
Home /
Privacy
Privacy
Privacy Policy
Chefs' Toys ("we," "us" or "Chefs' Toys") respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it through our compliance with this Privacy Policy. We operate a website and other digital platforms with home page at: www.chefstoys.com. Our websites, together with our mobile site, mobile applications, email, text, or other electronic messages, constitute the "Website." This Privacy Policy applies to your access and use of the Website, and describes how we collect, use, share and protect the information you provide through the Website.
Your visitation, access, and use of our Website constitutes your agreement to follow and be bound by the terms of this Privacy Policy, including any changes to it. This Privacy Policy is subject to the Website Terms and Conditions, and all terms not defined in this Privacy Policy are defined in the Website Terms and Conditions.
Collection of Your Information
We collect several types of information from and about users of our Website. We collect personal information, which is information that identifies you and that may be used to contact you online or offline, such as your name, title, company name, email address, location address, phone or fax number, interests and preferences, transaction information, payment card or financial account information and order information, as well as information about you but does not identify you. We collect information about your equipment, website usage, browsing actions, and patterns. Lastly, We obtain information about you from third parties with whom we work (or vendors acting on our behalf) - for example, our suppliers, service providers, resellers, social media companies, and other business partners.
You agree that we may contact you through any and all contact information you provide to us.
Information You Provide to Us. We collect information when you provide it to us directly, such as when you:
Fill out forms
Respond to a survey
Create an account
Sign in as a guest
Create a profile
Search the Website
Make a purchase
Email, call or communicate with us
Sign up for email updates and promotions
Place an online order
Inquire about our services
Request information
Request a catalog
Submit an application for credit
Automatic Information Collection. When you access and interact with our site, we may use certain technologies to automatically collect your information. The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include: Cookies. We may automatically collect information using cookies, which enhance our ability to serve you. A cookie is a small data file that our Website transfers to your computer. We deliver these cookies and collect data on our Website, and we may also use a third-party agent to deliver cookies and collect data. We use the data we collect using cookies to help support the integrity of the registration and buying processes on our Website, retain your preferences and account settings, learn about your possible interests so we can personalize our and information to better support your interests, and improve our site and your experience.
Flash Cookies. We may also use flash cookies (local shared objects) to enhance your online experience. Flash cookies are small files similar to browser cookies and are used to remember the site's settings to personalize the look and feel of the site. Visit Adobe Flash Player security and privacy to learn more about how Adobe Systems, Inc. protects your privacy.
Web Beacons. We may also collect information using web beacons. Web beacons are electronic images that may be used on our site or in our emails. We use web beacons to deliver cookies, count visits, understand usage and campaign effectiveness, and to tell if an email has been opened or acted upon.
Do Not Track Disclosure. We may use the above technologies to collect information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites or other online services. The Website does not monitor for or behave differently if your computer transmits a "do not track" or similar beacon or message.
User Contributions. You also may provide, upload, submit, store, send content and data, or other information to be published or displayed (hereinafter, "posted") on public areas of the Website, or transmitted to other users of the Website or third parties (collectively, "User Contributions"). Your User Contributions are posted on and transmitted to others at your own risk. We cannot control the actions of other users of the Website with whom you may choose to share your User Contributions. Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that your User Contributions will not be viewed by unauthorized persons or that User Contributions will not be re-distributed to a wider audience. All User Contributions are deemed public and non-confidential information.
Use of Your Information
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including personal information, as follows:
To present our Website and its content;
To provide and deliver products and services;
To process and complete transactions;
To send you related information, including purchase confirmations, invoices, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages;
To respond to your comments and questions and provide customer service;
To administer your membership and communicate with you about your member benefits;
To send you communications about Chefs' Toys and partner products, services, offers, promotions, news, upcoming events and geographically relevant information;
To maintain and administer your Chefs' Toys Account;
To notify you about changes to our Website;
To allow you to participate in interactive features on our Website; To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it;
In any other way we may describe when you provide the information;
For any other purpose with your consent
To protect the security or integrity of the Sites, our company, or our customers and visitors
To determine your browser, recognize new or existing visitors, and better understand our audience, customers and website visitors (including by using tracking tools);
We might combine or share your information. For example, we may combine information we collected offline with information we collected online. We may also combine information we collected with information collected by a third party.
Sharing of Your Information
We may share your information, including personal information, with our partners, subsidiaries, affiliates, contractors, service providers, buyer or successor in interest, and other third parties that support our business, including payment card processing, shipping, and email distribution. These companies are prohibited by contract from using payment information for their own purposes or from sharing payment information with anyone other than Chefs' Toys or its designees.
We may also disclose your information, including personal information: to comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request; to enforce or apply our Terms and Conditions and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes; and if we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Chefs' Toys, our customers, or others.
We may also share aggregated data about our users that does not identify any individual, with third parties without restriction.
When making a credit card transaction on our site, we use a certified third party to enhance the safety and security of your personal information.
Your Communication Choices
You may opt out of receiving promotional emails from Chefs' Toys by following the unsubscribe instructions contained in those emails. You may also change your communication preferences in your My Account profile. Should you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional emails, including emails regarding your purchases, account, or other ongoing business relations.
Intention of our Website
Our Website is not intended for children under 13 years of age. No one under age 13 may provide any information to the Website. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at customersupport@chefstoys.com.
Our Website is also not intended for access and use by visitors located outside of the United States. Chefs’ Toys is located in the United States, and this Privacy Policy is intended to meet the laws and requirements of the United States, which may or may not necessarily be the same as the laws and regulations of your home country. Information collected through the Website is processed, transmitted and stored in the United States. You acknowledge and consent to such collection, process, transmission and storage of your information in the United States.
Updating Your Personal Information
If you would like to update or correct your personal information, go to your My Account page. To protect your privacy, you will be asked to enter your password upon submitting any updates or changes to your profile. You may also send us an email at customersupport@chefstoys.com to request access to, correct or delete any personal information that you have provided to us.
California Civil Code Section § 1798.83 permits users of our Website that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to customersupport@chefstoys.com.
Security of Your Personal Information
We use reasonable security measures and safeguards designed to protect personal information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction while it is under our control. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Website. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. You acknowledge and agree that we are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Website.
Privacy Policy Changes
From time to time, Chefs' Toys may make changes to this Privacy Policy. Should any additions or modifications to this Privacy Policy be made, we will post these changes on this page of the Website. We may also communicate changes through email or other methods. We encourage you to review our privacy policy periodically. Policy updates shall be effective the date the change is posted on the Sites. By continuing to use the Sites after We post any changes, you agree to the terms of the updated policy.
eMail Marketing
Recipients of our e-mail marketing messages can unsubscribe from receiving promotional e-mail by using the unsubscribe instructions located at the bottom of the message, or by sending a request with "unsubscribe" in the subject line to marketing@chefstoys.com. Please note that you may not unsubscribe or opt-out of non-promotional messages regarding your account, such as account verification, purchase confirmations, change or updates to features of the Sites, or technical and security notices. Because mailing lists are prepared in advance of each promotion, you may be sent a couple of promotions before the change is effective.
Contact Us
For questions, comments or concerns about this Privacy Policy or about our privacy practices, please contact us at customersupport@chefstoys.com or (714)665-2433.