https://www.wellsfargo.com/privacy-security/fraud/protecting-you
Skip to content
Banking and Credit Cards
Loans and Credit
Investing and Retirement
Wealth Management
Rewards and Benefits
Banking
Accounts and Services
Checking Accounts
Savings Accounts and CDs
Debit Cards
Credit Cards
Foreign Exchange
Global Remittance Services
Online Banking
Transfer and Pay
Mobile Features
Control Tower®
ATM Banking
Your Financial Goals
Tax Center
Banking Made Easy
Planning for Retirement
Security Center
Popular Links
Mortgage Rates
Routing Number
Overdraft Services
Get Help with Payment Challenges
Open a Checking Account
Apply for an Account or Service
Loans and Credit
Accounts and Services
Mortgage Loans
Home Equity Lines
Personal Loans
Student Loans
Auto Loans
Credit Cards
Your Financial Goals
Going to College
Borrowing and Credit
Security Center
Popular Links
Mortgage Rates
Home Equity Rates
Get Help with Payment Challenges
Finish Application/Check Status
Student Loan Discounts
Investing and Retirement
Our Investing Services
Overview
Self-Directed Investing
Automated Investing
Dedicated Financial Advisor
Compare Ways to Invest
Investing Solutions
IRAs
Invest in Mutual Funds
Rollovers (401k and IRA)
Investing for Education
Your Financial Goals
Strategy and Research
Planning for Retirement
Income in Retirement
Investing Basics
Popular Links
Contact a Financial Advisor
Open an IRA
Open a WellsTrade® Account
Open an Intuitive Investor® Account
My Retirement Plan
Employer Plan 401(k) Sign On
Wealth Management
Wealth Services
The Private Bank
Wells Fargo Advisors
Abbot Downing
All Wealth Management Services
Wealth Solutions
Wealth Planning
Private Banking
Investment and Asset Management
Fiduciary and Trust Services
Wealth Advice & Guidance
Strategy and Research
Wealth Management Insights
Conversations
Magazine
Next Step
Contact The Private Bank
Contact Wells Fargo Advisors
Contact Abbot Downing
Rewards and Benefits
Go Far® Rewards
Explore Rewards
Earn Rewards
Use Rewards
Share Rewards
Relationship Program
Customer Relationship Overview
Your Financial Goals
Banking Made Easy
Borrowing and Credit
Security Center
Popular Links
Sign On to Go Far Rewards
Go Far Rewards FAQs
Credit Cards
Navegó a una página que no está disponible en español en este momento. Seleccione el enlace si desea ver otro contenido en español.
Página principal
Comienzo de ventana emergente
Esta página solo está disponible en inglés
Selecione Cancele para permanecer en esta página o Continúe para ver nuestra página principal en español.
Cancele Continúe
Fin de ventana emergente
PersonalPrivacy, Cookies, Security, and LegalSecurity CenterHow We Protect You
How We Protect You
Print
We’re proactively advancing our security to help give you the protection you deserve
Wells Fargo is consistently enhancing our security measures and identifying new and emerging threats to help keep your accounts and information secure.
How we identify you
Unique Username and Password
When you sign up for online banking, we ask you to create a username and password to access your accounts. This information is encrypted during sign on.
To create a strong username and password consider using a unique phrase with a mix of letters and numbers that you only use for Wells Fargo accounts. Avoid using any part of your email address or information shared on social media, like the name of your pet, favorite movie, or anything else that someone could easily guess. We recommend your username and password only be used for your Wells Fargo account. For a stronger password, pick a phrase with a mix of letters and numbers. The longer your password, the harder it is to crack.
Wells Fargo customer service may request your username to authenticate you by phone, however, we’ll never ask for your password to verify your identity.
Advanced Access
Wells Fargo is continuously enhancing our authentication tools to help protect your account from fraud. We will initiate Advanced Access for certain high-risk transactions or changes (such as adding a new Zelle® payment recipient), requiring you to enter a one-time passcode to confirm your identity.
Wells Fargo will not call or text you requesting a one-time passcode. Beware of bank imposter scams.
Security Options
Explore additional sign on options, including two-factor authentication and biometrics, that you can customize to meet your needs.
How we protect your data
24/7 Fraud Monitoring
We are helping to keep your money safe by monitoring your account and alerting you to certain account activity we find suspicious. We may send a text or call if we notice unusual activity on your account. If it’s not your purchase, we will help you resolve it. If your banking behavior differs from your usual activity, we may restrict account access or prevent certain types of transactions. Further proof of identity may be required before we restore online access.
Encryption & Browser Requirements
All online and mobile banking sessions are encrypted to help protect your accounts. In addition, Wells Fargo only supports browsers that adhere to our encryption standards. We may block outdated browsers that could lead to a security risk, so be sure to keep your browsers up to date.
Automatic Sign Off
Wells Fargo will automatically sign you off from your online or mobile banking session after a period of inactivity. This reduces the risk of others accessing your information from your unattended computer or mobile device. For your security, always sign off after completing your banking activities.
How we protect against account fraud
Unauthorized Account Activity
Under federal law, Regulation E (Electronic Fund Transfer Act) provides certain protections to consumer customers when there is unauthorized account activity. Regulation E covers transfers of funds through electronic methods such as, the use of a debit or credit card, ATM withdrawals, and direct deposit activity through a checking, savings, or other consumer asset account at a financial institution used primarily for personal, family, or household purposes.
Zero Liability Protection
Wells Fargo Credit and Debit Cards come with Zero Liability protection at no additional cost, which means you will be reimbursed when you promptly report unauthorized card transactions.
With Zero Liability protection, you won’t be held responsible for any promptly reported unauthorized card transactions. For more information about liability for unauthorized transactions, review either your applicable Consumer Credit Card Customer Agreement and Disclosure Statement or your applicable Wells Fargo account agreement and card terms and conditions.
Zelle and the Zelle related marks are wholly owned by Early Warning Services, LLC and are used herein under license.
Apple, the Apple logo, Apple Pay, Apple Watch, Face ID, iPad, iPad Pro, iPhone, iTunes, Mac, Safari, and Touch ID are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. Apple Wallet is a trademark of Apple Inc. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc.
LRC-1019
Contact Us
Report fraud
Report phishing email and text scams
Report identity theft
Resources
Update your password
Set up alerts
Help protect your accounts
Do we have your number right?
Make sure your mobile number is correct so we can reach you if we detect suspicious activity.
Sign On
Was this content helpful?How was your experience with this page?Select oneIt answered all of my questions.It answered some of my questions.It didn't answer any of my questions.I experienced technical issues.Share your comments about this page:Please do not enter any personal or account information in this box. We cannot address customer service questions here.
Please do not enter any personal or account information in this box. We cannot address customer service questions here.
SubmitCloseThank YouWe appreciate your feedback.We are unable to contact you about your comments. For specific account-related questions or comments, please visit Customer Service.Close