https://www.argosmultilingual.com/privacy-policy
Skip to contentThis Privacy Policy has been set out in accordance with the Polish Act on the Protection of Personal Data of May 10, 2018 and Directive 95/46/EC of The European Parliament GDPR with REGULATION (EU) 2016/679, on the protection of individuals with regards to the processing of personal data. This Privacy Policy applies to www.argosmultilingual.com (“Website”) and all online/offline applications and mutual service offerings (“Services”) owned, provided and operated by Argos Multilingual (ARGOS TRANSLATIONS Sp. z o.o., with its registered seat at ul. Mogilska 100, 31-546 Krakow, Poland). By visiting our Website and using our Services, you (“User”) are consenting to the practices described in this Privacy Policy, including the data collection and information processing practices. Argos Multilingual is committed to preserving the privacy of our Users. If you do not agree with and consent to the terms and conditions set out in this policy, do not use this Website and/or the Services. We believe it is important for you to know and understand what data is collected and its purpose during your visit on our Website and using our Services.Personal Data AdministratorArgos Multilingual (ARGOS TRANSLATIONS Sp. z o.o., with its registered seat at ul. Mogilska 100, 31-546 Krakow, Poland) is the administrator of your data.Personal data is provided voluntarily. The personal data you have submitted while using this Website and/or our Services will be processed in one of our Personal Data Collections. A full list of Personal Data Collections can be found here. You have the right to review, edit or remove your Personal Data from any of the collection lists, by contacting us on pdr@argosmultilingual.com. At any time you feel we have breached the rights set out by the European Commission’s GDPR, please contact your local supervisory body.Information and Personal Data CollectedArgos Multilingual collects personal data from Users who visit the Website and use our Services. You may give us information about yourself by filling in forms on the Website or by corresponding with us by telephone, e-mail or otherwise (including through any new features of the Website which we reserve the right to add at any point in the future).Information and Personal Data collected includes but is not limited to:(i)   first and last name (ii)  email address (iii) mobile phone number (iv) work phone numberWe understand that each User is different and therefore we collect different information and personal data depending on what type of User you are in order to process your request appropriately. More information about the data collected for each User type can be found below:Customer DataContractor & Supplier DataEmployee & Potential Candidates DataPurpose and Use of Information and Personal DataPersonal data collected on this Website and through using our Services is used primarily for the purpose it is requested. This includes but is not limited to:Information about a service/sAccess to the website library contentPresent offers/quotasRecruitmentFuture mutual-cooperation/sArgos Multilingual does not make use of automated profiling and processing.Argos Multilingual may share personal data with their divisions located in third party countries. Our divisions use the same systems and uphold the same safeguards.Legal Basis For Collection of Personal DataArgos Multilingual collects personal data on this Website to enable us to provide Users with the services requested. Personal Data ProcessingPersonal Data collected is stored for a maximum period of 10 years, or until there is no further cooperation from the User’s side.The Use of CookiesArgos Multilingual uses cookies and other third-party technologies/tracking services to gather and analyze information concerning the operation and effectiveness of the Website and Services. These cookies are used to enhance and facilitate the Users’ experience with the Website and Services.Such third party tracking services may collect information about the User’s IP, location and browsing data on the Website and/or Services. This information may be aggregated to measure the number of visits, average time spent on the Website, bounce rate, pages viewed, and other similar information. We may use and disclose site use information, for example, to measure the use of the Website, improve the content, explain the utility of the Website and services we provide, and to extend their functionality. We use this information, which does not identify individual users, to analyze trends, to administer the Website, to track users’ movements around the Website and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole.Web browsers are usually set up to accept all cookies. In order to refuse cookies you will need to reset your browser to this option. Some Services may not function accordingly if cookies are disabled.We do not link this automatically-collected data to any personal information you submit while on the Website.Links & Other WebsitesThis Website may contain links to other sites. Argos Multilingual is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such sites. These sites may have their own policies regarding privacy and you are encouraged to familiarize yourself with their Privacy Policy.Social Media DisclaimerIn accordance with Argos Multilingual’s Social Media Policy, all employees and/or suppliers of the company may not associate their personal opinions as having been approved or endorsed by Argos Multilingual. Argos Multilingual’s name or marks may not be used to endorse any opinion, product, private business, cause, or political candidate. All Affiliated social media accounts are required to post the following disclaimer on their social media properties or the link to this disclaimer: Only messages that have been issued by or expressly approved by authorized officers of Argos Multilingual represent official company information and/or express the views and opinions Argos Multilingual. Any other information, views and opinions expressed on social media by employees and/or suppliers of Argos Multilingual or others are not approved or endorsed by Argos Multilingual and do not represent official company information and/or the views or opinions of Argos Multilingual. Argos Multilingual is not responsible for the accuracy or reliability of information posted that is not issued or approved by authorized officers of Argos Multilingual.  Any link to another web site in any social media administered by Argos Multilingual or its registered Affiliates does not represent an endorsement of the linked site by Argos Multilingual, which does not guarantee the validity of such sites, the servers that make them available, or that links to other web sites are free of viruses or other harmful components; or are free from disturbing/controversial content.Policy ChangesWe reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. Your continued use of the Website and/or our Services will constitute your acceptance and consent to any modifications to this Privacy Policy.
CookiesThis website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our Privacy Policy. Find out more.Okay, thanks