https://www.bakare.co.uk/terms/
Home
General Terms & Conditions Of Supply
General Terms & Conditions Of Supply
Bakare Beds Ltd General Terms & Conditions Of Supply
ORDER PROCESS
For all order we require written confirmation, this can be via Fax, Letter or E-mail, this confirmation MUST state the following:
Name and contact details.
Delivery address
Invoice address if different from above
Products and quantities required.
DELIVERY
Standard items 4-6 weeks, Special order 10-14 weeks. Fast 1-3 working day delivery available upon request.
Bakare will try to deliver the goods as arranged with you. The delivery dates are given as accurately as possible but we cannot guarantee them. You are not entitled to cancel the order or to claim damages if we cannot deliver on the dates we have arranged.
RETURNS
If for any reason you are not entirely satisfied with your purchase, inform us within thirty days after delivery and we will arrange to collect the product(s) as soon as possible. In cases where the product(s) are in perfect condition, BaKare Beds Ltd. will refund all monies paid for returned products including standard delivery charges, but excluding non-standard delivery and installation charges. We will not charge a de-installation charge. Where damages, either mechanical or cosmetic are apparent, and have been caused by neglect, wilful damage or by any other nature, charges of any or the entire total purchase price may apply. We do not buy back the goods from you outside of the thirty day money back guarantee.
This does not apply to:
special order items
for hygiene reasons, mattresses, or any sundry products likely to be used against naked skin
To cancel, you can email, fax or write to us within thirty working days of the delivery. You must take reasonable care of the goods and not use them. Items can be returned or we can arrange collection.
DEPOSITS
A 20% non-refundable deposit will be might be required for special order products. Deposits may also apply to Care Cots.
We will then begin to process your purchase. We will be entitled to recover any costs we have to pay for the order if you cancel it.
WHO OWNS THE GOODS
You will only own the goods when you have paid us all the amounts you owe under the goods order. Until that time we may recover the goods at any time.
GUARANTEE
We supply goods with a 36 month parts guarantee and a 12 month labour guarantee which applies from the date of installation and which covers the cost of parts and labour for faulty manufacture. It does not cover user error or misuse. We may repair or replace products at our discretion. 36 month parts warranty is invalid unless your product receives an annual inspection & service every 12 months.
YOUR RIGHT TO COMPLAIN
Every year BaKare Beds deal with hundreds of people. However, every so often someone is left feeling unhappy. Unfortunately, these things can happen and we have a policy of continuous improvement in order to provide customers with a great experience, which is why we have a complaints procedure. What you tell us helps to improve our service to you. We will treat your complaint confidentially, seriously and quickly. It is really important to let our staff know that you are unhappy and to give them the chance to put things right. Otherwise, please request our complaint form to initiate a formal complaints process. Please view our complaints procedure form here.
These Terms do not affect your statutory rights.
Established in 1993, Bakare is one of the UKs leading suppliers of adjustable beds, special needs cots, overhead hoists and other leading products aimed at helping people to lead richer, more mobile lives.
Useful linksProfiling Beds for Adults
Beds for Special Needs Children
Overhead Hoists
Riser Recliner Chairs
Profiling Beds  What Are The Benefits?
Complaints Procedure
Terms & Returns Policy
Privacy & GDPR
Virtual Demonstrations
Bakare Beds are delighted to be able to offer a remote video assessment & demonstration service to support Occupational Therapists & clients whilst adhering to social distancing measures regarding COVID-19. Our new SafeAssess remote assessment service allows healthcare advisers & clients interact in real time with product advisors whilst eliminating any risk of infection.
Information
Bakare Beds Ltd, Unit 1a,
Bluewater Estate, Bell Close
Plympton, Plymouth, PL7 4JH
Company Vat no. GB 643 405 947
Company Reg no. 02813000
 Copyright 1993 - 2020 | Bakare Beds Ltd | All Rights Reserved
Search for:
Search
Hit enter to search or ESC to close
Home
Brochure Request
Profiling Beds for Adults
Beds for Special Needs Children
Pressure Relieving Mattresses
Alternating Air Mattresses
Overhead Hoists
Overnight Carers Beds
Changing Benches
Riser Recliner Chairs
After Sales Support
Support
Breakdown Procedure for Volker
Manuals & Quick Guides
Extended Warranties
Blog & News
About Us
Coronavirus Communication
About Us
Assessments & Demos
Remote Video Assessments
Case Studies
Privacy Policy
Vulnerable Customers
Contact
VIEW OUR PRODUCTS: Book a video demonstration/assessment online Click here >