http://www.igods.com/legal/
By using our web site Services, you are agreeing to the following terms, conditions and notices.
Access to and use of this Web site and the products and search services available through this Web site (collectively, the "Services") are subject to the following terms, conditions and notices. By using the Services, you are agreeing to all of these terms, conditions and notices, without modification.
If any of the terms, conditions and notices contained in these Terms of Use conflict with the terms of use contained within any particular iGods.com Site, then those terms of use shall control the use of that Site. Please familiarize yourself with the terms of use applicable to each iGods.com Site. You can direct any questions concerning these Terms of Use to info@knowledgevine.net
Privacy Policy
We are committed to protecting your privacy. This privacy policy sets forth our practices regarding the use of "personal information" we gather from you.
Copyright Notice
Each and every item and component on this site is the exclusive proprietary property of the owner of this site and is protected under the Canadian Copyright Act.
Disclaimer
The contents of this page and all items accessed through this page are provided on an "as is" basis. The owner of this site shall not be responsible for any damages arising from your access to this Web site.
Anti-Spam Policy
We have a strict policy against spamming. This sets forth our policy with regard to the use of "Spam" marketing techniques.
Terms of Use
Access to and use of this Web site and the products and search services available through this Web site are subject to the enclosed terms, conditions and notices.
SEO Dasboard Service Agreement
This Agreement sets forth the terms and conditions of Your use of our SEO Dashboard Service. By using the Dashboard, you acknowledge you agree to be bound by all its terms and conditions.
Policy Changes
iGods.com may introduce new products and services to its users and members. We reserve the right to modify this policy at any time by notifying customers, via the KnowledgeVine.net website, of a new privacy policy. You can send email to us with any further questions: info@knowledgevine.net
About Us       |       Client List       |       Support       |       Pricing       |       Contact Us
iGods Internet Marketing © 2009 • Privacy Policy • Legal Pages