http://www.integreon.com/terms-of-use/
Terms of Use Home
Terms of Use These Terms of Use and the Privacy Policy constitute a binding agreement (”Agreement”) between you and Integreon, Inc. and its affiliated companies or subsidiaries (“Integreon”). By accessing, browsing and/or using this web site (”Site”) you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by these terms and to comply with all applicable laws and regulations. If you do not agree to these terms, do not use this Site. This Site may contain other proprietary notices and copyright information, the terms of which must be observed and followed. Information on this Site may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. Please read this Agreement carefully and be aware that Integreon may, in its sole discretion and without notice, revise these terms at any time by updating this posting. It is your responsibility regularly to review this Agreement and to acquaint yourself with any changes. Usage of this Site constitutes an irrevocable waiver of any claim that you did not read, understand, or agree to the terms of this Agreement.COPYRIGHT IN MATERIALSThe copyright in all materials provided or posted on this Site is held by Integreon or by the original creator of the material. Except as stated herein, none of the materials may be copied, reproduced, distributed, republished, downloaded, displayed, posted or transmitted in any form or by any means, including, but not limited to, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise, without the prior written permission of Integreon or the copyright owner. Permission is granted to download one copy of the materials on this Site on a single computer for your personal or internal business use only, provided that you do not modify the materials and that you retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the materials. This permission terminates immediately if you breach this Agreement. You may not “mirror” any material contained on this Site without Integreon’s express written permission. Any unauthorized use of the materials contained on this Site may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity and/or communications regulations and statutes. All content and functionality on this Site, including text, graphics, logos, icons, and images and the selection and arrangement thereof, are the exclusive property of Integreon or its licensors and is protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. All rights not expressly granted are reserved. Your use of this Site is conditioned upon your honoring these copyrights and other intellectual property rights reflected on the Site.PASSWORDSAccess to some or all of the Site may be password-restricted. The information supplied by you in connection with your registration is subject to Integreon’s Privacy Policy, which follows this Agreement. You shall not share your password with anyone and shall take reasonable care to protect your password from unauthorized use and disclosure. You must promptly report to Integreon any known, suspected, or anticipated unauthorized use of your password.TRADEMARKSUnless otherwise stated, the trademarks, service marks and logos (the “Trademarks”) used and displayed on this Site are registered and unregistered Trademarks of Integreon. Other trademarks, service marks and trade names may be owned by others. Nothing on this Site should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel or otherwise, any license or right to use any Trademark or any other Integreon intellectual property displayed on this Site. Integreon aggressively enforces its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law. The name Integreon or any other Trademarks may not be used in any way, including in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of materials on this Site, without prior written permission from Integreon. Integreon also prohibits use of its name or any other Trademark as part of a link to or from any site unless establishment of such a link is approved in advance by Integreon in writing.USER POSTINGSYou acknowledge and agree that Integreon shall own and have the unrestricted right to use, publish, in electronic form and otherwise, distribute and exploit any and all information that you post or otherwise publish on this Site (“Submissions”). You hereby waive any and all claims against Integreon for any alleged or actual infringements of any rights of privacy or publicity, moral rights, rights of attribution or any other intellectual property rights in connection with Integreon’s use and publication of such Submissions. This means that anything submitted by you to this Site may be used by Integreon for any purpose, now or in the future, without any payment to, or further authorization by, you. Unless otherwise expressly agreed in a separate writing between you and Integreon, Integreon shall own all right and title to Submissions. To the extent Integreon is deemed to not own Submissions, you automatically grant Integreon a perpetual, royalty-free, non-exclusive, unrestricted, worldwide and irrevocable right and license to use, reproduce, modify, publish, translate, prepare derivative works based upon, distribute, perform or display such Submissions, in whole or in part, in any form, media or technology known or hereafter developed for any purpose, including, but not limited to, advertising and promotional purposes. Integreon does not represent or endorse the accuracy or reliability of any Submissions displayed, uploaded, posted on any message board, or otherwise distributed through this Site by any user of this Site, information provider or any other third party. Integreon expressly disclaims any and all liability related to Submissions, and you acknowledge that any reliance upon such Submissions shall be at your sole risk. You covenant that you shall not post or otherwise publish on the Site any materials that: (i) are threatening, libelous, defamatory, or obscene; (ii) would constitute, or that encourage conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate law; (iii) infringe the intellectual property, privacy, or other rights of any third parties; (iv) contain a computer virus or other destructive element; (v) contain advertising; or (vi) constitute or contain false or misleading statements. Integreon in its sole discretion reserves the right to refuse to post and the right to remove any information or Submission from this Site, in whole or in part, for any reason.Online Privacy Policy – Use of CookiesPlease check our Privacy PolicyModifications of the Terms of UseIntegreon reserves the right to change the Terms of Use under which this website is offered at any time and without notice. You will be automatically bound by these modifications when you use this site, and should periodically read the Terms of Use.
Please leave this field empty.Regulatory Events Webpage Contact Us forme.g. LIBOR/IBOR, Transition, CCPA, GDPR, BREXITBy submitting this form, I understand that my data will be processed by Integreon as indicated above and described in the Terms of Use
×
Please leave this field empty.Please share your details by filling the form to request for a demoBy submitting this form, I understand that my data will be processed by Integreon as indicated above and described in the Terms of Use
×
Who We AreMeet the TeamMilestonesCorporate Social ResponsibilityWhat We DoBusiness Enablement ServicesAdministrative and Document ServicesCreative ServicesKnowledge & Research Management ServicesContracting ServicesCLM Process & Technology AssessmentContract Abstraction and MigrationContract Drafting and NegotiationLitigation ServicesManaged Document Review ServicesRisk & Regulatory ServicesCyber Incident ResponseRegulatory Events SupportLIBOR & IBOR Transition SolutionsSubpoena Processing & ComplianceKYC & AMLSolutionsCorporationsLaw FirmsCOVID-19: WFHNews, Insights & EventsNews & InsightsEventsCase StudiesPartnersCareersExplore OpportunitiesContact Us