http://www.hartmann.dk/north-america/legal-notice
Please wait...
About Us
Career
Investor
News
Download
Search
Back
Egg Packaging
EGG PACKAGING
Select from a wide range of sizes and shapes.
Egg packaging
PRODUCTS
Product Range
HartVue
HartTop
Hybrid
FIND YOUR PRODUCT
Product finder
Egg Marketing
Egg Marketing
Select from a wide range of graphic design and marketing services.
READ MORE
SERVICES
Egg Marketing
Technology
TECHNOLOGY
Benefit from a wide range of moulded fibre technology and related services.
READ MORE
Products
Product Range
Machinery Programme
Technology Upgrades
Mould Programme
Services
Customer Services
Sustainability
SUSTAINABILITY
Benefit from our wide range of initiatives and services.
READ MORE
INITIATIVES & OFFERS
Sustainability
ABOUT MOULDED FIBRE
Moulded fibre
Legal Notice
Company Information
This website is owned and operated by:
Brødrene Hartmann A/SØrnegårdsvej 182820 Gentofte (Denmark)Phone: +45 45 97 00 00Fax: +45 45 97 00 01E-mail: bh@hartmann-packaging.comCVR-no. 63 04 96 11
CopyrightYou may download material displayed on this website for non-commercial and personal use only, and provided that you adhere to and respect all copyright, trademark and other proprietary notices. The contents of this website may not be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted or distributed in any way – for either public or commercial use or communication – without the prior written permission of Brødrene Hartmann A/S. This also applies to texts, images, audio and video.
TrademarksThe trademarks and logos displayed on this website are the trademarks of Brødrene Hartmann A/S. Nothing contained on the site may be used without the prior written permission of Brødrene Hartmann A/S.CommunicationAny comments or materials sent to this website – or otherwise sent to Brødrene Hartmann A/S regarding this site – will be treated as non-confidential and may be used without any limitations or payment by Brødrene Hartmann A/S. Any such comments or materials shall be considered the company’s property upon receipt.Go to Privacy Policy of Brødrene Hartmann A/S
DisclaimerThis website has been designed in accordance with Danish law. Reasonable care is being taken to ensure that the site’s content is accurate and up-to-date; however, Brødrene Hartmann provides no guarantees or representations about the accuracy, sequence, timeliness or completeness of this website's content and may discontinue publishing the site without prior notice. The information contained on this site is intended for general guidance only.Brødrene Hartmann A/S assumes no responsibility for the content of any linked websites.Although Brødrene Hartmann A/S takes all reasonable measures to ensure that the website does not contain any viruses, computer worms, Trojans or other threats, we cannot provide guarantee that the website is free from such harmful programs. Therefore, Brødrene Hartmann A/S disclaims all liability related to loss due to harmful programs received from the website or due to the downloading of files from the website.In order to track the IP address of the visitors and monitoring their navigation on our website, Brødrene Hartmann A/S use cookies on a limited scale for statistical purposes. Cookies are small text files stored on your computer’s hard drive through your web browser by the website. Cookies only record the internet protocol address of the visitors. They do not provide Brødrene Hartmann A/S with any personal information about the visitors to this site.
The information will only be used within Brødrene Hartmann A/S, and by our relevant partners in order to increase the quality of content, service and support to our visitors and customers. From time to time, some of this information may be made public, however it will only be in an aggregate, non-personally identifiable form, such as how many visitors have visited www.hartmann-packaging.com.You have the right to be informed about the data that Brødrene Hartmann A/S has stored about you and you can also request (free of charge) that all incorrect personalised data is immediately corrected or that Brødrene Hartmann A/S ceases to process your personalised data. Brødrene Hartmann A/S shall not be liable for any loss whether direct, indirect, incidental or consequential, arising out of access to, use of, or reliance upon any of the website content or content on websites to which this site is linked; this is regardless of whether such content is accurate or complete. Brødrene Hartmann A/S will not pay any damages whether for loss or injury, punitive or otherwise because of any such access to, use of, or reliance upon any of the website content or content on websites to which this site is linked.This disclaimer and the website contents shall be governed exclusively by Danish law without regard to its conflict of law rules. Any dispute arising out of – or in relation to – the website, the privacy policy or this legal notice, shall, if it cannot be solved amicably, be decided exclusively by the Danish courts in Copenhagen, Denmark.
Photo Credits
On our website we use images from:
iStock
Fotolia
Getty Images