http://www.zandstudio.com/index.php/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use All Pages
Page 1 of 2
ZANDSTUDIO.COM PRIVACY POLICY STATEMENT:
(last updated: September, 2013)
Welcome to ZandStudio.com. Your privacy is very important to ZandStudio.com. ZandStudio.com has prepared this privacy notice to describe what information about you is collected and how that information may be used, disclosed and protected when you access or make a purchase on this website.
At ZandStudio.com, we are committed to providing excellent customer service and the highest quality prints while protecting the privacy of our customers. To better serve you, we may collect and maintain certain information regarding, for example, your name, your email address, your phone Number, and billing and shipping information. We do not sell or rent this information to other businesses, and we strictly protect and enforce the confidentiality of this information. We respect your privacy and seek to protect the trust you place in ZandStudio.com. Our Privacy Policy is explained in detail below.
It is our top priority to protect the privacy of our viewers and customers. We will work with customers and/clients to protect any personal information or images that are not covered in these policies. We work hard to provide outstanding, professional images for our customers and clients. Our goal is to keep our viewers and customers happy and safe. If your concern is not addressed in these policies, please contact us.
1. We will post images that are made at events that we are authorized to attend, or that are open to the general public.
2. It is our policy to NOT post images that depict the participants in an unflattering manner. This means that we will make every effort not to post images that we find to be offensive, containing inappropriate behavior, or physical attributes that should not be displayed.
3. We will not publish names, ages, or personal information that might be able to identify any athlete pictured. Towns and team names will be included to facilitate easy identification of events.
4. We will sell images only to families and athletes. We will NOT sell images for commercial use (advertisements, promotions, etc.) without specific model releases. From time to time, we may make images available to newspapers, yearbooks, magazines, and web sites for editorial use -- within the parameters set forth by the legal definitions of "editorial" use.
5. Sales of images to families and athletes does not affect the eligibility of collegiate athletes in Division II or III schools.
6. We will not enter into any binding agreements with minors. This applies to model releases, appearance requests, or any other contractual matter.
7. We use a third party to process orders online. As such, we do not have access to credit card information. Therefore, we will not maintain any database or other form of credit card information on our site or at our office.
8. If any parent, athlete, or authorized person requests that an image or game be removed from our site, we will act at our earliest convenience to remove the images of an individual -- or if that is not practical, remove the entire game from the site. Please contact us to make such a request.
9. Will our privacy policy change?
We may change or enhance our policy to improve our service to you. If we do change our policy, we will note those changes on our Web site. A message will be displayed on our home page for a period of time that a change has been made, and the change will be highlighted within the privacy policy. You are welcome to refer to this policy each time you are considering making a purchase.
This Website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Website that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Website.
If you have any questions or comments regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us at: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
SUBJECT TO CHANGE WITHOUT NOTICE
Prev Next >>
ZandStudio.com © 2020  • Privacy Policy • Graphic Art and Website Design by Hamid Zand +1 (714) 415-ZAND (9263)