https://www.batalas.co.uk/privacy/
Skip to content
Privacy Statement
Batalas Limited Data Privacy Statement – For general users and clients
Introduction
Batalas Limited (ICO registration ZA377507) takes your privacy very seriously. This Privacy Statement is intended to set out your rights and answer any queries you may have about your personal data. If you need more information, please contact privacyteam@batalas.com
If you have entered into a contract (directly or indirectly) with Batalas Limited, the controller of your data will be Batalas Limited
Our personal information handling policy and procedures have been developed in line with the requirements of the 1995 European Union Data Protection Directive (Directive 95/46/EC) and the General Data Protection Regulation (in force from 25 May 2018) and applicable national law.
What information do we collect?
We collect and process personal data about you when you interact with us and our products and when you purchase goods and services from us. The personal data we process includes:
your name;
your username and password;
your home or work address, email address(es) and/or phone number(s);
your job title;
your payment and delivery details, including billing and delivery addresses, where you make purchases from us;
information related to the browser or device you use to access our website;
internet browser and operating system;
recordings of calls you make to us, and we make to you;
and/or any other information you provide
How do we use this information and what is the legal basis for this use?
We process the personal data listed in paragraph 1 above for the following purposes:
as required to establish and fulfil a contract with you, for example, if you make a purchase from us or enter into an agreement to provide or receive services. This may include verifying your identity, taking payments, communicating with you, providing customer services and arranging the delivery or other provision of products or services. We require this information in order to enter into a contract with you and are unable to do so without it;
to comply with applicable law and regulation;
in accordance with our legitimate interests in protecting Batalas Limited’s legitimate business interests and legal rights, including but not limited to, use in connection with legal claims, compliance, regulatory and investigative purposes (including disclosure of such information in connection with legal process or litigation);
with your express consent to respond to any comments or complaints we may receive from you, and/or in accordance with our legitimate interests including to investigate any complaints received from you or from others, about our website or our products or services;
we may use information you provide to personalise (i) our communications to you; (ii) our website; and (iii) products or services for you, in accordance with our legitimate interests;
to monitor use of our websites and online services. We may use your information to help us check, improve and protect our products, content, services and websites, both online and offline, in accordance with our legitimate interests;
if you provide a credit or debit card, we will never ask you for these details directly. We will provide you with a link to a third party payment provider who will process the payment.
we may monitor any customer account to prevent, investigate and/or report fraud, terrorism, misrepresentation, security incidents or crime, in accordance with applicable law and our legitimate interests;
in circumstances where contact is made by telephone, calls may be recorded for quality, training and security purposes, in accordance with our legitimate interests; and
we may use your information to invite you to take part in market research or surveys.
We may also send you direct marketing in relation to relevant products and services. Electronic direct marketing will only be sent where you have given your consent to receive it, or (where this is allowed) you have been given an opportunity to opt-out. You will continue to be able to opt-out of electronic direct marketing at any time by following the instructions in the relevant communication.
With whom and where will we share your personal data?
We may share your personal data to deliver products or services where elements of these are provided by companies other than that with which you have directly contracted.
We may also share your personal data with the below third parties:
the CQI IRCA (for CQI IRCA certified courses)
our professional advisors such as our auditors and external legal and financial advisors;
marketing and communications agencies where they have agreed to process your personal data in line with this Privacy Notice;
market research companies;
our suppliers, business partners and sub-contractors; and/or
search engine and web analytics.
Personal data may be shared with government authorities and/or law enforcement officials if required for the purposes above, if mandated by law or if needed for the legal protection of our legitimate interests in compliance with applicable laws. Personal data may also be shared with third party service providers who will process it on behalf of Batalas Limited for the purposes above. Such third parties include, but are not limited to, providers of website hosting, venue hosting, maintenance, call centre operation and identity or credit checking.
In the event that our business or any part of it is sold or integrated with another business, your details will be disclosed to our advisers and those of any prospective purchaser and will be passed to the new owners of the business.
How long will you keep my personal data?
We will not keep your personal information for any purpose for longer than is necessary and will only retain the personal information that is necessary in relation to the purpose. We are also required to retain certain information as required by law or for as long as is reasonably necessary to meet regulatory requirements, resolve disputes, prevent fraud and abuse, or enforce our terms and conditions.
Where you are a customer of our classroom or Standard(s) based courses, we will keep your information for the length of any contractual relationship you have with us; after that, for a period in line with the relevant Standard(s) lifecycle plus three years. Subsequent to this period, only sufficient information to enable replacement of certificates will be retained.
Where you are a customer of our Self-Paced (eLearning) courses, we will keep your information:
while you interact with us and our content;
for 12 months from when you last interacted with us, or our content; or until you unsubscribe from our communications.
Where you have an enquiry, or are a prospective customer, and you have expressly consented to us contacting you, we will keep your information:
while you interact with us and our content;
for 12 months from when you last interacted with us, or our content; or until you unsubscribe from our communications.
We will retain your data for a short time beyond the specified retention period, to allow for information to be reviewed and any deletion to take place. In some instances, laws may require Batalas Limited to hold certain information for specific periods other than those listed above.
Where is my data stored?
The personal data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”).  It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers, in which case the third country’s data protection laws will have been approved as adequate by the European Commission or other applicable safeguards are in place. Further information may be obtained from our Data Officer.
What are my rights in relation to my personal data?
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data, clicking the unsubscribe button on any communication we have sent to you, or by contacting us.
Where you have consented to us using your personal data, you can withdraw that consent at any time.
If the information we hold about you is inaccurate or incomplete, you can notify us and ask us to correct or supplement it.
You also have the right, with some exceptions and qualifications, to ask us to provide a copy of any personal data we hold about you.
Where you have provided your data to us and it is processed by automated means, you may be able to request that we provide it to you in a structured, machine readable format.
If you have a complaint about how we have handled your personal data, you may be able to ask us to restrict how we use your personal data while your complaint is resolved. In some circumstances you can ask us to erase your personal data (a) by withdrawing your consent for us to use it; (b) if it is no longer necessary for us to use your personal data; (c) if you object to the use of your personal data and we don’t have a good reason to continue to use it; or (d) if we haven’t handled your personal data in accordance with our obligations.
How secure is my data?
Batalas Limited take all steps possible to protect your data. In the unlikely event of a data breach, we shall act in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR) requirements.
Where can I find more information about Batalas Limited’s handling of my data?
Should you have any queries regarding this Privacy Statement, about Batalas Limited’s processing of your personal data or wish to exercise your rights you can contact Batalas Limited’s Privacy Team using this email address privacyteam@batalas.com
If you are not happy with our response, you can contact the Information Commissioner’s Office: https://ico.org.uk/
Updates to this Statement:
Batalas Limited reserves the right to amend or modify these statements. You will be deemed to have accepted all the new changes after they are posted on this site.
Should you have any questions regarding our Privacy Statement, please email us at privacyteam@batalas.com or phone +44 (0) 333 700 9001 and speak with our Data Officer.
Last updated 25/05/18
Not sure which course is right for you?Use our course selector
click to view BLACK FRIDAY SALE
Send this to a friendYour emailRecipient emailSendCancel