http://www.connectcare.com/for-members/connectcare-and-your-privacy/
Skip to Content
Site Search
Main Menu
Website Search
For Members
For Providers
For Employers
About Us
Main Navigation
Find a Doctor
Find a Facility
You are here:
Home > For Members > ConnectCare and Your Privacy
In This Section
For Members
Member Info Center
Claims and Benefit Information
Documents and Forms
Frequently Asked Questions
Member Rights
ConnectCare and Your Privacy
About ConnectCare
What is a PPO?
ConnectCare and Your Privacy
USE AND RELEASE OF YOUR HEALTH INFORMATIONIt is the intent of ConnectCare to protect the integrity, availability, and confidentiality of health information.  Whether the information is verbal, written, or electronic, it must be treated with the same level of confidentiality.  A major focus is to prevent any individual from accessing unauthorized information from all computer and communication systems.  Individuals only receive access to the minimum information required to perform their jobs.  Records containing health information are stored in locked, secure areas in the ConnectCare offices.  If health information is provided to plan sponsors, it is de-identified in order to preserve confidentiality and prevent misuse of the information. Health information is routinely shared for the following reasons:
Treatment:  We may use medical information to decide if services are covered under your health plan.  We may discuss your health care needs with staff at doctors offices, hospitals, home care agencies or equipment companies to stay aware of your condition and coordinate the different things you may need.
Payment:  We may use medical information to arrange payment of covered services that you receive.
Healthcare Operations:  We may use medical information to run our organization and make sure that you receive quality care.  We may notify you about health-related services that may be helpful and may contact you to ask questions about your satisfaction with services.
As Required by Law:  We will share information about you when required by federal, state or local law.
ConnectCare requests your consent to release information not covered by this notice or by law.
YOUR RIGHTS REGARDING MEDICAL INFORMATIONYou have the following rights about medical information we maintain about you:
Right to Inspect and Copy:  Upon written request and payment if required, you have the right to inspect and copy medical information, including medical and billing records that may be used to make decisions about your care.  We may deny your request in certain limited circumstances.  If you are denied access, you may request that the denial be reviewed and a person who did not perform the initial review will conduct it.  We will comply with the outcome of the review.
Right to Amend:  By written request and a valid reason, you may ask us to amend medical information about you that is incomplete or incorrect.  We may deny your request if you ask us to amend information that:
was not created by us
is not part of the medical information kept by ConnectCare
is not part of the information that you would be permitted to inspect or copy
is accurate and complete
Right to an Accounting of Disclosures:  To request a list of the disclosures we have made of medical information about you, submit your request in writing.  The maximum time frame that can be requested is six years prior to the date of your request, but ConnectCare is not required to provide an accounting of disclosures before April 14, 2003.  We will notify you if a fee is involved to process your request.
Right to Request Restrictions:  You have the right to request a restriction or limitation on the medical information we use or disclose about you for treatment, payment, healthcare operations, or to someone involved in your care.  We are not required to agree to the request.  If we do not agree to your request, we will notify you in writing.  To request restrictions, send your written request to the ConnectCare privacy officer including:
what information you want to limit
whether you want to limit our use, disclosure, or both
to whom you want the limits to apply
Right to Request Confidential Communications:  You have the right to request that we communicate with you about medical matters in a certain way or at a certain location, such as at work, or by mail.  To do so, send your written request to the privacy officer specifying how or where you wish to be contacted.  We will accommodate all reasonable requests.
Right to a Paper Copy of this Notice:  A notice related to the use and release of your health information is posted at www.connectcare.com.  You have a right to request a paper copy of this notice at any time by contacting the ConnectCare privacy officer.
CHANGE TO THIS NOTICEWe reserve the right to change this notice and make the change effective for medical information we already have about you, as well as any information we receive in the future.  We will post a current copy on the ConnectCare Web site.
COMPLAINTS
If you believe your privacy rights have been violated, you may file a complaint with the ConnectCare complaint officer or with the Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services.  All complaints must be submitted in writing.  You will not be penalized for filing a complaint.
OTHER USES OF MEDICAL INFORMATIONOther uses of medical information not covered by this notice or the laws that apply to ConnectCare will be made only with your written permission.  If you provide permission to use or disclose medical information about you, this permission may be revoked in writing at any time.  If you revoke your permission, we will no longer use or disclose medical information about you for the reasons covered in your written authorization.  Please understand that we are unable to take back any disclosures that were already made with your permission.
If you have any questions about this notice, please contact the privacy officer at: ConnectCare 4000 Wellness Drive Midland, MI  48670 989-839-3637
ConnectCare
4000 Wellness DriveMidland, MI 48670
Contact Us
Privacy Policy