https://www.parmeliaprint.com.au/privacy-policy-2/
call us now on (08) 9242 1392
Instant quote
Privacy Policy
There are two primary reasons we require such information.
To supply services to our members,
To enable us to communicate with members
Under no circumstances will we sell members’ information. The only time information is disclosed to a third party is when it is related to the provision and/or improvement of services or if we are required to do so by Australian law. In both cases these entities meet with strict guidelines to preserve members’ privacy.
For our members’ convenience, cookies are used in this site. These pieces of information are applied to our site to enhance its functionality to save you having to input the same information time and time again.
Our site does not use cookies to store personal information about you or to track your internet usage. This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyse how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
The data recorded is strictly of a non-personal nature and is used to assist us in improving content and services offered. Information recorded relates to website traffic and usage statistics.
Email addresses recorded by us for specific requested services and subscriptions are not disclosed to third parties and remain secured by us. Members are able to opt out of receiving such material at any time by unsubscribing through the specified channels.
Contact Us Now
(08) 9242 1392
(08) 9242 4738
14 Donovan Street, Osborne Park, WA 6017
info@parmeliaprint.com.au
© Parmelia Print, 2020