https://www.royalchemical.com/privacy-policy?hsLang=en
Royal Chemical
Privacy Policy
Royal Chemical Company, Ltd. (“Royal”) respects the privacy of every individual and is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy provides information on the manner in which your personal information obtained through your use of www.royalchemical.com or related sites (the “Website”) is processed and used on this Website.  Royal uses your personal information only in ways that are compatible with this Privacy Policy. In addition to reviewing this Privacy Policy, please read our Terms and Conditions of Use. Your use of the Website constitutes agreement to be bound by the Terms and Conditions of Use and this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the Terms and Conditions of Use and this Privacy Policy, you should not use this Website.
Information Collected. Royal collects personal information from you (for example, your name, postal address, email address, and other data) when you provide personal data through our Website. The Website generally collects personally identifying information with your specific knowledge and consent. For instance, when you email us or complete a “contact” form, you are asked to provide information such as your email address, name or phone number. Optional information also may be requested. Royal does not sell the email addresses of its customers.  Royal may collect and store additional usage information such as where, what and when you are searching. Information about your use of Royal products and services may be aggregated or otherwise de-identified for business and marketing uses by us or by third-parties. Royal reserves the right to use information gathered by it for any and all purposes.
Third-Party Access. We allow access to our database by third-parties that provide us with services, such as technical maintenance and search software, but only for the purpose of and to the extent necessary to provide those services. There also may be occasion when we are legally required to provide access to our database in order to cooperate with investigations or other legal proceedings. In those instances, the information is provided only for that purpose.
Use of Information. Your information is stored in a secured database and is used for purposes of providing you with information requested by you, providing for a follow up with you in connection with our products and services and as a part of our mailings and solicitations to prospective customers. The information you provide also may be utilized for market research purposes. Please note that all email that originates from us will either display the www.royalchemical.com domain name.
Disclosure of Personal Information.  Except as set forth in this Privacy Policy, Royal does not share, rent or sell personal information about you with other people or companies.  We reserve the right to use in any manner and also to disclose any non-personal information that we collect including, but not limited to, cookie and traffic data. Third-party service providers may assist us with the administration of the site or otherwise perform services on our behalf.  Information about our users and their activity on the site is a business asset of Royal. Therefore, information about our users, including personal information, will be disclosed as part of any merger or acquisition, creation of a separate business to provide the site, our services or fulfill products, sale or pledge of company assets as well as in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy or receivership in which personal information would be transferred as one of the business assets of the company. We reserve the right to transfer your personal information to a third-party in the event of a corporate sale, merger, acquisition, dissolution or similar event.
Unsolicited Email (SPAM). You should be aware, however, that unscrupulous marketers can sometimes “harvest” your email address directly from your computer or another person’s address book or even obtain your email address through programs that automatically search web pages and email traffic for email addresses.  Royal also may disclose or exchange with others information you have provided to us if we believe that the law requires us to do so or if it is necessary to protect the rights or property of Royal, our affiliate companies, our staff, or our users.
Information Automatically Collected.  In addition, we automatically receive and collect certain types of information whenever you visit our Website.  For example, like many websites, we use “cookies” and web beacons to obtain certain types of information when your web browser accesses our Website.  We use this information to monitor the usage and performance of our Website, to enhance our customers’ search  experiences and to determine aggregate information about our user base and usage patterns.  We also use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, to administer our Website, and to communicate with you after you have sent us emails. If you send us emails, from time to time we may use information about your preferences and interests to send updates to you about Royal, its services, listing, special offers, or information that may be of interest to you.  If you do not want any cookies, your web browser likely includes an option that allows you to not accept them. However, if you set your browser to refuse cookies, some portions of the Website may not function properly.
Do Not Track.  Royal does not track its Website users over time and across third-party websites in order to provide targeted advertising. Royal therefore does not respond to Do Not Track (DNT) signals. However, some third-party sites do keep track of your browsing activities when they serve you content, which enables them to tailor information that is presented to you. If you are visiting third-party sites, you should become familiar with the site’s tracking policies. Royal makes no representations and accepts no responsibility for the tracking activities of any third-party. Royal may keep track of technical information about your computer or mobile device, such as the browser type and version, browser plug-in types and versions and operating system of your computer; the Internet Service Provider (ISP) or other provider you use to access this website, links on this website and certain of our services; and your internet protocol (IP) address, location and time zone setting. To help us understand the use of this website by users, improve your site experience and aid us in marketing and managing this website and our services, we may also collect information as to how you were directed to this website and our services, how you navigate around them, what products or services you browse, which external websites or links you access from this website. This information may be used, among other things, in the reporting, marketing and analysis of this website and its services and features and may be shared with our affiliates, suppliers, providers and/or their and our respective agents and contractors.
Security.  Royal will use reasonable precautions to keep the information disclosed to us secure and not to disclose such information to any third-parties. However, we are not responsible for any breach of security or for any actions of any third-parties that may receive the information. Access to your personal information is limited to people who need it to do their job. For example, if we need to mail something to you, we must share your name and address with a direct mail company. We limit such third-parties in their access and use of your personal information. We cannot guarantee the protection of information against interception, misappropriation, misuse, or alteration or that your information may be disclosed or accessed by accidental circumstances or by the unauthorized acts of others.  We have no control over the security of other sites on the Internet you might visit, interact with, or from which you buy products or services.
Linked Web Sites. Our Website includes links to other websites operated and maintained by separate companies. We have no responsibility for linked websites and provide these links solely for the convenience and information of our visitors.  Those websites may have different privacy policies. If you click through to another website, you should check the privacy policy of that website, which will usually (but not always) be posted on the website. Royal is not responsible for the privacy policies of other sites.
Children.  This Website is directed to adults and is not directed to children under the age of 18.  Royal complies with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act and does not permit registration by and will not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under 18. This Privacy Policy will be posted on the Website.
Changes to Information. We need your help in making sure your personal information is correct in our systems. Please notify us of changes to your name, address, title, phone number or email address. You may correct your personal information or select the option not to receive future Royal contacts (for example, mailings, calls, etc.) by emailing us at the address below. In the event you elect not to receive any future contacts from Royal, we will endeavor to remove your name from all of our contact lists. We shall have no liability under this Privacy Policy for our failure to accomplish this objective. If you would like to have your personal information updated, corrected or removed from our records, please send us an email with "Update/Correct or Remove personal information" in the subject line to info@royalchemical.com.
Your Consent. By using our Website, you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of information in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy. By using our website, you should also be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit can be read, collected, or used by other users of the Website, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit through your use of the Website.
We reserve the right to modify or amend this Privacy Policy at any time in our sole and absolute discretion.  If we change our Privacy Policy, we will post any changes on this page and your continued use of the Website constitutes your acceptance and agreement to any revisions to our Privacy Policy.
IP Address. Your Internet Protocol ("IP") address is usually associated with the place from which you enter the Internet, like your Internet Service Provider, your company or your university. We may use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, gather broad demographic information, and administer our Website.
If you have other concerns or questions about any aspect of this Privacy Policy, you may email us at info@royalchemical.com or contact us:
Royal Chemical Company, Ltd.
1755 Enterprise Parkway
Suite 600
Twinsburg, Ohio 44087
Phone:  330.467.1300
Effective March 19, 2018
About Us
Our Capabilities
Industries Served
Locations
Consultation
Meet The Team
Connect With Us
Recent Blog Posts
Corporate Office
8679 South Freeway Drive
Macedonia, OH 44056
Call Us
1-844-462-7692
Email Us
info@royalchemical.com
© 2020 Royal Chemical Company
Privacy Policy