http://www.blackbaud.com/company/privacy-policy/europe
Privacy Policy Europe
The short version:We respect your personal data.We store it securely.We will never sell your personal data.We will delete it when you ask us to.We may send you content we think is relevant or interesting to you, but will stop contacting you if you ask.We may use your data to contact you about information you request; to allow you to sign in to our secure site; or in connection with your organisation’s purchase and use of our solutions or services.What about GDPR?We’re using legitimate interest as our legal basis for sending direct marketing to potential and existing customers, because promoting our solutions and services is necessary for our legitimate commercial interests in selling products to power
social good. We feel that sending you marketing communications does not impact your rights and freedoms and you can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more, please read the “Our Legitimate Interests”
section below.More detail:Blackbaud Privacy Policy Who We AreHow to Reach Our Data Protection OfficerCollecting Your Personal InformationUse of your Personal InformationLegal Bases for Using Your DataOur Legitimate InterestsConsequences of Not Providing DataSharing Your Personal DataAutomated Decision-MakingYour RightsInformation Collected from ChildrenSecurity of your Personal InformationLinks to Other WebsitesUse of CookiesContests, Sweepstakes and Other PromotionsTransfer of InformationKeeping Your DataChanges to this PolicyBlackbaud Privacy Shield Notice:Privacy ShieldBlackbaud Privacy Policy:This Policy applies to Blackbaud’s collection and use of personal data in connection with our marketing and provision of the Blackbaud Solutions (except JustGiving and Everydayhero), customer support and other services (collectively, the “Services”),
for example if you are an active customer, if you visit the website, interact with us at industry conferences or work for a customer that uses the Services. At Blackbaud, we are committed to respecting your privacy. If you’re a constituent,
supporter, patient or student of one of our customers, to which we provide any of the Blackbaud Solutions (except JustGiving), your data will be used in accordance with that customer’s privacy policy. In providing the Solutions, Blackbaud acts
as a data processor and only in accordance with the customer’s instructions. Thus, this Policy will not apply to constituents of our customers.Who We AreThis website is provided by Blackbaud Europe Ltd., an entity established under the laws of Scotland. You can contact us via admin@blackbaud.co.uk or by writing to Blackbaud Europe, 2nd Floor, Blue Fin Building,
WeWork, 10 York Rd., London, SE1 7ND, United Kingdom.How to Reach Our Data Protection OfficerTo contact Blackbaud’s Data Protection Officer regarding our processing of your personal data, email privacy@blackbaud.co.uk.Collecting Your Personal InformationWe collect personal data that you provide to us, either by creating a Blackbaud account, using the website, submitting ‘Contact Us’ forms, or otherwise interacting with us (like at conferences and trade shows). Generally, this information
is requested when you are asked to register for a Blackbaud ID, subscribe to e-mail newsletters, complete an online form, download resource information, or when requesting information about or purchasing Blackbaud Services. The data we collect in
these instances is limited to your contact information (name, address, email address etc.)and information about your organisation (like your job title and sector), since we’ll only be engaging with you in a professional capacity.We also collect cookies, which you can read more about below.We may collect data about you from third parties. As is typical for businesses that market their products to other organisations, sometimes we obtain your work contact information from third party data suppliers to contact you with communications containing
promotions, customer stories, Blackbaud news and updates or thought leadership. We may also get your information from publicly-available sources, like LinkedIn or your organisation’s website. The personal data we collect from third parties is
limited to your work contact information and job title.Use of your Personal InformationWe may use your personal information in the following ways:Log In: Using your Blackbaud ID, we allow you to sign into the secure portion of our website. We also use your data to give you access to the Blackbaud Community, where we may notify you of important
news and alerts about our Services.Information Requests: We send you information you request about the Blackbaud Services.Marketing Communications: We may contact you about promotions, customer stories, Blackbaud news and updates or thought leadership content. We may send these communications via email or post, call your
organisation or serve you advertisements on our website and others.Customers: If you’re a Blackbaud customer, we may use your personal data to provide Services you request and in connection with payments.Improving Blackbaud: We use aggregated and personal data about you and your use of our website and the Blackbaud Services to develop and test those services. Blackbaud does this analysis using a variety
of data sources—transactional data (how you use the website and Services), click stream and log data (web traffic and Services usage), email data (how you respond to emails we send you) and customer support data. Legal Bases for Using Your DataWe process your personal data on a variety of legal bases depending on the use. Blackbaud has a legitimate commercial interest in sending and showing you marketing communications and using your data to improve Blackbaud. When you request that we perform
certain functions for you, these activities require that we process your personal details, or else we can’t perform the function you’re requesting. The functions you can request are to provide you with a Blackbaud ID, provide you with
information about Blackbaud Services that you inquire about and provide you with Blackbaud Services in accordance with the Blackbaud Solutions Agreement. These uses of your data are necessary for us to perform a contract or a request you’ve
made.
Our Legitimate InterestsWe may process your personal data for the purposes of our legitimate interests, provided that these uses aren’t outweighed by your rights or interests. For any uses we justify on the basis of legitimate interest, you have the right to opt out of
such processing by contacting us. For each of the following purposes, we have conducted a legitimate interest assessment to ensure that such processing isn’t overridden by your rights or interests.
We employ safeguards, such a formal data governance programme and robust security measures, to protect your privacy.
Making Blackbaud Better: As stated above, we use aggregated and personal data about you and your use of our website and Services to develop and test such Services. These activities are necessary to fulfil our interest in creating better tools for enhancing
the ecosystem of good by helping us create better technology, better communications and a better website.Sending or Showing Direct Marketing to Organisations: We use your data to send organisations marketing communications about our Services and offerings from our affiliated organisations. We may send these communications via email or post, call your organisation
or serve you advertisements on our website and others. As for most companies, our ability to market our Services is necessary for our commercial interests and may allow us to expand our customer base.  Consequences of Not Providing DataYou are not required to provide personal data to us. Note, however, that your failure to do so may affect our ability to provide the Services and fulfil your requests. For example, we cannot provide you access to the Services without authorising you as
a user for your organisation.
Sharing Your Personal DataWe may disclose your data to our affiliated organisations and subsidiaries, and to service providers who render services to us or you on our behalf (all of which are contractually obligated to act only on our instructions and in accordance with applicable
laws, including GDPR). We also may disclose your information if required by law or to enforce our legal rights or defend us against a legal claim. We may share your information in connection with a sale or reorganisation of Blackbaud, but in any such
case, the terms of this Policy will continue to apply.Our service providers include:IT, invoicing, information security and cloud services providers – to help us provide the website and Services and keep your data safe;Communication providers – to assist us with the processing and delivery of email and other communications; andBehavioural analytics tools, like Mixpanel – to collect and help us understand data when you use our website and Services.Automated Decision-MakingBlackbaud does not conduct automated decision-making on its potential or current customers. Your RightsBlackbaud recognises that your personal data belongs to you and we don’t wish to use it in ways that you don’t want us to.You can exercise a variety of rights regarding our use of your data:You can ask us for a copy of the information we have about you.You can ask us to correct any incorrect data we have about you. If you are a registered user of our website, you may review and update this information at any time on www.blackbaud.co.uk. Registered users
can view and edit personal information they have already given us. You can ask us to delete your data.You can ask for your data in a common, machine-readable format.You can object to any processing we do on the basis of legitimate interests.You can ask us to restrict the processing of your data. We may send you e-mails with promotional offers, special event information, sales notifications or other messages. If you would no longer like to receive such e-mails from us, please follow the
“Unsubscribe” instructions at the end of each email or contact us. Your e-mail address will be removed from our marketing list.To exercise any of the foregoing rights, contact us here.  Note that some of these rights aren’t absolute—for example, we may not be able to forget you if we have to keep some of your data
to comply with the law—but we’ll evaluate your request in accordance with applicable data protection laws. Blackbaud will respond to your request within one month of receiving it. Also, note that you have the right to lodge a complaint
with the UK Information Commissioner’s Office or the supervisory authority in your country of residence or place of work.Information Collected from Childrenwww.blackbaud.co.uk and its affiliate microsites are general audience sites, and we do not knowingly collect information about children or sell products to children under the age of 13. If you are under the
age of 13, you must ask your parent or guardian to assist you in using our website. Furthermore, we may restrict entries to any contests, sweepstakes or promotions to entrants who are at least 18 years of age.Security of your Personal InformationWe restrict access to personal information collected about you at our website to our employees, our affiliates’ employees, those who are otherwise specified in this Policy or others who need to know that information to provide the Services to you
or in the course of conducting our business operations or activities. While no website can guarantee exhaustive security, we maintain appropriate physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect your personal information collected via the
website. We protect our databases with various physical, technical and procedural measures and we restrict access to your information by unauthorised persons. We also advise all Blackbaud employees about their responsibility to protect customer data
and we provide them with appropriate guidelines for adhering to our company’s business ethics standards and confidentiality policies. Inside Blackbaud, data is stored in password-controlled servers with limited access. Links to Other WebsitesFor your convenience, we may provide links to other websites that we do not control. We cannot be responsible for the privacy practices of any websites not under our control and we do not endorse any of these websites, the services or products described
or offered on such sites or any of the content contained on those sites.Use of CookiesA cookie is a piece of information that a web server may place on your computer when you visit a website. Cookies are commonly used by websites to improve the user experience and have not been known to transmit computer viruses or otherwise harm your
computer. Many cookies last only through a single website session, or visit. Others may have an expiration date, or may remain on your computer until you delete them.We may use cookies for a number of purposes—for example, to maintain continuity during a user session, to gather data about the usage of our website for research and other purposes, to store your preferences for certain kinds of information and
marketing offers or to store a user name or encrypted identification number so that you do not have to provide this information every time you return to our website. To ensure we are publishing content customers need and want, Blackbaud collects aggregated
site-visitation statistics using cookies. When someone visits the site, a cookie is placed on the customer’s machine (if the customer accepts cookies) or is read if the customer has visited the website previously. Our cookies will track only your activity relating to your online activity on this website, and will not track your other Internet activity.
You can decide if and how your computer will accept a cookie by configuring your preferences or options in your browser. However, if you choose to reject cookies, you may not be able to use certain of our Services or website features. For example, if
you choose to not have your browser accept cookies from Blackbaud’s website, you will need to re-enter your personal information each time that you attempt to access premium information.Certain pages on our websites contain “web beacons” (also known as Internet tags, pixel tags and clear GIFs). These web beacons allow third parties to obtain information such as the IP address of the computer that downloaded the page on which
the beacon appears, the URL of the page on which the beacon appears, the time the page containing the beacon was viewed, the type of browser used to view the page, and the information in cookies set by the third party.An IP address is a unique identifier that certain electronic devices use to identify and communicate with each other on the Internet. When you visit our website, we may view the IP address of the device you use to connect to the Internet. We use this
information to determine the general physical location of the device and understand from what regions of the world our website visitors come. We also may use this information to enhance our website.We do not currently take actions to respond to Do Not Track signals sent by your Internet browser because a uniform technological standard has not yet been developed. In the future, we may adopt a standard once appropriate new technologies are created
and will make any corresponding changes to this Policy.Contests, Sweepstakes and Other PromotionsOn our website, you may wish to participate in contests, sweepstakes and other promotions that we may offer from time to time. Through these promotions, you may choose to participate in activities such as sharing information found on our websites with
others and sending email invitations. If you choose to participate in these promotions, and are eligible to do so, we may ask you for information such as your name, email address, date of birth and telephone number.In connection with any contests, sweepstakes and other promotions that we may offer from time to time via the website, we use the information you provide to administer the contests, sweepstakes and other promotions. We also may use the information to
communicate with you, or the other people you select, about our products and services or our partners may use such information to communicate with you about the contests, sweepstakes or other promotions or their products and services. As mentioned
above, if you create a profile and submit an entry in connection with a contest or promotion, your name, profile and entry, but not your email address, phone number and age, will be visible to other website users. We will not use information you provide
about other people for any purpose except the purpose you direct without first getting their consent.Transfer of InformationBlackbaud is headquartered in the United States of America. Any personal information you provide may be stored and maintained in a secure database in the United States. If you are a resident of a country other than the United States and provide us with
your information, you consent to the transfer of your data into the United States. When we transfer your data outside the EU/UK, we ensure your data is processed only in countries that provide an adequate level of protection for your data or where
the recipient provides appropriate safeguards, such as model contract clauses, binding corporate rules or mechanisms like the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield framework. Blackbaud’s US parent company and Blackbaud’s US affiliates are certified under
the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield framework and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield framework, as described below.Keeping Your DataWe keep your personal data in an identifiable form for as long as we have a legitimate reason to use the data and as required by law. Please contact us as set forth in the Section “Your Rights” for more information
on how to ask us to delete your data.Changes to this PolicyBlackbaud may update this Policy at any time and from time to time and we will post any changes to this page. The most recent version of the Policy is reflected by the version date located at the bottom of this Policy.Last updated October 15, 2020Transfer of Personal Data to the United StatesThis is a United States-based website and is subject to United States law. When Blackbaud collects personal data of individuals located in the European Union, United Kingdom, or Switzerand, we may transfer such data to the United States.Blackbaud uses Standard Contractual Clauses (“SCCs”) or Model Clauses as a mechanism to provide appropriate safeguards for the protection of personal data for EU, UK, and Swiss data protection purposes.