https://www.aig.org.au/privacy-policy/
Australian Institute of Geoscientists >
Australian Institute of Geoscientists
Privacy Policy
Prepared 12 September, 2018 Approved by Council 3 October 2018
The Australian Institute of Geoscientists (AIG) ABN 22 002 266 659 recognises the importance of privacy protection and takes all practicable measures to ensure the privacy of any Personal Information provided to it for the conduct of AIG activities.
AIG treats personal information in
accordance with the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth)
(Privacy Act).  This Privacy Policy explains how we handle
Personal Information relating to individuals, to meet the requirements of the
Privacy Act.
1.  Definitions
In this Privacy Policy the expression “we“, “us” and “our”
are a reference to AIG.  The expressions “you” and “your” refer to each individual
whose Personal Information we may handle from time to time where we are
required to comply with the Privacy Act in respect of such Personal
Information.
Personal Information
means information or an opinion about an identified individual, or an
individual who is reasonably identifiable:
whether the information or opinion is true or not; andwhether the information or opinion is recorded in a material form or not.
Privacy Policy
means this document as amended from time to time.
Sensitive Information means information
or an opinion about an individual’s racial or ethnic origin, political opinions,
membership of a political association, religious beliefs or affiliations, philosophical
beliefs, membership of a professional or trade association, membership of a
trade union, sexual orientation or practices or criminal record that is also
personal information, health information, genetic information, biometric
information or biometric templates.
Spam Act means
the Spam Act 2003 (Cth).
2.  What Information Do We Collect?
We only collect Personal Information to the extent that it
is reasonably necessary for one or more of our functions or activities, which
are generally described in this Privacy Policy.
The personal information we collect from you includes:
your name and contact details, such as your address, telephone number(s), email address(es);country and state of residence;AIG membership status;information required to process your membership application or other orders;where provided to us, your academic qualifications or employment details; and where provided to us, information required to facilitate payment of membership subscriptions, donations, conference and seminar registrations and purchases of AIG publications.
All payments made using online facilities provided by AIG
are processed using a secure, external website provided by AIG’s bank.  AIG itself does not handle, collect, or store
any of the financial or credit card details of anyone making payments through
the website and takes no responsibility for the security of that information.
3.  How Do We Collect Your Personal Information?
Our preference is to collect your Personal Information
directly from you, unless it is unreasonable or impractical to do so.
Information will generally be collected from the following
sources:
the membership application you fill in to join AIG;any subsequent information you provide to keep your information current after joining AIG;contributions to AIG surveys;subscription to AIG online and email newsletters, including our “AIGeoscope” online newspaper; andany information you provide to us at AIG related events, locations and functions.
4.  Why Do We Need Your Personal Information?
AIG may use and disclose your Personal Information for the
primary purpose for which we collected it, such as:
to provide you with our products, services or business activities;to assess your eligibility for membership; to verify your identity and membership status; to maintain contact with you on matters relevant to your membership of AIG; to provide you with information regarding AIG activities and business, events, products or services we offer; andto facilitate online payment of membership dues, event registrations, publications and other products or services.
We may also use and disclose your Personal Information for other purposes permitted or required by law, including reasonably related (or directly related, for Sensitive Information) secondary purposes that are within your reasonable expectations.
If you do not provide us with the Personal Information, or you withdraw your consent for AIG to collect, use and disclose your personal information, we may be unable to provide our services to you.
5.  Communication From Us
We do not use Sensitive Information for marketing
purposes.
We may use and disclose your Personal Information (other than
Sensitive Information) to provide you with information on:
special offers, products and services offered by AIG; andupcoming events and functions by AIG,
where you have consented to us doing so.  All
electronic messages will identify AIG.
If at any time you no longer wish to receive direct marketing from us or do not want your information disclosed for direct marketing, you may unsubscribe using the link in each email message, using the newsletter subscription link on the AIG website home page, or by contacting us using the details below.
Please note that even if you have requested not to receive
further direct marketing communications, we may nevertheless continue to
provide you with information about changes to our terms and conditions for the
supply of our services or activities, and other factual information as
permitted under the Privacy Act and Spam Act.
6.  Will We Give Your Personal Information to Anyone Else?
We will not sell, trade or transfer any of the Personal Information
we collect to third parties, unless permitted or required to under the Privacy
Act.
We may disclose Personal Information to third parties in the
following circumstances:
where we need to provide your Personal Information for a specific legal purpose to our representatives, such as accountants, auditors or lawyers; orwhere that third party is a contractor engaged to provide goods or services to us.  We strive to limit the information we give contractors to what they need to perform their services for us or provide products or services to you.
Please note that AIG member’s names, membership grade, membership number and state of residence may be made publicly available through the AIG website for the sole purpose of confirming AIG membership.
7.  How Do We Protect Personal Information?
The security of your personal details on the AIG website will
depend on both your actions and ours.  When
you use the website, we require you to take specific measures to protect
against unauthorised access, such as:
establishing a password for your personal profile; ensuring access codes given to you are secure;trying to memorise your access codes; not telling anyone of your access codes; not keeping your computer and undisguised access codes together;immediately telling us if you suspect the security of your access code(s) have been breached; andimmediately changing your access codes if any breach is suspected.
8.  Where is Your Information Stored?
We (and our subcontractors) may hold electronic records of your Personal Information using cloud technology or other electronic means, or in paper form.  These means of holding Personal Information may include offshore storage.
It is not practicable for us to specify in advance the location of every service provider with whom we deal and their locations.  However, typically AIG’s website and membership database is stored in Australia.  Email contact information used for the distribution of newsletters and information collected by AIG surveys is stored in the United States of America.  Information collected for our “AIGeoscope” web newspaper is stored in Switzerland.
9.  Access, Correction and Further Information
We will provide you
with access to your Personal Information held by us unless we are permitted
under the Privacy Act to refuse to provide you with such access.  Please
contact us via the details below if
you:
wish to have access to the Personal Information which we hold about you;consider that the Personal Information which we hold about you is not accurate, complete or up to date; orhave a complaint or inquiry, or otherwise require further information on our Personal Information handling practices.
There is no charge
for requesting access to your Personal Information but we may require you to
meet our reasonable costs in actually providing you with access.
We will use reasonable efforts to deal promptly with complaints
and inquiries and, in any event, acknowledge your request within 30 days.
If you are not
satisfied with how we manage your complaint, you may contact the Office of the
Australian Information Commissioner at www.oaic.gov.au.
10.  Changes to This Privacy Policy
AIG reserves the right to change or update this Privacy Policy at any time, without prior notice. When we do, the revised Privacy Policy will be posted on the AIG website, www.aig.org.au. The effective date of the revised policy will be recorded in the updated Privacy Policy.
You may obtain a copy of our current Privacy Policy from our website or by contacting us via the details provided in paragraph 11 (below).
11. Further Information
If you would like more information about this Privacy Policy or any other privacy related issue please contact AIG’s Executive Officer, who can be contacted using the following details:
Ms Lynn VigarAIG Executive OfficerPO Box 576CROWS NEST NSW 1585Australia
T: +61 2 9431 8662E: exec@aig.org.au