https://www.valueselling.com/privacy-policy
Register For The November 18th Webinar Here
ValueSelling
Services
Sales Training
Virtual Sales Training
Sales Coaching
Who We Serve
Industries
Locations & Languages
About
Our Team
Join Our Team
Results
Our Clients
Case Studies
Industry Awards
2020 Stevie Awards
Resources
Blog
Podcast
Webinars
Newsroom
eStore
Let's talk
Search this site on Google
Privacy Policy
Updated: December 12, 2018
ValueSelling Associates, Inc. (hereinafter “ValueSelling Associates”) respects your privacy. ValueSelling Associates provides this Privacy Policy to inform you of how we collect, use and disclose information, and of the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time, and such changes will be posted to this page, which is accessible from the ValueSelling Associates home page and footer of every ValueSelling Associates web page.
If you do not agree with this Policy, please do not use the ValueSelling Associates website.
What this Privacy Policy covers
This Privacy Policy applies, without limitation, to the valueselling.com website, including all other pages under the same top-level domain name, and ValueSelling Associates applications, services, and products that are collective referred to as “Services.”
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that ValueSelling Associates does not own or control or to people or companies that ValueSelling Associates does not employ or manage.
This website may contain links to third-party websites for your convenience and information. Clicking on these links will take you to websites which are not covered under this Privacy Policy. The personal data you choose to provide to or that is collected by these third-parties is not covered by the ValueSelling Associates Privacy Policy. We do not endorse or make any representations about third-party websites. We suggest that you review the privacy policy statements of these websites before submitting your personal information.
Information collected
We collect information when you visit valueselling.com, subscribe to our blog, register for our webinars, or request information from us. During interactions with VSA, we may collect:
Basic contact information when you express an interest in obtaining additional information about our Services, such as your name, address, email address, phone number, state/region and country. If you have elected to receive marketing communications from us, we retain information about your marketing preferences for the period you are a customer and up to 5 years thereafter.
Billing information when you purchase products or services, including billing address, shipping address and your credit or debit card number. Once your purchase has been fulfilled, we do not store your credit or debit card details.
Website navigational information when you visit valueselling.com, including browser information (browser type, version and language), Internet Protocol (IP) address, and the actions you take on the website, such as pages viewed, and links clicked. We retain information derived from cookies and other tracking technologies for a reasonable period of time from the date such information was created.
Use of information collected
To fulfill your requests for information, products and services
To improve our website functionality
To personalize your experience
To provide customer service and support
To process purchases and deliver products you have ordered
To administer a survey, promotion or contest
To support recruitment inquiries
To contact an individual(s) that you referred
To send emails periodically regarding ValueSelling Associates services, products, promotions and events where this is a component of our relationship with you or where you have consented to us doing so. At any time, you have the ability to update your communication preferences and unsubscribe from receiving future emails.
Sharing and disclosure of information collected
ValueSelling Associates does not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with other people or nonaffiliated companies except to provide products or services you have requested, when you have consented, or under the following circumstances:
We will respond to duly authorized information requests of governmental authorities, including but not limited to subpoenas, court orders, legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims.
We believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of ValueSelling Associates’ terms of use, or as otherwise required by law.
ValueSelling Associates retains service providers and suppliers to deliver complete products, services and customer solutions and to assist ValueSelling Associates with marketing and communication initiatives. These providers and suppliers include, for example, credit card processors, third parties providing logistics/delivery/shipping services, event booking and conference management organizations, our teaching staff, providers of customer support and live-help, marketing, email service providers, and automated data processors for payment and/or employment purposes. Suppliers and service providers are required by contract to keep confidential the information received on behalf of ValueSelling Associates and may not use it for any purpose other than to carry out the services they are performing for ValueSelling Associates.
ValueSelling Associates may disclose, transfer, sell or assign to third parties information about you obtained through our website, or otherwise in our possession, as a result of sale, merger, consolidation, change in control, transfer of substantial assets, reorganization or liquidation of ValueSelling Associates or the ValueSelling Associates service. If any of the above listed events occur, ValueSelling Associates will notify you via email and/or prominent notice on our website for thirty (30) days or the time frame as defined and required by statute and/or regulation of any such change in ownership or control of your personal information. Information concerning deletion and/or removal of your personal information or any changes that you wish to make to your personal information will be made available at that time.
Processing Information
We will only process your personal information where we have a lawful basis for doing so. Lawful bases for processing include consent, contractual necessity (i.e. processing that is necessary for the performance of a contract with you, such as your user agreement with us that allows us to provide you with the Products) and our “legitimate interests,” such as to provide you with information, products and services that you or your affiliated organization has requested.
Communication Preferences
Regarding your personal information, at any time, you may:
Review, correct, update or delete the personal information you have provided to us via the website and/or services by contacting us at privacy@valueselling.com.
Opt-out of receiving email communications from us by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link included in the footer of every email. In such instance, you will still receive transactional information related to any Services that you use as a customer.
Turn off cookies in your browser. However, some cookies may be needed for the website to function properly.
We may send you certain communications relating to the ValueSelling Associates service, such as reports, service announcements or administrative messages, that are considered part of your ValueSelling Associates account. For help in managing such communications, please contact support@valueselling.com.
Transfer of Information
Our Products are hosted and operated in the United States (“U.S.”) through ValueSelling Associates and its service providers. If you are located outside the U.S. and choose to provide personal information to us, we may transfer the information to the U.S., to any ValueSelling Associates affiliate worldwide, or to third parties acting on our behalf for the purposes of processing or storage. By using any of our Products or providing any personal information for any of the purposes stated above, you consent to the transfer and storage of your personal information, whether provided by you or obtained through a third party, to the U.S. as set forth herein, including the hosting of such information on U.S. servers.
Tracking Technologies
ValueSelling Associates and its partners use cookies or similar technologies to analyze trends, administer the website, track users’ movements around the website, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. You can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level, but if you choose to disable cookies, it may limit your use of certain features or functions on our website or service. For more information, see our Cookie Policy.
Safety of Minors
We do not knowingly solicit orders or collect personal information from minors, who are children under the age of 13.  If you have reason to believe that any personal information has been submitted to us by a child under thirteen, contact us at support@valueselling.com and upon verification of each claim, we will delete that personal information from our servers.
Security
We implement industry standard security measures to keep your personal information secure from unauthorized access or disclosure, whether stored physically or electronically. We work to protect the security of your personal information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software. Our payment gateway providers database is accessible only to those authorized with special access rights to these systems and are required to keep the information confidential. After financial transactions, we do not store credit and debit card information.
We have established administrative, technical, physical, electronic and managerial procedures to help prevent unauthorized access, and use the personal information collected from you in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Your Rights
If you believe your personal information is not being processed in accordance with the requirements set out herein or applicable EEA data protection laws, you have the right to complain to a Supervisory Authority.
Upon request, ValueSelling Associates will provide you with information about whether we hold, or process on behalf of a third party, any of your personal information. To request this information please contact us at privacy@valueselling.com. We will respond to these requests within a reasonable timeframe.
Updates to this Privacy Policy
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will identify the changes we have made on this page. In circumstances where a change will materially change the way in which we collect or use your personal information, we will send you a notice to the primary email addressed specified in your ValueSelling Associates account or by placing a prominent notice on our website.
Contact Us
California Privacy Rights: Under California Civil Code sections 1798.83-1798.84, California residents are entitled to ask us for a notice identifying the categories of personal customer information which we share with our affiliates and/or third parties for marketing purposes and providing contact information for such affiliates and/or third parties. If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this notice, please submit a written request the address below.
If you have any privacy-related questions or comments related to this privacy policy, please contact privacy@valueselling.com. If you are a customer and would like assistance managing your communication preferences, please email support@valueselling.com.
You can also contact us at:
ValueSelling Associates, Inc.
Attention: Privacy Officer
16236 San Dieguito Rd., #2-24 P.O. Box 8364 Rancho Santa Fe, CA 92067 + 1 800 559 6419 toll free +1 858 759 3565 local
Products
ValueSelling Framework
Vortex Prospecting
Executive Speak
Grow your skills. Sign up for complimentary monthly webinars and ValueSelling tips.
© 2020 ValueSelling Associates, Inc. All rights reserved.Privacy Policy