http://www.tccu.com/disclosures/web-privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Important branch service changes effective Nov. 18th. Read More.
Instant Cheer!
Use your Visa® card for a
chance to win a $500 grand prize.
Learn More
Online Banking
Login ID
Password
Log in
Forgot Login ID?
Forgot password
Get help
Enroll
TwinStar Credit Union
Member Services
1.800.258.3115
Mon - Fri:
8:00 am-7:00 pm
Sat:
9:30 am-2:00 pm
Currently closed
For 24 Hour support, visit our help section.
COVID-19 Information
Paycheck Protection Program Loan Forgiveness Guide
TwinStar Credit Union has been proud to continue to support our business members and local businesses within our communities through these difficult times and would like to thank those that chose TwinStar to process and service their Paycheck Protection Program (PPP) loan.
»
Read More
Modified branch services and updates
Effective Wednesday, November 18, 2020 we are making some service changes at our Aberdeen, Centralia, and Tumwater Branches. Read more to see all service updates.
»
Read More
Financial assistance options available for members affected by COVID-19
As news of the COVID-19 pandemic continues to evolve, we at TwinStar realize that the virus is touching us all in a very real way. Our hearts are with everyone directly affected by this situation. We are here for you if you are facing financial distress due to the virus.
»
Read More
Zoom with Santa!
100% of donations will go to programs that feed hungry kids in areas that TwinStar Credit Union serves.
Learn more
Current rates
Kasasa Cash
Qualified APY*
1.25%
New or used autos
APR† as low as
2.74%
Visa Platinum
Purchase APR†
10.00%
36 month Certificate
APY* ($500 Min.)
0.45%
* APY = Annual Percentage Yield.   †APR = Annual Percentage Rate.   Click product links for more information.
Become a Member
Apply for a loan
Find a branch or ATM
Apply for a Home Loan
Latest News, Blog & Events
Q+A: Should I Sign Up For Budget Billing?
Q: My steep utility bills in the winter and summer months always throw my budget for a loop.
»
Read More
9 Steps To Buying Your First Car
Congrats—you’re ready to purchase your first real car!
The process can be daunting, but TwinStar Credit Union will walk you through it. Follow our guidelines for a stress-free ride!
1.
»
Read More
Giving With Gratitude
As humans, we all start out in life as consummate takers, but giving is often so much more impactful.
We've put together some tips to help you talk to your children about giving and doing for others.
Pointers to cover:
How giving makes the world go round.
How giving helps to make us into better
»
Read More
5 Holiday Meal Hacks For Your Budget
There are as many holiday traditions as there are families. Some people will wander through the neighborhood singing songs of good cheer. Others will recline in sleepy warmth, watch TV and fall asleep in good company.
»
Read More