http://www.exp-china.com/terms-and-conditions
Terms & Conditions
This site is owned and operated by HC CHINA LIMITED (abbr: HC CHINA). All rights in this website are owned by HC CHINA. Any unauthorised use, copying or modification is prohibited.
HC CHINA reserves the right to change the terms, conditions and notices under which HC CHINA products and services are offered. You are responsible for regularly reviewing these terms and conditions and for additional terms posted on the our website.
Unless otherwise specified, HC CHINA site/services are for personal and commercial use. As a condition of your use of the HC CHINA site/services, you will not use the site/services for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these terms, conditions and notices.
You may not use the site in any manner which could damage, disable overburden or impair any HC CHINA site/service or interfere with any other parties use and/or enjoyment of those sites/services.
You may not attempt to gain unauthorised access to HC CHINA sites/services, other accounts, computer systems and networks connected to any HC CHINA site/service, through hacking, password mining or any other means.
The HC CHINA sites/services may contain e-mail services, bulletin board services, chat areas, news groups, communities, forums, personal web pages, calendars, photo albums, file cabinets and/or other message or communication facilities designed to enable you to communicate with others. HC CHINA is not obligated to monitor such services, save as directed to do so by law. When you are using such services you agree not to:
use these services in connection with surveys, contests, chain etters, pyramid schemes, junk e-mail, or any duplicative or unsolicited messages (commercial or otherwise)
defame, abuse, stalk, harass, or otherwise violate the legal rights of others.
publish, post upload, distribute or in any other way disseminate any inappropriate, profane, obscene indecent or unlawful material, topic, name or information.
upload files containing viruses, worms, trojan horses, time bombs, corrupted files, or similar programs which may damage the operation of another person's computer.
upload software for which you do not hold intellectual property rights.
advertise or offer for sale any goods or services, unless specifically allowed to do so.
restrict, inhibit or interfere with the contribution of other persons
violate any code of conduct or any other usage guidelines
violate any applicable laws or regulations.
You agree that the participation in the sites/services provided by HC CHINA is entirely at your own risk. In accordance with the HC CHINA privacy policy, HC CHINA respects your privacy. We will never disclose such information as your address, contact telephone, or any other private information to third party without your permission, except for legal requirements from authorities.
HC CHINA prohibit minors from making purchases on the HC CHINA site, or any of its affiliate sites. Each time you purchase from the site or any of its affiliate sites, you are representing to HC CHINA that you are at least 18 years of age.
No contract will subsist between you and HC CHINA or any partner store of HC CHINA for a sale to you of any product or service unless and until HC CHINA Limited or the HC CHINA partner store accepts your order by e-mail confirming that it has dispatched your order. That acceptance will be deemed complete and will be deemed for all purposes to have been effectively communicated to you at the time HC CHINA sends the e-mail to you (whether or not you receive that e-mail).
These terms and conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the People's Republic of China, and the parties hereby submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the China courts to settle any disputes which may arise in connection with these terms and conditions.
These terms and conditions are intended to be serviceable. If for any reason, any term or condition is held unenforceable or invalid, the remaining shall be enforceable in full.
Measuring Disclaimer Each of our curtain tracks and roller blinds are standard and can be customized to your specifications and we guarantee they will fit your window perfectly if you follow our measuring instructions. If we make a mistake when manufacturing your curtain tracks and roller blinds we will replace them or fix them at no cost to you. If, however, you make a mistake measuring or entering your measurements into our website we will remake them for you at a discounted price. For this reason we strongly suggest that you follow these instructions carefully and that you double check the measurements you enter.
If you are not confident that you can measure correctly, we recommend that you hire a professional to do it for you.
Color Disclaimer Please be sure to order samples before placing your bulk order. Monitor colors vary dramatically by manufacturer and lighting environment you're in. For this reason, we cannot honor our satisfactorily guarantee on colors for those who did not previously order color samples.
General Terms & Conditions
You should assume that everything you see or read on the site is copyrighted unless otherwise noted and may not be used except as provided in these terms and conditions or in the text on the site without the written permission of HC CHINA.
HC CHINA assumes no liability, and shall not be liable for, any damages to, or viruses that may infect, your computer equipment or other property on account of your access to, use of, or browsing in the site or your downloading of any materials, data, text, images, video, or audio from the site.
Any communication you transmit to the site by e-mail or other methods, including any data, questions, comments, suggestions or the like is, and will be treated as, nonproprietary, unless otherwise specifically indicated. Anything you transmit becomes the property of HC CHINA and may be used for any purpose including, but not limited to, reproduction, disclosure, transmission , posting or general public information.
Subject to our Privacy Statement, all information submitted via this site shall be deemed and remain the property of HC CHINA and its affiliates, we and our affiliates shall be free to use, for any purpose, any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in information a visitor to this site provides through this site. HC CHINA and its affiliates shall not be subject to any obligations of confidentiality regarding submitted information except as agreed by the entity having the direct customer relationship or as otherwise specifically agreed or required by law.
Although HC CHINA, from time to time, monitor or review postings, transmissions, and the like on the site, HC CHINA is under no obligation to do so and assumes no liability arising from the content of any such locations nor for any error, defamation, libel, slander, omission, falsehood, obscenity, pornography, profanity, danger, or inaccuracy contained in any information within such locations on the site. You are prohibited from posting or transmitting any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, scandalous, inflammatory, pornographic, or profane material or any material that could constitute or encourage conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any law. HC CHINA will fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing HC CHINA to disclose the identity of anyone posting any such information or materials.
Next
You are here:
Home
Terms & Conditions
Main Menu
HOMEAbout UsProduct CatalogsOrder OnlineFAQ - Electric CurtainsUseful ArticlesQuality and WarrantyUser Guides and DemoTerms & ConditionsShipping PolicyReturn PolicyContact Us
Lastest News
FAQ: Remote is not working
Electric Curtains Demonstration
FAQ - Electric Curtain Track and Roller Blind
Timer for Electric Curtain Tracks (HT100-Timer)
Timer for Electric Roller Blinds (HT200-Timer)
Tags
Electric Curtain Tracks