http://www.hospitalityonline.com/terms
Toggle navigation
Login or Join
About Us
Post a job
Employer Login
Jobs by category
Administrative
Catering/Banquet
Chefs/Kitchen
Development/Construction
Engineering/Maintenance
Executive/Corporate
Finance/Accounting
Food & Beverage
Food Service
Gaming/Casino
General Manager
Guest Services
Health Care
Housekeeping
Human Resources
Internships
Meetings/Events
Operations
Recreation/Entertainment
Revenue Management
Rooms Division
Sales & Marketing
Security
Spa
Technology/IT
Transportation
Corporate
Jobs by state
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
Popular jobs
Recently posted jobs
Jobs by Hotel Brand
Los Angeles Hotel Jobs
NYC Hotel Jobs
Dallas/Fort Worth Hotel Jobs
Houston Hotel Jobs
Chicago Hotel Jobs
Miami Hotel Jobs
Front Desk Job Openings
Housekeeping Job Openings
Timeshare Sales Jobs
Terms of Use
Last updated July 29, 2019
The terms, conditions, and notices below will govern your use of Hospitality Online and www.hospitalityonline.com. Please read them carefully.
Hospitality Online is a career site. To have access to various tools we provide, we ask you for detailed information about your career and pertinent personal information. You determine what information you want to include and which of our services you want to use. If you don’t want to provide certain information, skip those sections.
Hospitality Online also enables you to track the status of your career search and enables potential employers to respond directly to you.
Hospitality Online takes absolutely no responsibility for the activities of job applicants or employers profiling or advertising on Hospitality Online.
Hospitality Online also takes no responsibility for any employers hiring, recruiting, or other practices or, for that matter, any of the information that employers or others post or download to Hospitality Online. Nothing on Hospitality Online shall be considered an endorsement, representation, or warranty with respect to any employer, applicant, or other third party.
Please read over the following points:
Once you apply to a job, that employer has a copy of the information you submitted. They may keep that information to contact you now, or months from now. Information, software, products, and services published on Hospitality Online may include inaccuracies, typographical errors, or out-of-date information. Applicants are responsible for the accuracy and authenticity of the information they include on Hospitality Online, and the documents they create that rely on that information. Likewise, applicants are responsible for updating, editing, and maintaining their information. Employers are responsible for entering information about their companies and/or properties, and about their jobs. Employers are also responsible for updating, editing, and maintaining this information. Third parties are responsible for the accuracy and authenticity of their information and maintaining current information about their services, products, or information. Additionally, Hospitality Online makes frequent changes and/or additions to improve our services. Hospitality Online retains the right to make changes, modifications, and/or deletions to any material in any portion of the site. Hospitality Online is not responsible if a third party evades security measures to gain access to your resume or career information. Once you have responded to an ad, employers can request additional information. You determine whether you want to submit the requested information. Hospitality Online does not knowingly allow discriminatory information to be collected or distributed. If we are made aware of such information it will be deleted.
When using Hospitality Online you agree:
Not to post any false, inaccurate, or incomplete career information, or information that is not true. (That you are in fact, the living individual represented by the career information who is seeking employment on a full or part-time basis on his or her own behalf).
That you will only respond to employment opportunities for the purpose of applying for a job advertised on Hospitality Online that you feel fully qualified for.
That you assume the responsibility to not submit your career information to a job posted by your own employer, and that you agree to hold Hospitality Online harmless in the event that you do submit your information to your employer.
That if you have submitted your career information in response to a “Confidential Ad,” you understand and agree to accept the risk that you could be submitting to your employer unknowingly, and that you agree to hold Hospitality Online harmless in the event you do submit your information to your employer.
That you accept the risk, and agree to hold Hospitality Online harmless for any actions a prospective employer may take that adversely affects your career as a result of submitting your career information to them or any subsequent communications with prospective employers, including, but not limited to phone calls, emails, direct mail, or overnight deliveries, or requests for information.
As a User of Hospitality Online, you agree:
Not to transmit any data, graphics or images, information, message, software, text, or other materials that is abusive, defamatory, harmful, harassing, hateful, libelous, obscene, threatening, tortuous, vulgar, unlawful, or racially, ethnically, or otherwise objectionable that may invade another’s right of privacy or publicity;
Not to misrepresent or falsely state your affiliation with a person or entity; Not to impersonate any person or entity;
Not to transmit any Content, or to post any Content that contains a virus or corrupted data;
That you have the right to display, reproduce, or transmit any and all content you post on or send via Hospitality Online and that you can demonstrate your right and authority, whether that authority is contractual or fiduciary in nature;
That you will not violate any applicable local, state, national, or international law;
That you will not use Hospitality Online in a way that adversely affects the availability of its resources to other users. That you will not delete or revise material posted by another person or entity.
The information you submit to Hospitality Online remains private. We compile statistics in many various ways, but we do not share statistics on individual job seekers. Likewise, we aggregate information from employers when we publish statistics. Hospitality Online compiles statistics such as the number of users visiting the site by time period, position, etc. Just as we compile statistics on the number of jobs advertised by position, area of the country, etc. Hospitality Online is used throughout these Terms of Use for ease of reading. The term in every instance is meant to include Hospitality Online, Inc. and www.hospitalityonline.com. Details on the above follow:
After you have registered, your Hospitality Online Members section is your private area to store information about your career, including your resume and job applications, etc. It also tracks who you have submitted your resume or application to, and the status. Enter only the information you are comfortable with. Employers can request additional information from you. You alone make the decision whether you want to provide the information requested. You can store your career information on Hospitality Online indefinitely.
Remember, employers who you submitted career information to may have retained a copy of your career information in their own files or databases. We are not responsible for the retention, use, or privacy of your career information in these instances.
Privacy Changes
If Hospitality Online decides to change our Privacy Policy or Terms of Use, we will post those changes here, so that you will always know what information we gather, how we might use that information, and whether we will disclose it to anyone. If you have questions or concerns about our privacy commitment, please feel free to email us at support@hospitalityonline.com.
Security Rules
Users are prohibited from violating or attempting to violate the security of Hospitality Online. Violations can include, but are not limited to the following:
Attempts to probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of a system or network or to breach security or authentication measures without proper authorization
Attempts to interfere with service to any user, host, or network
Forging any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header information in any email or posting.
Violations of system or network security may result in civil or criminal liability. Hospitality Online will investigate occurrences which may involve such violations and may involve, and cooperate with, law enforcement authorities in prosecuting users who are involved in such violations. Accessing data not intended for such user, or logging into a server or account which such user is not authorized to access.
Monitoring, etc.
Hospitality Online has no obligation to monitor any information residing on or transmitted via Hospitality Online. You agree that Hospitality Online may monitor contents to: Comply with any applicable laws, regulations, or other government requests; Operate Hospitality Online properly, or protect users, clients, and itself; and for other purposes as it may deem reasonably necessary or appropriate from time to time.
Hospitality Online reserves the right to modify, reject, or eliminate any information residing on or transmitted to Hospitality Online that is believed to be, in its sole discretion, unacceptable or in violation of these terms and conditions.
Information provided by other parties
Information on Hospitality Online may contain hyperlinks or other connections to web sites operated by individuals or businesses other than Hospitality Online. This includes, but is not limited to, Employer Profiles, Employment Advertising, or other advertising. Hospitality Online does not control these web sites. Nor is Hospitality Online responsible for their availability, content, or any viruses accessed through them. Hyperlinks or other connections to other web sites is for the sole purpose of providing additional information to Employers and Applicants. Their inclusion does not imply any endorsement of their material. Nor does Hospitality Online have any association with the owners or operators of those web sites.
Trademarks, Copyrights, etc.
Hospitality Online, Inc. (“hospitalityonline.com”) owns all intellectual property rights (including copyrights) contained in the software, formatting, and design of the site, including colors, graphics, layout, etc. Material Hospitality Online publishes on Hospitality Online may contain other proprietary notices or describe products, services, processes, or technologies owned by Hospitality Online or third parties. Nothing on this Internet site shall be construed as granting you a license under any copyright, trademark, patent, or other intellectual property right of Hospitality Online or any third party, except as expressly set forth herein.
Deleting or altering of any copyright or other proprietary notices from Hospitality Online is strictly forbidden. Names or logos are trademarks of Hospitality Online, and all related product and service names, design marks, and slogans are the trademarks or service marks of Hospitality Online. Any and all other product and service marks contained herein are the trademarks of their respective owners. The “look” and “feel” of the Hospitality Online site (including color combinations, button shapes, layout, design and all other graphical elements) are also Hospitality Online trademarks or copyrights. Hospitality Online reserves all rights to the editorial content and graphics on this site, as well as all computer programs used to generate pages, and the web site is protected by U.S. copyright laws and international treaties and may not be copied without the express written consent of Hospitality Online. Prior written permission is required before any re-use of Hospitality Online editorial content and graphics for any purpose.
Your Use of Hospitality Online
Hospitality Online is for your personal use. You may not use Hospitality Online or any of its services for commercial purposes. Except as otherwise expressly provided, you may not modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, use, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer, or sell any information or content contained in the Hospitality Online website. This applies to the software, products, or services, or to any portions of the software, products, or services obtained from, or available as part of or in conjunction with, this website. You are granted a non-exclusive, non-assignable, and non-transferable license to use the system only under these terms and conditions of use. This license is not a sale of any of the owner’s rights. The Hospitality Online web site and all parts thereof, may be used only by you, and you may not rent, lease, lend, sub-license, or transfer any data residing on or contained in Hospitality Online, or any of your rights under this agreement, to anyone else. You may not develop or derive for commercial sale any data in machine-readable or other form that incorporates or uses any substantial part of the information, material, graphics, etc., contained in and on the Hospitality Online Web site. You may not transfer to or store any data residing or exchanged over Hospitality Online in any electronic network for use by more than one user unless you obtain prior written consent from Hospitality Online, Inc.
Your Responsibilities
Hospitality Online may be used only for lawful purposes by individuals seeking employment and employers seeking employees, or third parties approved to list and provide career related services on Hospitality Online. As one of the conditions of your use, you represent, warrant, and agree that you will not use (or plan, encourage, or help others to use) Hospitality Online for any purpose or in any manner that is prohibited by these terms, conditions, and notices or by applicable law (including but not limited to any applicable export controls). It is your responsibility to ensure that your use of Hospitality Online complies with these terms, conditions, and notices and to seek prior written consent from Hospitality Online for any uses not permitted or not expressly specified herein.