https://www.chicopeeindustrial.com/privacy/
Quality Assurance
Request a Quote
Insurance
Press enter to begin your search
Privacy Notice
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for chicopeeindustrial.com.
This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this web site. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access To and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contact from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any
Change/correct any data we have about you
Have us delete any data we have about you
Express any concern you have about our use of your data
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline. Please do not send any credit card information through the website. Please call the office and speak to the billing department to set up an account.
Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 413-538-7279 or via email at cic@chicopeeindustrial.com.
Location 107 North Chicopee St.
Chicopee, MA 01020
Call for a free estimate T: (413) 538-7279
F: (413) 532-1553
More infoPresident’s Message
Request a Quote Online
Directions for Trucks over 12’6
Privacy Notice
© 2020 Chicopee Industrial Contractors.
All Rights Reserved
Request a Quote
President’s Message
Quality Assurance
Insurance Coverage
Directions for Trucks over 12’6
Contact
About
Capabilities
Our Team
Equipment