https://www.jrmarble.co.uk/privacy-policy
t: 020-8539-6471
e: sales@jrmarble.co.uk
SPECIALIST SUPPLIERS, FIXERS AND RESTORERS OF MARBLE, GRANITE, SLATE, LIMESTONE AND QUARTZ
Home
Factory
Our Work
Materials
Marble Worktops
Granite Worktops
Slate
Quartz Worktops
Limestone
Mosaic
Sinks
Marble Fireplaces
Maintenance
Maintenance
Cleaning
Edge Details
Help & Tips
Contact
Home
Factory
Our Work
Materials
Marble Worktops
Granite Worktops
Slate
Quartz Worktops
Limestone
Mosaic
Sinks
Marble Fireplaces
Maintenance
Maintenance
Cleaning
Edge Details
Help & Tips
Contact
-- Navigate to --
Home
Factory
Our Work
Materials
-- Marble Worktops
-- Granite Worktops
-- Slate
-- Quartz Worktops
-- Limestone
-- Mosaic
-- Sinks
-- Marble Fireplaces
Maintenance
-- Maintenance
-- Cleaning
Edge Details
Help & Tips
Contact
Home /
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
J & R Marble Ltd (“we”, “us” or “our”) respects your privacy
and we are committed to protecting your personal data. This privacy notice will
inform you as to how we look after your personal data when you visit our
website (regardless of where you visit it from) and tell you about your privacy
rights and how the law protects you.
Who we are and important information
Purpose of this privacy notice
This privacy notice aims to give you information on how we collect
and processes your personal data through your use of this website, including
any data you may provide through this website when you send us an email on the
‘Contact’ page.
It is important that you read this privacy notice together with
any other privacy notice or fair processing notice we may provide on specific
occasions when we are collecting or processing personal data about you so that
you are fully aware of how and why we are using your data. This privacy notice
supplements the other notices and is not intended to override them.
Controller – who we are
The data controller of our site is J & R Marble Ltd of Unit 9
Period Works, 1 Lammas Road, Leyton London E10 7QT. We have appointed a data
privacy manager who is responsible for overseeing questions in relation to this
privacy notice. If you have any questions about this privacy notice, including
any requests to exercise your legal rights, please contact the data privacy
manager at contact us.
You have the right to make a complaint at any time to the
Information Commissioner's Office (ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data
protection issues (www.ico.org.uk). We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your
concerns before you approach the ICO so please contact us in the first
instance.
Changes to the privacy notice and your duty to inform us of
changes
This version was last updated on 21st May 2018. It is important
that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep
us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us.
Third-party links
This website may include links to third-party websites. Clicking
on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect
or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are
not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our website, we
encourage you to read the privacy notice of every website you visit.
The data we collect about you
Personal data, or personal information, means any information
about an individual from which that person can be identified.
We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of
personal data about you which we have grouped together follows:
•Identity Data includes first name last name.
•Contact Data includes email address, Address and telephone
numbers.
•Technical Data includes internet protocol (IP) address browser
type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and
versions, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you
use to access this website.
•Professional Data includes any information we may collect in the
course of providing our services to you.
We do not collect any Special Categories of Personal Data about
you (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or
philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade
union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric
data). Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and
offences.
If you fail to provide personal data
Where we need to collect personal data by law, or under the terms
of a contract we have with you and you fail to provide that data when
requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to
enter into with you (for example, to provide you with an answer to an enquiry).
In this case, we may have to cancel a service you have with us but we will
notify you if this is the case at the time.
How is your personal data collected?
You may give us your Identity, Contact and Professional Data by
filling in forms or by corresponding with us by phone or otherwise. This
includes personal data you provide when you submit an enquiry.
How we use your personal data
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to.
Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:
•Where we need to perform the contract we are about to enter into
or have entered into with you.
•Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a
third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those
interests.
•Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.
Change of purpose
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we
collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another
reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If you wish to
get an explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible
with the original purpose, please contact us.
Disclosures of your personal data
We may have to share your personal data with HM Revenue &
Customs and Companies House.
We will only share personal data with any other third parties if
instructed by you to do so.
Data security
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your
personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised
way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data
to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a
business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our
instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality. We have put in
place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will
notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally
required to do so. If you think that any part of our process is not secure
please contact us.
Data retention - how long will you use my personal data for?
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to
fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of
satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
Your legal rights
Under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection
laws in relation to your personal data. Please click on the links below to find
out more about these rights:
•Request access to your personal data.
•Request correction of your personal data.
•Request erasure of your personal data.
•Object to processing of your personal data.
•Request restriction of processing your personal data.
•Request transfer of your personal data.
•Right to withdraw consent.
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please
contact us.
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to
exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if
your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we
may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
What we may need from you
We may need to request specific information from you to help us
confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to
exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that
personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We
may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your
request to speed up our response.
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month.
Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly
complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you
and keep you updated.
Use of Cookies
The J &  R Marble Web site use
"cookies" to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is
a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies
cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are
uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain
that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to
save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have
returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize J &  R Marble pages, or register with J &  R Marble site or services, a cookie helps J
&  R Marble to recall your specific
information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your
personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on.
When you return to the same J &  R
Marble Web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so
you can easily use the Marble Work Tops features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers
automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting
to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not
be able to fully experience the interactive features of the J &  R Marble services or Web sites you visit.
To delete your
cookies that are currently stored on your computer you need to use the options
in the settings of your browser.
You can control the
acceptance of cookies through the settings of your browser as you can block
first party, third party cookies or block them at all with most browsers.
Your legal rights
You have the right to:
Request access to your personal data (commonly known as a
"data subject access request"). This enables you to receive a copy of
the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully
processing it.
Request correction of the personal data that we hold about you.
This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you
corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you
provide to us.
Request erasure of your personal data. This enables you to ask us
to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us
continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove
your personal data where you have successfully exercised your right to object
to processing (see below), where we may have processed your information
unlawfully or where we are required to erase your personal data to comply with
local law. Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your
request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if
applicable, at the time of your request.
Object to processing of your personal data where we are relying on
a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about
your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this
ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. You also
have the right to object where we are processing your personal data for direct
marketing purposes. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling
legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and
freedoms.
Request restriction of processing of your personal data. This
enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in the
following scenarios: (a) if you want us to establish the data's accuracy; (b)
where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it; (c)
where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need
it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or (d) you have objected to
our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding
legitimate grounds to use it.
Request the transfer of your personal data to you or to a third
party. We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal
data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that this right
only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for
us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you.
Withdraw consent at any time where we are relying on consent to
process your personal data. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any
processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your
consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. We
will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.
Unit 9, Period Works, 1 Lammas Road, Leyton, London E10 7QT
t: 020-8539-6471 f: 020-8539-9264
e: sales@jrmarble.co.uk
Terms of Service /
Privacy Policy /
Site Map /
Unit 9, Period Works, 1 Lammas Road, Leyton, London E10 7QT
t: 020-8539-6471 f: 020-8539-9264
e: sales@jrmarble.co.uk
Find us on:
Copyright © 2020 J&R Marble Ltd.
Web Development & Support
by GoLive UK Ltd.