https://www.training-hipaa.net/online-training-terms-of-use/
Online Training Terms of Use
SUPREMUS GROUP LLC ONLINE ELEARNING COURSE TERMS OF USE
These terms and conditions govern the way in which we supply products to you, including any eLearning courses.
Please read these terms carefully before you submit your order to us. These terms tell you who we are, how we will provide products to you, how you and we may change or end the contract, what to do if there are a problem and other important information. All rights not expressly granted in these terms are hereby reserved.
You agree to review this agreement periodically to ensure that you are aware of any amendments to this agreement, which may be made at any time.
INFORMATION ABOUT US AND HOW TO CONTACT US
We are Supremus Group LLC USA based company located in Iowa with tax ID number 55-0912916.
You can contact us at 515-865-4591 or by writing to us at:
Supremus Group LLC
855 SE Bell Ct, Suite 300
Waukee, IA 50263
GRANT OF LICENCE
In consideration of your payment, we hereby grant you a license to use the purchased eLearning courses (“the Products”). This license is limited, revocable, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable and non-transferable, and is subject to the rights and obligations granted under these Terms.
This license is personal to you and cannot be shared or exchanged with others under any circumstances.
GENERAL
We develop, distribute and maintain the Products and will also provide you with log in details. We will also manage your access to the Products and provide support to you, where necessary.
You shall not copy, modify, transmit, distribute or in any way exploit the Products or any other copyrighted materials provided other than for your individual training. Any other purpose is expressly prohibited under these terms. You shall also not permit anyone else to copy, use, modify, transmit, distribute or in any way exploit the Products or any other copyrighted materials.
We provide the materials ‘as is’ and without any warranties, whether express or implied, except those that cannot be excluded under the statute. We also do not warrant that the materials will be error-free, including technical inaccuracies.
ACCESS TO MATERIALS
The starting date of your access to the Products is deemed to be the date that you first have access. We will attempt to contact you where your access period has ended. Where this is the case, we cannot guarantee that certification or completion (as appropriate) will be possible. As such, it is your responsibility to ensure that you complete the content within the allocated time period. If you do not think this will be possible, then extensions of time are available for purchase at an additional cost.
We will take all commercially reasonable steps to provide you with uninterrupted access to the Products. However, your access may be restricted from time to time for reasons beyond our control. Such reasons include force majeure events, power outages, and actions from computer hackers and others acting outside the law. Your access may also be interrupted due to software issues, server downtime, increased Internet traffic, programming errors, regular maintenance, and other related reasons. Where this is the case, we will take commercially reasonable steps to restore your full access within a reasonable period of time. ‘Commercially reasonable’ in these terms shall mean reasonable efforts taken in good faith, without an unduly burdensome use or expenditure of time, resources, personnel or money.
Our joint aim is to provide courses and materials of the highest quality. As such, improvements or changes to the Products or any other materials may occur at any time without prior notification in order to ensure that they are up to date and accurate.
Where your access to the Products is restricted for any of the above reasons, we may provide you with a free extension of time at our sole discretion.
PRICING AND PAYMENT
Payment for the Products must be made at the point of purchase.
You agree to provide payment for the Products in the stipulated currency and you will be liable to pay any relevant conversion charges, as well as applicable sales tax in your region. Please note that we must receive your payment in full before providing you with access to the Products.
After receiving access to eLearning products if payment through credit card/ PayPal is canceled, access to the course will be terminated and company & individual taking the training are liable for the payment for the product purchased and used.
Your payment includes the licensing of the Products for a limited period of time that is appropriate for the eLearning content. We are unable to provide a refund if you fail to complete the content within the allocated time, except at our absolute and sole discretion.
We reserve our right to review and change the pricing of any of our products. This will not affect products that have already been purchased.
CANCELLATION AND RESTRICTION POLICY
If the product is purchased on our shopping cart, you will not have the right to change your mind or cancel the product after the order is placed.
It is your responsibility to ensure that you meet the system requirements, including compatible hardware, software, telecommunications equipment and Internet service, prior to purchasing any content. We are unable to provide refunds where your access to the Products is inhibited due to insufficient system requirements.
We may restrict your access to the Products if you breach these terms, including without limitation:
a) A failure to make any payment due to us; or
b) Failure to provide accurate information that is necessary for us to provide the Products to you.
In these circumstances, we will inform you in writing with seven (7) days’ notice that your access to the Products will be restricted.
EXAM FEES VOUCHERS
Any certification exam fees paid are non-refundable once the exam is assigned to an individual.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
All rights, title and interest in intellectual property rights relating to the Products including copyright, patents, trademarks, trade secrets, improvements, developments, proprietary information, know-how, processes, methods, business plans or models (including computer software and preparatory and design materials thereof) and all other intellectual property (whether registered or not) developed or created from time to time shall exclusively be owned by Supremus Group LLC. While you may utilize the intellectual property, you understand that there shall be no transfer of ownership of the same.
Nothing that you see or read in the Products may be copied, reproduced, modified, distributed, transmitted, republished, displayed or performed for commercial use.
All other trademarks, service marks and trade names in this material are the marks of the respective owners and any unauthorized use is prohibited.
OUR RESPONSIBILITY FOR LOSS OR DAMAGE SUFFERED BY YOU
We are not liable to you in any way for any indirect, special, incidental, punitive or consequential damages of any character, including without limitation damages for loss of goodwill, work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, loss of data, loss of productivity or contract or any and all other commercial damages or losses.
If the Products damage your device or digital content belonging to you and this is caused by our failure to use reasonable care and skill, we will either repair the damage or pay you compensation. However, we will not be liable for damage which you could have avoided by following our advice, following installation/download instructions, or having in place the minimum system requirements as advised by us.
Our liability to you for any damage to your computer system or loss of data resulting from the downloading of content is limited to the amount you have paid for the Products. In no event shall we be liable for damages in excess of this sum.
OTHER IMPORTANT TERMS
You need our consent to transfer your rights under these terms to someone else. We may not agree to this as these terms grant a license for your benefit only.
Nobody else has any rights under these terms – they are between you and us. No other person shall have any rights to enforce any of its terms.
If a court finds part of these terms illegal, then rest will continue in force.
Even if we delay in enforcing this contract, we can still enforce it later. If we do not insist immediately that you do anything you are required to do under these terms, or if we delay in taking steps against you in respect of your breaking this contract, that will not mean that you do not have to do those things and it will not prevent us from taking steps against you at a later date.
GOVERNING LAW
These terms are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Iowa, United States of America and you can bring legal proceedings in the Iowa courts.