http://www.checkoutuk.co.uk/privacy/
Checkout UK, Mystery Shopping Services
Privacy
Our privacy policy
Email Addresses
We collect names and e-mail addresses at the point of subscription, to personalise information of users who wish to receive e-mail notification of publications and press releases of Checkout UK Ltd. We will not, however, share any e-mail addresses with any third party or send unsolicited e-mail to any of the addresses we collect. Any e-mails we send out via subscription will always present the option of opt-ing out of this service.
Information Collection & Cookies
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, or Checkout UK Ltd's practices as we operate this site, please contact us.
Navigation
Home
About
Services
Business Benefits
Recruitment
Contact
Navigation
Back to the top
Site information
Privacy statement
About this website
Contact us
©2009 Checkout UK | Design by View Creative