http://www.assort.com/content/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Worldwide: +61 3 9584 6966
Tollfree USA: 1-800-345-1632
Mastel INC Freecall within the USA: 1-800-657-8057
Cart
Log in
Privacy Policy
Assort Pty Ltd Privacy Statement
The privacy of your personal information is afforded the highest level of importance by us - Assort Pty Ltd.  We are bound by the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) regarding the manner in which we handle information about individuals which personally identifies them (“personal information”) and how we respond to individual’s requests to access and correct it.  This Statement sets out our information handling procedures.
How we collect your information
We collect personal information through a number of sources.  These are primarily through:
communications with individuals (for example order forms, telephone conversations and emails);
publically available sources (such as websites and telephone directories);
those with whom we have contractual relationships (such as service providers, distributors and consultants).
We do not make use of cookies on our website to collect personal information about visitors to the site.
Kinds of personal information that we hold
The kind of personal information that we hold is information which may enable us to provide our products and services, and to more effectively market them.  That information includes name, contact, type of business, payment, accounts and communications details.
We may hold sensitive information about individuals, such as information about health, but will generally only do so if it has been collected with express consent, or where we have received it in connection with managing a particular customer query.
How we hold personal information
Depending on the circumstances, we may hold personal information either in hard copy or electronic form, or both.  Generally, a copy of all correspondence is held in electronic format.
How we use personal information
We use personal information:
• to provide our products and services;
• to administer our customer relationships;
• for internal purposes, such as analysis, risk management, product and service reviews, training and accounting;
• to identify and inform individuals of products and services we consider may be of interest.  We may do this via commercial electronic messages.
Where you provide personal information to us, you will do so on the basis that you consent to such uses.
How we disclose personal information
We may disclose information -
• to our associates (related bodies corporates, officers and agents):
• to those engaged by us to provide services (for example professional advisers,  mailing houses, information technology contractors and debt collection agencies);
• to those with whom we have contracting or alliance arrangements in order to identify and inform you of products and services that may be of interest;
• for other purposes for which the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) recognizes we may disclose without your consent and
• where we consider reasonably appropriate in connection with uses of your personal information to which you have consented.
Where you provide personal information to us, you will do so on the basis that you consent to such disclosures.
How we secure personal information
We endeavour to implement information handling procedures which are aimed at preventing unauthorized access, modification or disclosure of personal information.  We delete personal information where we consider it is no longer appropriate to retain it.
Complaints
If you are not satisfied with how we have handled your personal information, please telephone us – our contact details are at www.assort.com.  Alternatively, you have the right to raise any issues regarding our personal information handling practices with the Federal Privacy Commissioner, contact details for whom are atwww.privacy.gov.au.
Access
You have the right to access personal information we hold about you.  If you wish to do so, please contact via the contact details at www.assort.com.   We may charge a reasonable fee for providing access if it involves a significant amount of time to collate or present your personal information.  Please be aware that in some circumstances, the Privacy Act permits organizations to refrain from providing access to information – where the exceptions apply, we may not provide access to you.
Correction
If you find that personal information we hold about you is out of date or incorrect, please let us know.  You have a legal right to ensure that personal information held about you is accurate and up-to-date.
Transfer of information overseas
We may transfer your personal information overseas.  We may do this, for example, for the purpose of our communications with distributors/sales representatives and service providers.  Where we do so, we will endeavour to ensure that the levels of security which we adopt in respect of your personal information are observed by the recipient.
Changes
We may change this Privacy Statement & Consent from time to time.  We may do this by providing two weeks’ advance notice of the changes by posting notice of them on our website at www.assort.com..
Contact us
We would be pleased to provide you with any further information regarding the manner in which we may collect, hold, use and disclose your personal information.  If you have any queries in this regard, please contact us via the contact details at www.assort.com.