https://www.monsterhouseplans.com/legal-privacy.html
Legal Privacy
Copyright Notice
All house plans sold on MonsterHousePlans.com are protected by U.S. Copyright Law. Reproduction of these home plans, either in whole or in part, including any form of copying and/or preparation of derivative works thereof, for any reason without prior written permission, is strictly prohibited and subject to statutory damages of up to $150,000 plus attorney fees and loss of profits.
All parties including designers, draftsmen, owners, builders, Realtors, copy shops and blue-printers may be responsible if a copyright is violated. It does not matter if they knew what they were doing was a violation or not.
To avoid litigation, it is critical that one be certain of the original plan source and refuse to be party to any illicit copying or borrowing of designs and design features.
Privacy Policy
MonsterHousePlans.com values its customers and respects their privacy.
We collect customer information in an effort to improve your shopping experience and to communicate with you about our products, services, and promotions. MonsterHousePlans.com recognizes that it must maintain and use customer information responsibly. We do not sell or rent the information you provide to us online to third parties.
Secure Online Ordering
Secure online ordering exactly like the big guys...
At MonsterHousePlans.com we do our best to provide a safe and convenient online shopping experience. Protecting the safety of your credit card information is important to us. We use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology to protect the security of your credit card information as it is transmitted to us. This the same secure ordering security used by large online retailers like Amazon.com and Expedia.com
SSL is the gold standard in Internet encryption technology, which is a fancy way of saying that it's a highly sophisticated method of scrambling data as it travels from your computer to our website's servers. To make sure you are accessing our secure server before you submit personal financial information, look at bottom of your browser. If you see an unbroken key or a closed lock (depending upon your browser), then SSL is active. To double-check for security, look at the URL or Location line of your browser. If you have accessed our secure server, the first characters of the address in that line should change from "http" to "https." Keep in mind, you’ll only see this after you click "Checkout" and have begun the checkout process.
So if you’ve read this far and still not comfortable ordering online or would just prefer to make your purchase via telephone, just give us a call at 888-241-4693. We’d love to talk to you. Our Customer Service representatives are available Monday – Friday (excluding holidays) from 6:00am – 5:00pm Pacific time.
Cookies
A cookie is a small data file that Web sites often store on your computer's hard drive when you visit their sites. A cookie may contain information (such as a unique user ID) that is used to track the pages of the sites you've visited. We use cookies but do not store personally confidential information in your cookie. That’s a fancy way of saying we don’t keep your credit card information on file.
Instead, we use cookies in order to improve your shopping experience. When you visit MonsterHousePlans.com, your cookie helps us keep track of your order as you shop at our site. Your cookie allows us to recognize you when you return to our site and provides you with access to your account information. When you order from us, we also use cookies to monitor and maintain information about your use of our site. If you have not ordered from us, we may still monitor and maintain information about your use of our Web site in a manner that does not identify you. In either case, this information helps us serve you better by improving our site design, as well as our services.
You can refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser. If you turn off cookies, we may not be able to recognize you as a customer and therefore you may have to re-enter information that we would otherwise keep handy for you such as your billing address and the contents of your shopping cart.
Pricing
Prices are subject to change without notice. Due to the extensive plan inventory and diverse price options available on MonsterHousePlans.com, we may occasionally find data entry errors in the pricing of our plans. MonsterHousePlans.com reserves the right to correct such errors as they are discovered. No order and pricing with respect to an order shall be final until confirmed by MonsterHousePlans.com.
Refund / Exchange Policy:
Plans printed by MonsterHousePlans.com’s designers are refundable within 10 business days of purchase under the following conditions:
Plans are in their sealed, original packaging and have not been opened (to be determined by the firm that shipped the original order). Customer will pay a 20% re-stocking fee plus all shipping charges. Reproducibles, CAD Files & PDF’s are not refundable under any circumstances due to copyright issues.
Plans ordered from MonsterHousePlans.com may be exchanged within 30 days of purchase under the following conditions:
Upon designer approval, customer may exchange for a plan within the same designer’s collection (plan number to have same prefix). Customer will pay 20- 40% of the amount of the original order for re-stocking, plus the difference in cost if exchanging for a higher priced plan. Customer will also be responsible for all shipping charges. Reproducibles, CAD Files & PDF’s are not exchangeable under any circumstances due to copyright issues.
Photographs:
Please be advised that photographs may not represent plans accurately due to changes made during construction.