http://www.tannerjames.com.au/privacy
Skip to content
Privacy Policydoyston2020-09-14T14:59:27+10:00
Tanner James Privacy PolicyThis Privacy Policy applies to the services offered by Tanner James Management Consultants Pty Ltd (ABN 91 063 977 284) (“Tanner James”).
Personal information is importantTanner James is committed to safeguarding personal privacy. It recognises that individuals have a right to control how their personal information is collected and used. Providing personal information is an act of trust and it is taken seriously. Unless given consent to do otherwise, Tanner James will only collect and use personal information as set out below.
Tanner James ensures our privacy policy principles meet and exceed the requirements of the Australian privacy legislation.
What personal data we collect and why we collect itComments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
How long we retain your dataIf you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognise and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
What rights you have over your dataIf you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Contact by Tanner JamesTanner James may contact individuals using provided information in order to:
Provide information that may be of interest about changes, new products, special offers and other matters
Distribute newsletters
If an individual receives communications from Tanner James which they do not wish to receive, they may remove their name from the database by contacting Tanner James on 1300 774 623. Please allow 14 days for this request to be processed.
Where we send your dataVisitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Storage and security of personal informationTanner James will endeavour to take all reasonable steps to keep secure any personal information recorded, and to keep this information accurate and up to date. The information is stored on secure servers if in digital format, or in locked areas if in hardcopy format. These repositories are protected in controlled facilities. Tanner James employees and data processors are obliged to respect the confidentiality of any personal information held by Tanner James.
Go to Top