https://www.roadtechs.com/privacypolicy.html
home >> privacy policy
Privacy Policy for theROADTECHS Internet Web Site
Last updated: (09/08/2019)
Please review this privacy policy before using the Site. If you do not agree with our privacy policy, do not use the site. By
submitting any personal information to the site, you agree to be bound by the terms of this privacy policy statement.
Roadtechs, LLC ("Roadtechs.com", "Roadtechs", "us", "we", or "our") operates
https://www.roadtechs.com (the "Site"). This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and
disclosure of Personal Information we receive from users of the Site.
We use your Personal Information only for providing Site services and improving the Site. By using the Site, you agree to the
collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
Information Collection And Use
While using our Site, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used by our
client recruiters to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to your name,
phone number and email address ("Personal Information"). This information may include:
First name and surname, username and password, email address, contact information, country of residence, job title, and
other information you provide us when you create an account on the Site, sign-up to receive communications or materials from
us, or otherwise submit a form to us;
Transaction and payment information you provide when purchasing a service from us. This information may include the
information listed above as well as payment information;
Content and information that you submit when using the Site; this information includes, for example, information you
provide in any Black Book profile, information you provide when you participate in any interactive features or surveys, and
information you submit when submitting an email or feedback to the Site; and
Location information when you visit our Site, including location information either provided by a mobile device
interacting with our site or applications or associated with your IP address.
Log Data
Like many site operators, we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Site ("Log Data").
This Log Data may include information such as your computer's web request, Internet Protocol ("IP") address, device identifiers,
device information (such as OS type or browser type), cookie IDs, referring / exit pages and URLs, interaction information, domain
names, pages viewed, crash data, and other similar technical data, the pages of our Site that you visit, the time and date of your
visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics. In addition, we may use third party services such as Google Analytics
that collect, monitor and analyze the Log Data (note: You can opt out of Google Analytics by using this tool:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/).
Communications
We may use the information collected to:
Process your orders and requests and respond to your questions and concerns; for example, if you inquire about our services or
submit an application to Roadtechs, we may use your data to respond to and process these requests;
Provide you with products and services, and personalize your experience; for example, we may use information on your prior
activities or job function to tailor the features and content on the Roadtechs Services or Sites, or we may use technical data to remember
your preferences;
Contact you with email (Hotsheets, Job Notify) or promotional materials when a new feature is added to the Site. Client
recruiters with Black Book accounts may use Personal Information to contact Job Seekers (via phone or email) with job offers or queries.
Detect, investigate and block activities that may violate our policies, including our
User Agreement, or applicable laws (such as fraud detection and
prevention) or that may threaten the security, integrity or availability of our or another party's products, systems and services;
Provide you with and target advertising based on your activity and interests, both on our own Sites and applications and on
third-party sites and applications; and
Act pursuant to your consent for a specific purpose not listed in this policy. For example, with your consent, we may include a
Job Seeker's Black Book profile in an email to client recruiters posting jobs.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web
site and stored on your computer's hard drive.
Like many sites, we may use "cookies" to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a
cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some features of our Site.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of
electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot
ensure, and do not warrant or guarantee, that the information you transmit to Roadtechs will remain secure, nor do we guarantee that this
information will not be accessed, disclosed, altered, destroyed or used in an unauthorized manner.
Law Enforcement
We will cooperate with any order or request from law enforcement officials or a court of competent jurisdiction for information as to the
identity of individuals submitting or posting information to the Site. Such orders or requests supersede the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Additionally, notifications of claimed copyright infringement are also exempt from this Privacy Policy.
Children
The Site is not intended for, nor should it ever receive data from children. We encourage parents and guardians to spend time online with
their children and to participate in the interactive activities offered on other sites their children may visit. No information should be
submitted to, or posted at, the Site by visitors under 18 years of age.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of (09/08/2019) and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the
future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page.
We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your
continued use of the Service after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the
modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.
If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you via a prominent notice on our website.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please
contact us.
© Copyright - Roadtechs®, LLC. - All rights reserved.
Use of the Roadtechs.com website implies compliance with the Roadtechs User
Agreement and acknowledgment of our Privacy Policy.