https://www.stateauto.com/privacy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
State Auto Online Privacy Policy – last update November 2019
At State Auto®, we respect the privacy of customers, agents, and visitors. Our Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, share, and protect your personal information. If you are a resident of California, please click here for further information.
Collecting information
The State Auto website collects information from you automatically when you use our website, with cookies and similar technology, and when you provide information directly to us through our website. We explain our information collection practices in more detail below.
Information we collect from all visitors
When you visit the State Auto website, our web server automatically recognizes your computer or device. We use cookies along with online technologies, such as tags or beacons, when you use our website or interact with our email or advertisements. This anonymous information may include Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, web browser information, Internet Service Provider (ISP), refer and exit pages, operating system, session identification, date and time stamp, geolocation, and clickstream data. We use this information to:
Recognize your browser, computer or device
Remember your preferences and actions
Collect information about how visitors use our website and respond to email
Log website activity
Market products to you
Information we collect directly from State Auto’s website
We collect personal information when you conduct activities or transactions on our website, through our Customer Portal, or when you send us email. Personal information is any information that identifies you and describes your relationship with us. Some examples include:
Name, address and Social Security number
Driver’s license number
Vehicle information
Credit reports and other consumer report information
Property address and value
Financial information
Any information you provide us
Public information
Sharing personal information
State Auto shares your personal information with your agent and third parties as necessary to service your product. Some examples include:  claims handling, customer service, fraud prevention, research, and marketing. We also share your personal information as required or permitted by law.
Additionally, we may share your personal information with other State Auto Companies.  If you would like to opt out of this sharing, please click the link at the bottom of this Policy and fill out the form provided.
We do not share personal information with other companies for their own marketing activities without your permission.
State Auto customers can review our Privacy Statement here.
Geolocation
With your permission, we will use the geolocation feature of your smartphone or other device to tailor the website functionality, such as providing directions or presenting content to a specific location. You can manage your geolocation settings and permissions in your device settings.
Do not track
All major Internet browsers allow you to block or delete cookies through the privacy features in your browser. Please note: if you block cookies, you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. Our system may not recognize do not track requests from some Internet browsers.
Security
At State Auto, the security of your personal information is important to us. We implement reasonable security measures to protect against the loss, misuse, unauthorized access to or alteration of your personal information.  For example, we use Secure Socket Layer (SSL) to encrypt the transmission of your personal information over the Internet. In some cases, State Auto provides your personal information to a business partner to provide a service. They may only use your personal information for our purposes, and they may not share it or use it in any other way. We comply with all federal and state data security laws.
Children
State Auto does not knowingly collect personal information from children. If we learn we have collected the personal information from a child under 13, we will delete this information.
Social media
Our website includes social media features, such as the Facebook button. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our website. Your interactions with social media features are governed by the privacy statement of the company providing them.
Links to third-party websites
Our website includes links to other websites whose privacy practices may differ from those of State Auto. If you submit personal information to any other site, your information is governed by the privacy statement of the site you provide the information to and not State Auto’s privacy statement. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy statement of any website you visit.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
We may update this Online Privacy Policy from time to time as we add new features or change the way we manage information. If we make material changes to our Privacy Policy, we will post the changes here and notify you by posting a notice on this site prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to review this page periodically to see if there have been any changes to our privacy practices that may affect you.
Contact information
The State Auto Online Privacy Policy applies to State Automobile Mutual Insurance Company and each of its affiliates and subsidiaries.
If you have questions about the State Auto Online Privacy Policy, or if you wish to inform State Auto that it may not share with other State Auto Companies information about your transactions and experiences, please contact us.
State Auto Insurance Companies
518 E. Broad Street
Columbus, OH 43215
Contact Us
Report Fraud
Sitemap
About Us
Investors
© 2020 State Automobile Mutual Insurance Company. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
By continuing to use our website, you agree to our cookie policy and privacy policy.