http://www.canequity.com/corporate/privacy-policy.phtm
Log in / Create an account
Apply for a Mortgage
Contact Us
Mortgage News
Library & Statistics
Rates & Tools
Mortgage Services
Home
Mortgage Services
Rates & Tools
Library & Statistics
Contact Us
Mortgage News
Apply Online
1-800-604-1864
About Us
Our Mortgage Brokers
More About Mortgage Brokers
Our Mortgage Lenders
Employment
Privacy Policy
Apply Now
Mortgage Applications
Refinance/Consolidate
Commercial Financing
Mortgage Rates
Compare Mortgage Rates
Mortgage Rate History
Current Mortgage Rates
Variable closed: 1.7%
1 year closed: 1.74%
3 year closed: 1.69%
5 year closed: 1.79%
10 year closed: 2.94%
Glossary
Alphabetical Index
Financial/Banking Definitions
Mortgage Definitions
Real Estate Definitions
Tools
Mortgage Calculators
Mortgage Calculator (Popular)
Refinancing and Equity Calculator
Mortgage Affordability Calculator
Credit Card Calculators
Payment Calculator
Points Calculator
About Super Brokers
Our Mortgage Brokers
Our Mortgage Lenders
Privacy Policy
Mortgage Super Brokers >
Corporate >
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Super Brokers Incorporated
Super Brokers Incorporated was founded on principles of trust, integrity and the delivery of outstanding service. Therefore, we are very concerned with the privacy rights of our online visitors and customers and are committed to protecting the information collected about you.
SuperBrokers.ca has taken extensive measures to protect the confidentiality of your personal information and to protect your data from misuse and unauthorized access or disclosure. When you enter sensitive information (such as a social insurance number) on our forms, we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). We follow generally accepted standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it.
No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however.
Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If you have any questions about security on our Web site, you can contact us at info@SuperBrokers.ca.
We also restrict internal access of stored data to select employees that have been informed of our privacy policies. If you have concerns involving the security or privacy of your information, you can arrange to talk to one of our representatives.
Information Collected at our Website
Personal InformationIf you submit a mortgage application to Super Brokers you are required to provide certain information necessary to deliver the selected services. In some instances you will only provide personal information such as name, address, e-mail address, phone number and other contact information. In other cases you will be asked to provide the preceding contact information as well as personal financial information including details of current mortgage and property, liabilities, assets, and social insurance number (S.I.N) in order for Super Brokers Incorporated to perform the services requested. The more information you share with Super Brokers Incorporated the more accurately Super Brokers Incorporated will be able to provide you with information and services you have indicated are of interest.
Statistical InformationWe automatically collect anonymous statistical information regarding usage of our website. This helps us understand our Customers' needs better and improve areas of our services that our Customers find valuable. For instance, when you visit SuperBrokers.ca, our website recognizes the type of browser you are using (Mozilla Firefox, Google Chrome, Microsoft Internet Explorer, etc.), the site that linked you to our site, the pages you visit at our site, and similar information. None of this information identifies you personally.
Super Brokers uses information collected from our mortgage inquiries and applications to generate city and province specific statistics. The information used is an average of all information collected, and never identifies you personally. If you do not wish to have your information included in our averages, please make a note of it on the application, or contact us.
Use and Disclosure of Information
We will share your personal information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement.
We do not sell your personal information to third parties. Upon receiving your application or inquiry, we may disclose any information we collect, as described above, to Super Brokers Incorporated affiliates or service providers to perform a service for us or perform a function on our behalf. In cases where we use service providers, we restrict such service providers from using your non-public personal information except to act on our behalf or as required or permitted by law. Disclosure to Super Brokers Incorporated affiliates or service providers will be necessary so that you can receive the best possible RATES, SERVICE and MORTGAGE OPTIONS from the financial services offered by Super Brokers Incorporated affiliates or service providers. These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us.
We may also disclose your personal information
as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process
when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request,
if Super Brokers Incorporated is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our web site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information,
to any other third party with your prior consent to do so.
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
CookiesA cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user's computer for record-keeping purposes. We use cookies on this site. We do link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit when logged into our website.
We use session ID cookies and persistent cookies.
A session ID cookie expires when you close your browser. A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time. You can remove persistent cookies by following directions provided in your Internet browser's "help" file. Cookies help us to identify you when you return to our site. We set a persistent cookie to store your passwords, so you don't have to enter it more than once.
Persistent cookies also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. If you reject cookies, you may still use our site, but your ability to use some areas of our site, such as contests or surveys, will be limited.
Tracking Technologies & Third Party Cookies
The use of cookies by our partners, affiliates, tracking utility company, service providers is not covered by our privacy statement.
We do not have access or control over these cookies.
Our partners, affiliates, tracking utility company, service providers use session ID cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our site, in order for you to use the shopping cart, etc.
We use Google Analytics, a third-party tracking service, which uses cookies to track non-personally identifiable information about our visitors to our site in the aggregate to capture usage and volume statistics. Some of our business partners (e.g., Google Analytics) use cookies on our site. We have no access to or control over these cookies. This privacy statement covers the use of cookies by Super Brokers Incorporated only and does not cover the use of cookies by any third-party.
Tell a FriendIf you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about our site, we will ask you for your friend's name and email address.
We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site.
Super Brokers Incorporated stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email and tracking the success of our referral program. Your friend may contact us at info@SuperBrokers.ca or call 1-866-530-5541 to request that we remove this information.
WidgetsOur web site includes Widgets, which are interactive mini-programs that run on our site to provide specific services from another company (e.g. displaying the news, opinions, music, etc).
Personal information, such as your email address, may be collected through the widget. Cookies may also be set by the Widget to enable it to function properly. Information collected by this Widget is governed by the privacy policy of the company that created it.
Facebook Connect or other OpenID providerYou can log in to our site using sign-in services such as Facebook Connect or your with your email account. These services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information with us such as your name and email address to pre-populate our login/sign up form.
Services like Facebook Connect give you the option to post information about your activities on this Web site to your profile page to share with others within your network.
Links to Other Web SitesOur Site includes links to other Web sites whose privacy practices may differ from those of Super Brokers Incorporated. If you submit personal information to any of those sites, your information is governed by their privacy statements. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy statement of any Web site you visit.
Member DirectoryAs part of our service, you have the option to create a listing in our Appraisers & Inspector directories. We will list you in our publicly accessible member directory.
If you do not want to be listed in our directory contact us at info@SuperBrokers.ca or by following the instructions here.
BlogOur Web site offers publicly accessible blogs or community forums. You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them.
Removal of Personal Information
You can request that we purge the entirety of the personal information submitted by you through SuperBrokers.ca from our database by providing detailed instructions to Super Brokers Incorporated's Privacy Officer (see below). In such cases Super Brokers Incorporated will delete all digitally warehoused information you have submitted. Please note that Super Brokers Incorporated cannot purge information from the systems or files of our Super Brokers Incorporated Affiliates, service providers or other financial institutions that have subsequently been sent your personal information to provide their services.
Notification of Privacy Statement Changes
We may update this privacy statement to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
Terms Of Use
Super Brokers Incorporated provides the SuperBrokers.ca Internet site "as is" to the user without any warranty or condition, express, implied or statutory. Super Brokers Incorporated disclaims any implied warranties of title, merchantability, non-infringement of intellectual property or fitness for any particular purpose.
Except as may be otherwise expressly provided by written agreement between Super Brokers Incorporated and the user, Super Brokers Incorporated will have no tort, contract or any other liability to the user and/or any third party arising in connection with the use of this Internet site, or reliance on any information or services provided at this Internet site.
Super Brokers Incorporated does not endorse the services or products of advertisers, sponsors, or affinity partners. Product or service information is believed to be correct, but should not be relied on without prior verification. SuperBrokers.ca contains links to outside sites, through banners, email and other portals, to third party sites that send their own cookies, collect data and solicit information. Super Brokers Incorporated does not control these sites and as such we do not endorse their products, services or information and are not associated with the operators.
In the event of errors or omissions in any information Super Brokers Incorporated's sole responsibility shall be to use its best efforts to correct, by the issue of a corrected release, any errors or omissions which it or any of its employees, servants or agents may have made, negligently or otherwise, in transmitting copy accurately and which are brought to its attention. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in no event shall Super Brokers Incorporated or any of its servants, employees or agents be liable in contract, tort or otherwise to any person (including, without limitation, the subscriber) for any loss, damage, injury, liability, cost or expense of any nature (including, without limitation, direct, indirect, consequential, incidental, special and punitive damages) which such person may suffer or incur as a result of any such errors or omissions or any delays in transmission or non-transmission.
Your Acceptance Of These Terms
By using this site, or by submitting personal information to us, you signify your agreement to Super Brokers Incorporated's Privacy Policy and Terms Of Use. From time to time we may change or update our privacy policies. It is your responsibility to check back regularly to inform yourself of such changes. Your continued use of the SuperBrokers.ca site following the posting of changes to these terms will be deemed as your acceptance of those changes.
The foregoing policies are in effect as of April 10th, 2001. Super Brokers Incorporated reserves the right to change this policy statement at any time by posting the revised policy on this website. This statement and the policies outlined herein are not intended to and do not create any contractual or other legal rights in or on behalf of any party.
If you have any further questions or concerns, or would like to be removed from our database, please contact:
SuperBrokers.ca
Attn: Daryl Maksymec
158 Crystalridge Drive
Okotoks, AB
T1S 1W3
Canada
Toll Free: 1 (866) 530-5541
Mortgage Rates Chart
Your money goes a lot further when you pay your home off with low interest rate. Make sure your mortgage isn't weighing you down with high rates and ridiculous payments. View our mortgage rates chart to find the best interest rates in Canada.
Home Loan Mortgage Calculator
Compare different payment schedules and mortgage interest rates using our new residential mortgage calculator. Knowing how it all works will help you get the best deal on your home loan. Try it out and tell us what you think.
Neck Deep in Credit Card Debt?
Credit card companies will charge you exorbitant fees if you don't pay off your arrears on their timetable. You have another option. Our debt consolidation services can eliminate your credit card debt entirely by adding it your mortgage balance, saving you from exponentially growing interest charges. Simply apply now and one of our experienced agents will help you today.
Residential Mortgages
Cash-Back Mortgage
Debt Consolidation
First-time Homebuyers
Home Equity Line of Credit
Mortgage Refinance
New Construction
New to Canada Mortgage
Pre-Approved Mortgage
Renewal or Transfer
Self-Employed Mortgage
Mortgage Glossary
Mortgage Library
Home Inspectors Directory
Home Appraisers Directory
Canadian Real Estate Listings
Rates & Tools
Best Mortgage Rates
Mortgage Rate History
Mortgage Calculator
Affordability Calculator
Refinancing Calculator
Mortgage Statistics
Calgary
Edmonton
Hamilton
Mississauga
Montreal
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Victoria
Winnipeg
More cities
Corporate
About Us
Privacy & Terms
Contact Us
Contact Form
Tel: 1-800-604-1864
Fax: 1-866-565-1864
info@superbrokers.ca
© 2000-2020 Super Brokers is Canadian owned and operated by Colloco Enterprises.
All trademarks and logos are the property of their respective
owners.
All rights reserved.