https://www.net-eng.co.uk/privacy-policy/
|
Privacy Policy
We respect your privacy!Any and all the information collected on this site will be kept strictly confidential and will not be sold, reused, rented, disclosed, or loaned!Any information you provide will be held with the utmost care and will not be used in ways that you have not consented to. If you have any questions, please feel free to call or e-mail us.HOW WE USE COOKIESA cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
+44 (0) 115 9753655
sales@net-eng.co.uk
Nottingham Electrical Transmissions 17 Northern Court Basford Nottingham. NG6 0BJ
General
Home
Who We Are
The Team
Blog
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Contact
Services
Overview
Gearbox Repairs
Extruder Repairs
Precision Machining
Gear Cutting
Preventative Maintainance
Products
Overview
Industrial Gearboxes
Electric Motors
Pumps and Blowers
Inverters
Manufacturers
Downloads