https://www.biolinked.com/main/clientsupport/policies_and_rules/section/copyright_notice/
0
My BioLinked
Message Center
Add New Products
Post Buying Requests
Buy
How to Buy
Post Buying Requests
Sell
How to Sell
Add New Products
My Favorites
Client Support
Help
Suggestion
Contact Us
Welcome! Sign in or register.
BioLinked
Farming
Beans
Broad Beans
Butter Beans
Cocoa Beans
Coffee Beans
Chickpeas
Kidney Beans
Lentils
Lima Beans
Peas
Soybeans
Vanilla Beans
Vigna Beans
Other Beans
Fresh Fruit
Apple
Apricot
Avocado
Banana
Berberis
Bergamot
Blackberry
Blackcurrant
Blueberry
Bottle Gourd
Cherimoya
Cherry
Chinese Bitter Gourd
Clementine
Coconut
Cranberry
Currant
Durian
Fig
Gooseberry
Grape
Grapefruit
Guava
Indian Fig Opuntia
Kaki
Kiwifruit
Kumquat
Lemon
Lime
Litchi
Longan
Loquat
Mandarine
Mango
Melon
Nectarine
Olive
Orange
Papaya
Passionfruit
Peach
Pear
Physalis
Pineapple
Plum
Pomegranate
Pomelo
Pouteria Sapota
Quince
Raspberry
Red Whortleberry
Redcurrant
Sapodilla
Satsuma
Sloe or Blackthorn
Soursop
Strawberry
Watermelon
White Currant
Wild Strawberry
Other Fresh Fruit
Fresh Vegetables
Artichoke
Asparagus
Bean
Beet
Broccoli
Brussel Sprouts
Burdock
Cabbages
Capsicum
Cardoons
Carrots
Cassava or Manioc
Cauliflower
Celery Cabbage
Chard
Chayote
Chinese Cabbage
Courgettes
Cucumbers
Daikon
Eggplant
Endive
Fennel
Garlic
Ginger
Gherkin
Green Bean
Horseradish
Hot Peppers
Kale or Borecole
Kohlrabi
Komatsuna
Konjac
Leek
Lentil
Lettuce
Lotus Root
Napa Cabbage
Okra
Onions
Parsley
Parsnip
Peas
Pimento
Potatoes
Pumpkin
Radish
Rhubarb
Rucola or Arugula
Rutabaga
Salad
Salsify
Scallion or Green Onions
Shallot
Shungiku
Spinach
Squash
Sweet Corn
Sweet Potato
Taro
Tomato
Turnip
Vigna Asparagus
Watercress
Zucchini
Other Vegetable
Grain
Barley
Buckwheat
Corn
Millet
Oat
Quinoa
Rice
Rye
Sorghum
Wheat
Other Grain
Mushrooms & Truffles
Mushrooms
Truffles
Nuts & Kernels
Almond
Apricot Kernels
Betel Nuts
Brazil Nuts
Cashew Nuts
Chestnut
Ginkgo Nuts
Hazelnuts
Macadamia Nuts
Melon Seeds
Peanuts
Pecan Nuts
Pine Nuts
Pistachio Nuts
Pumpkin Kernels
Sunflower Kernels
Walnuts
Other Nuts & Kernels
Beverages
Alcoholic Beverage
Beer
Brandy
Cocktails
Cognac
Fruit Wine
Gin
Grappa
Liqueur
Mead
Rice Wine
Rum
Tequlia
Vodka
Whisky
Wine
Coffee
Coffee Beans
Coffee Drinks
Ground Coffee
Instant Coffee
Whole Bean Coffee
Drinking Water
Mineral Water
Pure Water
Soft Drinks
Bubble Tea Drinks
Cacao Drinks
Carbonated Drinks
Coffee Drinks
Energy Drinks
Grain & Nut Juice
Instant Powder Drinks
Soy Milk
Tea Drinks
Fruit Vegetable & Herb Juice
Tea
Black Tea
Blooming Tea
Flavor Tea
Green Tea
Oolong Tea
Pu´Er Tea
Slimming Tea
White Tea
Yellow Tea
Bakery, Confectionery & Snacks
Baked Goods
Biscuits
Bread
Breadcrumbs
Cakes
Mooncake
Pastries
Pizza
Tortilla
Confectionery
Candy
Chocolate
Gum
Jelly & Pudding
Snacks
Bean Snacks
Dairy Snacks
Egg Snacks
Fruit & Vegetable Snacks
Grain Snacks
Meat Snacks
Nuts & Kernel Snacks
Seafood Snacks
Food Ingrediens
Baking Mixes
Cocoa Ingredients
Extracts
Yeasts & Leaveners
Non Dairy Creamer
Starch
Dairy, Egg & Honey
Dairy Products
Butter
Cheese
Cream
Ice Cream
Milk
Milk Powder
Milk Substitute
Yogurt
Eggs & Egg Products
Eggs
Egg Products
Honey & Honey Products
Bee Pollen
Bee Wax
Honey
Honey Syrup
Propolis
Royal Jelly
Meat & Seafood
Meat & Poultry
Beef
Camel Meat
Donkey Meat
Goat Meat
Horse Meat
Kangaroo Meat
Pork
Rabbit Meat
Sheep Meat
Venison
Meat Products
Bacon
Ham
Sausage
Meatball
Sausage Casings
Poultry Meat
Chicken
Duck
Goose
Ostrich
Pheasant
Quail
Turkey
Seafood
Crab
Cuttlefish
Fish
Fish Ball
Fish Sausage
Lobster
Octopus
Roe
Sea Cucumber
Sea Urchin
Seafood Snacks
Seaweed
Shellfish
Shrimp
Squid
Surimi
Fruit & Vegetable Products
Fruit Products
Canned Fruit
Dried Fruit
Frozen Fruit
Preserved Fruit
Fruit Juice
Vegetable Products
Canned Vegetables
Dried Vegetables
Frozen Vegetables
Preserved Vegetables
Vegetable Juice
Bean & Grain Products
Bean Products
Bean Sprouts
Natto
Soy Milk
Tofu
Grain Products
Cereal Products
Chinese Snack
Flour
Noodles
Pasta
Rice Noodle
Starch
Seasoning & Condiments
Puree
Hot Pot Condiments
Plant & Animal Oil
Animal Oil
Blended Oil
Camellia Oil
Castor Oil
Coconut Oil
Corn Oil
Ginger Oil
Olive Oil
Palm Oil
Pumpkin Seed Oil
Rapeseed Oil
Sesame Oil
Soybean Oil
Sunflower Oil
Other Plant & Animal Oil
Salt
Sauce
Seafood Condiment
Spices & Herbs Products
Single Herbs & Spices
Mixed Spices & Seasonings
Sugar
Vinegar
Food by Type
Baby Food
Baby Biscuits
Baby Cereal
Baby Juice
Baby Noodles
Baby Puree
Meat
Canned Food
Canned Fish
Canned Fruit
Canned Meat
Canned Mushrooms
Canned Vegetables
Instant food
Hamburger
Instant Noodles
Instant Powder Drinks
Instant Rice
Instant Soup
Meat Dishes
Pizza
Puree
Seafood Dishes
Sushi
Vegetable Dishes
Other Food & Beverage
Help
Suggestion
Contact
Policies & Rules
Privacy Policy
30.01.2012.
This is the Privacy Policy governing your use of the Biolinked.com site (hereinafter "Site") and the collection, use, transfer and processing of your Collected Information by Biolinked.com (collectively referred to as "Biolinked.com", "we" or "us"). By using this Site, you consent to our Privacy Policy set out below. All terms not defined in this document have the meanings ascribed to them in the Terms of Use Agreement between you and Biolinked.com which by use of this Site you agree to accept.
The Information We Collect
Registration Information: At the time you register to become a Registered User of the Site, you will be asked to complete a registration form which requires you to provide information such as your name, address, phone/fax number, email address and other personal information as well as information about your business ("Registration Information.")
Publishing Information: If you submit any information to Biolinked.com to be published on the Site through the publishing tools, including but not limited to Company Profile, Product Catalog, Trade Leads, TrustPass Profile and any discussion forum, then you are deemed to have given consent to the publication of such information ("Publishing Information").
Payment Information: If you establish a credit account with us or our providers or if you purchase a product or service from Biolinked.com or a vendor available through Biolinked.com, we may collect additional information, including billing information, credit card numbers and expiration dates and tracking information from cheques or money orders ("Payment Information").
Statistical Information: In addition, we gather statistical information about our Site and Users, such as IP addresses, browser software, operating system, software and hardware attributes, pages viewed, number of sessions, unique visitors and so forth. ("Statistical Information").
Registration Information: Publishing Information, Payment Information, Account Activities Information, Statistical Information and any information we may collect from you through the use of cookies (see Section 5 below), or from other parties or through any other means, shall collectively be referred to as "Collected Information".
How We May Use Information
General: We use your Collected Information to improve our marketing and promotional efforts, to statistically analyze site usage, to improve our content and product offerings and to customize our Site's content, layout and service specifically for you. We may use your Collected Information to service your Account with us, including but not limited to investigating problems, resolving disputes and enforcing agreements with us. We do not sell, rent, trade or exchange any personally-identifying information of our Users. We may provide your Collected Information service providers under contract (such as customer care) to support the operation of the Site and our services. We may share certain aggregate information based on analysis of Collected Information with our partners, customers, advertisers or potential Users. We may use your Collected Information to execute marketing campaigns, promotions or advertising messages on behalf of third parties; however, in these circumstances, your Collected Information will not be disclosed to such third parties unless you respond to the marketing, promotion or advertising message. Your Collected Information may be transferred, stored, used and processed outside your home jurisdiction. In case of a merger with or transfer of business to another business entity, we will transfer your Collected Information to the entity which acquires the business (Should such a combination occur, we will require that the new combined entity follow this Privacy Policy with respect to your Collected Information).
Registration Information: We may use your Registration Information to provide services that you request or to contact you regarding additional services about which Biolinked.com determines that you might be interested. Specifically, we may use your email address, mailing address, phone number, mobile number or fax number to contact you regarding notices, surveys, product alerts, new service or product offerings and communications relevant to your use of our Site. We may generate reports and analysis based on the Registration Information for internal analysis, monitoring and marketing decisions.
Publishing Information: All of your Publishing Information will be publicly available on the Site and therefore accessible by any internet user. Any Publishing Information that you disclose to Biolinked.com becomes public information and you relinquish any proprietary rights (including but not limited to the rights of confidentiality and copyrights) in such information. You should exercise caution when deciding to include personal or proprietary information in the Publishing Information that you submit to us.
Account Activities Information: We use Account Activities Information to provide the services that you request.
We may also generate reports, statistics and analysis based on Account Activities Information to enhance and improve our Site and services. We record and retain the records of your Account activities when you use the Biolinked.com services.
Statistical Information: We use Statistical Information to help diagnose problems with and maintain our computer servers, to manage our Site, and to enhance our Site and services based on the usage pattern data we receive. We may generate reports and analysis based on the Statistical Information for internal analysis, monitoring and marketing decisions. We may provide Statistical Information to third parties, but when we do so, we do not provide personally-identifying information without your permission.
Disclosure of Information
We may publish records of complaints and any penalties, actions or proceedings against Members.
We further reserve the right to disclose your Collected Information to relevant authorities where we have reason to believe that such disclosure is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be infringing or threatening to infringe, or who may otherwise be causing injury to or interference with, the title, rights, interests or property of Biolinked.com, our Users, customers, partners, other web site users or anyone else who could be harmed by such activities.
We also reserve the right to disclose Collected Information in response to a subpoena or other judicial order or when we reasonably believe that such disclosure is required by law, regulation or administrative order of any court, governmental or regulatory authority.
If we have reason to believe that a User is in breach of the Terms of Use or any other agreement with us, then we reserve the right to make public or otherwise disclose such User's Collected Information in order to pursue our claim or prevent further injury to Biolinked.com or others.
Co-Branded Relationships
We have established relationships with other parties to offer you the benefit of other products and services which we ourselves do not offer. We offer you access to these other parties either through the use of hyperlinks to their Site from our Site, or through offering "co-branded" Site in which both ourselves and these other parties share the same uniform resource locator, domain name or pages within a domain name on the Internet. In some cases you may be required to submit information for purposes of registering or applying for products or services provided by such third parties or co-branded partners. The privacy policy of such other parties may differ from ours, and we may not have any control over the information that you submit to such third parties or co-branded Site. We therefore encourage you to read that policy before responding to any offers, products or services provided by such other parties.
Cookies
We use "cookies" to store specific information about you and track your visits to our Site. It is not uncommon for webSite to use cookies to enhance identification of their users. A "cookie" is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser and stored on your computer's hard drive. A cookie can be sent to your computer's hard drive only if you access our Site using the computer. If you do not de-activate or erase the cookie, each time you use the same computer to access our Site, our web servers will be notified of your visit to our Site and in turn we may have knowledge of your visit and the pattern of your usage. Generally, we use cookies to identify you and enable us to access your Registration Information, Publishing Information or Payment Information so you do not have to re-enter it; gather statistical information about usage by Users; research visiting patters and help target advertisements based on User interests; assist our partners to track User visits to the Site and process orders; and track progress and participation in promotions.
You can determine if and how a cookie will be accepted by configuring your browser's which is installed in the computer you are using to access the Site. If you desire, you can change those configurations in your browser. By setting your preferences in the browser, you can accept all cookies, you can be notified when a cookie is sent, or you can reject all cookies. If you reject all cookies by choosing the cookie-disabling function in your browser, you may be required to re-enter your information on our Site more often and certain features of our Site may be unavailable.
Minors
The Site and its contents are not intended to be targeted to minors under applicable law and we do not intend to sell any of our products or services to minors. However, we have no way of distinguishing the age of individuals who access our Site and so we carry out the same Privacy Policy for individuals of all ages. If a minor has provided us with personal information without parental or guardian consent, the parent or guardian should contact us to remove the information.
Security Measures
We employ commercially reasonable security methods to prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy and ensure correct use of information.
As a Registered User, your Registration Information, Publishing Information and Payment Information (if any) can be viewed and edited through your Account which is protected by Password. We recommend that you do not divulge your Password to anyone. Our personnel will never ask you for your Password in an unsolicited phone call or in an unsolicited e-mail. If you share a computer with others, you should not choose to save your log-in information (e.g., User ID and Password) on the computer. Remember to sign out of your Account and close your browser window when you have finished your session.
No data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be perfectly secured. As a result, while we try to protect your information, no web site or company, including ourselves, can absolutely ensure or guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us and you do so at your own risk.
Changes to Privacy Policy
Any changes to this Privacy Policy will be communicated through our posting an amended and restated Privacy Policy on our Site. Our posting the amended and restated Privacy Policy will make such new Privacy Policy immediately effective. You agree that all Collected Information (whether or not collected prior to or after the new policy became effective) will be governed by the newest Privacy Policy then in effect. If you do not agree to the new changes in our Privacy Policy, you should contact Biolinked.com in writing (at the address set out in the "Your Feedback" section below) and specifically request that Biolinked.com return and/or destroy all copies of all or part of your Collected Information in Biolinked.com's possession.
Accessing and Correcting Your Information
You can access, view and edit your Registration Information, Publishing Information and and Payment Information (if any) through your Account with Biolinked.com.
Your feedback
Biolinked.com welcomes your continuous input regarding our Privacy Policy or our services provided to you. You may send us your comments and responses by post to Biolinked.com.
Terms of Use
Biolinked.com Terms of Use Agreement
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CAREFULLY.
This Terms of Use Agreement (the "Agreement") describes the terms and conditions applicable to your use of the Biolinked web site which is identified by the uniform resource locator www.Biolinked.com (the "Site"). This Agreement is entered into between you as the user of the Site (the "User") and Biolinked.com ("Biolinked").
1. Application of and Acceptance of Terms and Conditions.
1.1. For purposes of this Agreement, a "User" is any person who accesses the Site for whatever purpose, regardless of whether said User has registered with Biolinked as a registered User or whether said User is a paying customer for a specific service provided by Biolinked.com. A User includes the person using this Site and any legal entity which may be represented by such person under actual or apparent authority.
1.2. By accessing or using the Site, you hereby agree to accept the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement as a User. You shall be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement with respect to your access or use of this Site and any further upgrade, modification, addition or change to this Site. If you do not accept all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement, please do not use this Site.
1.3. This Agreement applies to each Premium Service (as defined below) in addition to any terms and conditions that may be applicable to such specific Premium Service provided, however, that (a) in the event of any conflict or inconsistency between any provision of the terms and conditions that may be applicable to such Premium Service and any provision of this Agreement, such conflict or inconsistency shall (except as otherwise expressly provided or agreed) be resolved in a manner favorable to Biolinked.com and/or its affiliates; and (b) only to the extent that such conflict or inconsistency cannot be so resolved, the provisions of the terms and conditions applicable to such specific Premium Service shall prevail.
1.4. Biolinked.com may amend this Agreement at any time by posting the amended and restated Agreement on the Site. The amended and restated Agreement shall be effective immediately upon posting. Posting by Biolinked of the amended and restated Agreement and your continued use of the Site shall be deemed to be acceptance of the amended terms. This Agreement may not otherwise be modified, except in writing by an authorized officer of Biolinked.com.
2. Premium Services
2.1. Access to the Site and certain of its features are provided to all Users free of charge. However, Biolinked.com reserves the right, without prior notice, to restrict access to certain areas or features of the Site ("Premium Services") to paying Users or Users who undergo a specific registration process. Access to and use of these Premium Services are governed by additional terms and conditions under separate agreements in addition to this Agreement.
2.2. Biolinked reserves the right to deny Premium Services to any User for whatever reason in order to protect the interests of Biolinked.com.
3. Users Generally
3.1. Users may use this Site solely for their own personal or internal purposes. Each User agrees that it shall not copy, reproduce or download any information, text, images, video clips, directories, files, databases or listings available on or through the Site (the "Biolinked Content") for the purpose of re-selling or re-distributing the Biolinked.com Content, mass mailing (via emails, wireless text messages, physical mail or otherwise), operating a business that competes with Biolinked.com, or otherwise commercially exploiting the Biolinked.com Content. Systematic retrieval of Biolinked.com Content from this Site to create or compile, directly or indirectly, a collection, compilation, database or directory (whether through robots, spiders, automatic devices or manual processes) without written permission from Biolinked.com is prohibited. In addition, use of the content or materials for any purpose not expressly permitted in this Agreement is prohibited.
3.2. Some of the Biolinked.com Content displayed on this Site is provided or posted by third parties ("Third Party Content"). Biolinked.com is not the author of third-party content, whether contributed by anonymous users or paid content providers. Neither Biolinked.com nor any of our affiliates, directors, officers or employees has entered into any sales agency relationship with such third party by virtue of our display of the Third Party Content on the Site. Any Third Party Content is the sole responsibility of the party who provided the content. Biolinked.com is not responsible for the accuracy, propriety, lawfulness or truthfulness of any Third Party Content, and shall not be liable to any User in connection with such User's reliance of such Third Party Content. In addition, Biolinked is not responsible for the conduct of any User's activities on the Site, and shall not be liable to any person in connection with any damage suffered by any person as a result of such User's conduct.
3.3. Biolinked.com may allow Users access to content, products or services offered by third parties through hyperlinks (in the form of word link, banners, channels or otherwise) to such Third Party's web site. You are cautioned to read such sites' terms and conditions and/or privacy policies before using such sites in order to be aware of the terms and conditions of your use of such sites. User acknowledges that Biolinked.com has no control over such third party's web site, does not monitor such sites, and Biolinked.com shall not be responsible or liable to anyone for such web site, or any content, products or services made available on such a website.
3.4. Messages or information sent by a User through communication systems provided by the Site, or through emails, fax or letters to addressees obtained from the Site, shall not contain any of the materials described in the provisions of Section 5.5 below.
3.5. Biolinked.com reserves the right to limit, deny or create different access to the Site and its features with respect to different Users, or to change any of the features or introduce new features without prior notice. Each User acknowledges that inability to use the Site wholly or partially for whatever reason may have adverse effects on its business. Each User hereby agrees that in no event shall Biolinked.com be liable to the User or any third parties for any inability to use the Site (whether due to disruption, limited access, changes to or termination of any features on the Site or otherwise), any delays, errors or omissions with respect to any communications or transmission, or any damage (direct, indirect, consequential or otherwise) arising from the use of or inability to use the Site or any of its features.
3.6. No User shall undertake any scheme to undermine the integrity of the computer systems or networks used by Biolinked.com and/or any other User and no User shall attempt to gain unauthorized access to such computer systems or networks.
3.7. We urge that you read Biolinked.com's Privacy Policy which governs the protection and use of each User's information in Biolinked.com's possession. Each User hereby accepts the Privacy Policy and any updates and amendments thereto. Each User acknowledges that Biolinked.com may change the Privacy Policy from time to time provided that Biolinked.com shall make available the updated version of the Privacy Policy on the Site at all times. Your continuation of use of the Site shall be deemed to be your acceptance of the Privacy Policy which is then displayed on the Site at the time of such use.
3.8. As a condition of your access to and use of Biolinked.com, you agree that you will not use the Biolinked.com service to infringe the intellectual property rights of others in any way. Biolinked.com will in appropriate circumstances terminate the accounts of members or users who are repeat infringers of the copyrights, or other intellectual property rights, of others. In addition, Biolinked.com reserves the right to terminate the account of a user upon any single infringement of the rights of others in conjunction with use of the Biolinked.com service, or if Biolinked believes that user conduct is harmful to the interests of Biolinked.com, its affiliates, or other users, or for any other reason in Biolinked.com's sole discretion, with or without cause.
4. Registered Users
4.1. Each User who has filled out an on-line registration form on the Site by giving its information (such as name, address, telephone and fax number, email address, details of its business, etc.) is a registered user of Biolinked.com (a "Registered User"). Biolinked.com will establish an account ("Account") for each Registered User and each Registered User will be assigned a user alias ("User ID") and password ("Password") for log-in access to its own Account.
4.2. Biolinked.com may assign a web-based email account with limited storage space for the User to send or receive email (the "Email Account"). The User shall be responsible for all users and the content of all the messages communicated through the Email Account, as well as the consequences of any such message.
4.3. If the Registered User is a business entity, you represent that (a) you have the authority to bind the entity to this Agreement; (b) the address you use when registering is the principal place of business of such business entity; and (c) all other information submitted to Biolinked.com during the registration process is true, accurate, current and complete. For purposes of this provision, a branch or representative office will not be considered a separate entity and its principal place of business will be deemed to be that of its head office.
4.4. By becoming a Registered User, you consent to the inclusion of your personal data in our Global Buyer Database and authorize Biolinked.com to share such information with other Users.
4.5. Biolinked.com may suspend or terminate a Registered User's Account or Email Account at any time by giving no less than 24-hour notice to the Registered User; provided, however, that notice is not required for such termination if (a) in Biolinked.com's determination, there is any breach of the provisions of this Agreement by the Registered User; or (b) Biolinked.com has reasonable grounds to suspect that such information provided by a Registered User is untrue, inaccurate or is not current or complete, or (c) Biolinked believes that the Registered User's actions may cause financial loss or legal liability to such Registered User, Biolinked.com's other Users, or Biolinked.com or its affiliates.
4.6. The Registered User shall not use the Email Account for junk mail, chain letters or spamming or the transmission of any unlawful, harassing, libelous, abusive, threatening, harmful, vulgar, obscene or otherwise objectionable material or any kind or nature. Further, the Registered User shall not use the Email Account to publish, distribute, transmit or circulate any unsolicited advertising or promotional information or any content that is obscene, indecent, seditious, offensive, defamatory, threatening, or which incites or results in causing racial hatred, discrimination, menace or breach of confidence.
4.7. A Registered User may not sell, attempt to sell, offer to sell, give, assign or otherwise transfer an Account, User ID or Password to a third party without the prior written consent of Biolinked.com. Biolinked.com may suspend or terminate the Account of a Registered User or the transferee of a Registered User in the event of a sale, offer to sell, gift, assignment or transfer in violation of this Section.
4.8. Notwithstanding Section 4.1 above, Biolinked.com may refuse registration and deny the issuance of an Account and/or Email Account and associated User ID and Password to any User for whatever reason.
5. Users Who Post Information on Biolinked.com
5.1. You must be a Registered User in order to post information on the Site using the self-help submit and edit tools provided through the Site. Your status as a Registered User is governed by the provisions of Section 4 above.
5.2. No sales agency relationship is created between any User and Biolinked.com, our affiliates, directors, officers or employees by virtue of Biolinked.com's display of any of the User's information on the Site.
5.3. Each User hereby represents, warrants and agrees to (a) provide Biolinked.com with true, accurate, current and complete information to be displayed on the Site and (b) maintain and promptly amend all information to keep it true, accurate, current and complete. Each User hereby grants an irrevocable, perpetual, worldwide and royalty-free, sublicensable (through multiple tiers) license to Biolinked.com to display and use all information provided by such User in accordance with the purposes set forth in this Agreement and to exercise the copyright, publicity, and database rights you have in such material or information, in any media now known or not currently known.
5.4. Each User hereby represents, warrants and agrees that it has obtained all necessary third party copyright, trademark trade secret or patent licenses and permissions, or such other licenses or permissions as may be required in connection with any other personal or proprietary rights of any third party (including but not limited to rights of personality and rights of privacy), for any material or information it posts on the Site or provides to Biolinked.com or authorizes Biolinked.com to display. Third party copyrights, trademarks, trade secret rights, patents and other personal or proprietary rights affecting or relating to material or information displayed on the Site, including but not limited to rights of personality and rights of privacy, or affecting or relating to products that are offered or displayed on the Site, are hereafter referred to as "Third Party Rights." Each User hereby represents, warrants and agrees that it shall be solely responsible for ensuring that any material or information it posts on the Site or provides to Biolinked.com or authorizes Biolinked.com to display does not, and that the products represented thereby do not, violate any Third Party Rights, or is posted with the permission of the owner(s) of such rights. Each User hereby represents, warrants and agrees that it has the right to manufacture, offer, sell, import and distribute the products it offers and displays on the Site, and that such manufacture, offer, sale, importation and/or distribution of those products violates no Third Party Rights.
5.5. Each User hereby represents, warrants and agrees that information submitted to Biolinked.com for display on the Site shall not:
contain fraudulent information or make fraudulent offers of items or involve the sale or attempted sale of counterfeit or stolen items or items whose sales and/or marketing is prohibited by applicable law, or otherwise promote other illegal activities;
be part of a scheme to defraud other Users of the Site or for any other unlawful purpose;
relate to sale of products or services that infringe or otherwise abet or encourage the infringement or violation of any third party's copyright, patent, trademarks, trade secret or other proprietary right or rights of publicity or privacy, or any other Third Party Rights;
violate any applicable law, statute, ordinance or regulation (including without limitation those governing export control, consumer protection, unfair competition, anti-discrimination or false advertising);
be defamatory, libelous, unlawfully threatening or unlawfully harassing;
be obscene or contain or infer any pornography or sex-related merchandising or any other content or otherwise promotes sexually explicit materials or is otherwise harmful to minors;
promote discrimination based on race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation or age;
contain any material that constitutes unauthorized advertising or harassment (including but not limited to spamming), invades anyone's privacy or encourages conduct that would constitute a criminal offence, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any law or regulation;
solicit business from any Users in connection with a commercial activity that competes with Biolinked;
contain any computer viruses or other destructive devices and codes that have the effect of damaging, interfering with, intercepting or expropriating any software or hardware system, data or personal information;
link directly or indirectly to or include descriptions of goods or services that are prohibited under this Agreement; or otherwise create any liability for Biolinked.com or its affiliates.
5.6. Biolinked reserves the right in its sole discretion to remove any material displayed on the Site which it reasonably believes is unlawful, could subject Biolinked.com to liability, violates this Agreement or is otherwise found inappropriate in Biolinked.com's opinion. Biolinked.com reserves the right to cooperate fully with governmental authorities, private investigators and/or injured third parties in the investigation of any suspected criminal or civil wrongdoing. Furthermore, Biolinked.com may disclose the User's identity and contact information, if requested by a government or law enforcement body, an injured third party, or as a result of a subpoena or other legal action, and Biolinked.com shall not be liable for damages or results thereof and User agrees not to bring any action or claim against Biolinked.com for such disclosure. In connection with any of the foregoing, Biolinked.com may suspend or terminate the Account of any User as Biolinked.com deems appropriate in its sole discretion. User agrees that Biolinked.com shall have no liability to User, including no liability for consequential or any other damages, in the event Biolinked.com takes any of the actions mentioned in this Section, and that User agrees to bear the risk that Biolinked.com may take such actions.
6. Transactions between Buyers and Suppliers
6.1. Through the Site, Biolinked.com provides an electronic web-based platform for exchanging information between buyers and suppliers of products and services. Biolinked.com does not represent the seller nor the buyer in specific transactions and does not charge any commissions from completing any transactions. As a result, Biolinked.com does not control and is not liable to or responsible for the quality, safety, lawfulness or availability of the products or services offered for sale on the Site or the ability of the suppliers to complete a sale or the ability of buyers to complete a purchase.
6.2. Users are hereby made aware that there may be risks of dealing with people acting under false pretenses. Biolinked.com uses several techniques to verify the accuracy of the information our users provide us when they register on the Site. However, because user verification on the Internet is difficult, Biolinked.com cannot and does not confirm each User's purported identity. We encourage you to use the various tools available on the Site, as well as common sense, to evaluate with whom you are dealing.
6.3. Each User acknowledges that it is fully assuming the risks of purchase and sale transactions when using the Site to conduct transactions, and that it is fully assuming the risks of liability or harm of any kind in connection with subsequent activity of any kind relating to products or services that are the subject of transactions using the Site. Such risks shall include, but are not limited to, mis-representation of products and services, fraudulent schemes, unsatisfactory quality, failure to meet specifications, defective or dangerous products, unlawful products, delay or default in delivery or payment, cost mis-calculations, breach of warranty, breach of contract and transportation accidents. Such risks also include the risks that the manufacture, importation, distribution, offer, display, purchase, sale and/or use of products or services offered or displayed on the Site may violate or may be asserted to violate Third Party Rights, and the risk that User may incur costs of defense or other costs in connection with third parties' assertion of Third Party Rights, or in connection with any claims by any party that they are entitled to defense or indemnification in relation to assertions of rights, demands or claims by Third Party Rights claimants. Such risks also include the risks that consumers, other purchasers, end-users of products or others claiming to have suffered injuries or harms relating to product originally obtained by Users of the Site as a result of purchase and sale transactions in connection with using the Site may suffer harms and/or assert claims arising from their use of such products. All of the foregoing risks are hereafter referred to as "Transaction Risks.". Each User agrees that Biolinked shall not be liable or responsible for any damages, liabilities, costs, harms, inconveniences, business disruptions or expenditures of any kind that may arise a result of or in connection with any Transaction Risks.
6.4. Users are solely responsible for all of the terms and conditions of the transactions conducted on, through or as a result of use of the Site, including, without limitation, terms regarding payment, returns, warranties, shipping, insurance, fees, taxes, title, licenses, fines, permits, handling, transportation and storage.
6.5. In the event that any User has a dispute with any party to a transaction, such User agrees to release and indemnify Biolinked (and our agents, affiliates, directors, officers and employees) from all claims, demands, actions, proceedings, costs, expenses and damages (including without limitation any actual, special, incidental or consequential damages) arising out of or in connection with such transaction.
7. Limitation of Liability
7.1. The features and services on Biolinked.com site are provided on an “AS IS” and “AS AVAILABLE” Basis, and Biolinked.com hereby expressly disclaims any and all warranties, express or implied, including but not limited to any warranties of condition, quality, durability, performance, Accuracy, reliability, merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. All such warranties, representations, conditions, undertakings and terms are hereby excluded.
7.2. Biolinked makes no representations or warranties about the validity, accuracy, correctness, reliability, quality, stability, completeness or currentness of any information provided on or through the site. Biolinked does not represent or warranty that the manufacture, importation, distribution, offer, display, purchase, sale and/or use of products or services offered or displayed on the site does not violate any third party rights; And Biolinked makes no representations or warranties of any kind concerning any product or service offered or displayed on the Biolinked.com site.
7.3. Any material downloaded or otherwise obtained through the Site is done at each User's sole discretion and risk and each User is solely responsible for any damage to its computer system or loss of data that may result from the download of any such material. No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained by any User from Biolinked.com or through or from the Site shall create any warranty not expressly stated herein.
7.4. Under no circumstances shall Biolinked.com be held liable for an delay or failure or disruption of the content or services delivered through the Site resulting directly or indirectly from acts of nature, forces or causes beyond its reasonable control, including without limitation, Internet failures, computer, telecommunications or any other equipment failures, electrical power failures, strikes, labor disputes, riots, insurrections, civil disturbances, shortages of labor or materials, fires, flood, storms, explosions, Acts of God, war, governmental actions, orders of domestic or foreign courts or tribunals or non-performance of third parties.
7.5. Each User hereby agrees to indemnify and save Biolinked.com, its affiliates, directors, officers and employees harmless, from any and all losses, claims, liabilities (including legal costs on a full indemnity basis) which may arise from such User's use of the Site (including but not limited to the display of such User's information on the Site) or from its breach of any of the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Each User hereby further agrees to indemnify and save Biolinked.com, its affiliates, directors, officers and employees harmless, from any and all losses, claims, liabilities (including legal costs on a full indemnity basis) which may arise from User's breach of any representations and warranties made by User to Biolinked.com, including but not limited to those set forth in Sections 5.3, 5.4 and 5.5 above. Each User hereby further agrees to indemnify and save Biolinked.com, its affiliates, directors, officers and employees harmless, from any and all losses, claims, liabilities (including legal costs on a full indemnity basis) which may arise, directly or indirectly, as a result of any claims asserted by Third Party Rights claimants or other third parties relating to products offered or displayed on the Site. Each User hereby further agrees that Biolinked.com is not responsible and shall have no liability to it, for any material posted by others, including defamatory, offensive or illicit material and that the risk of damages from such material rests entirely with each User. Biolinked.com reserves the right, at its own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, in which event you shall cooperate with Biolinked.com in asserting any available defenses.
7.6. Biolinked.com shall not be liable for any special, direct, indirect, punitive, incidental or consequential damages or any damages whatsoever (including but not limited to damages for loss of profits or savings, business interruption, loss of information), whether in contract, negligence, tort, strict liability or otherwise or any other damages resulting from any of the following:
the use or the inability to use the Site;
any defect in goods, samples, data, information or services purchased or obtained from a User or a third-party service provider through the Site;
violation of Third Party Rights or claims or demands that Users' manufacture, importation, distribution, offer, display, purchase, sale and/or use of products or services offered or displayed on the Site may violate or may be asserted to violate Third Party Rights;
or claims by any party that they are entitled to defense or indemnification in relation to assertions of rights, demands or claims by Third Party Rights claimants;
unauthorized access by third parties to data or private information of any User;
statements or conduct of any User of the Site;
or any matters relating to Premium Services however arising, including negligence.
8. Intellectual Property Rights
8.1. Biolinked.com is the sole owner or lawful licensee of all the rights to the Site and the Biolinked Content. The Site and Biolinked.com Content embody trade secrets and intellectual property rights protected under worldwide copyright and other laws. All title, ownership and intellectual property rights in the Site and Biolinked.com Content shall remain with Biolinked.com, its affiliates or licensors of the Biolinked.com Content, as the case may be. All rights not otherwise claimed under this Agreement or by Biolinked.com are hereby reserved.
8.2. "Biolinked", "Biolinked.com," and related icons and logos are registered trademarks or trademarks or service marks of Biolinked.com in various jurisdictions and are protected under applicable copyright, trademark and other proprietary rights laws. The unauthorized copying, modification, use or publication of these marks is strictly prohibited.
9. Notices
9.1. All notices or demands to or upon Biolinked shall be effective if in writing and shall be duly made when sent to Biolinked in the following manner: to Biolinked.com, Duga ulica 10, 32100 Vinkovci, Croatia, Europe
9.2. All notices or demands to or upon a User shall be effective if either delivered personally, sent by courier, certified mail, by facsimile or email to the last-known correspondence, fax or email address provided by the User to Biolinked.com, or by posting such notice or demand on an area of the Site that is publicly accessible without a charge. Notice to a User shall be deemed to be received by such User if and when Biolinked.com is able to demonstrate that communication, whether in physical or electronic form, has been sent to such User, or immediately upon Biolinked.com's posting such notice on an area of the Site that is publicly accessible without charge.
10. General
10.1. Subject to any additional agreements relating to Premium Membership Services, this Agreement and the Privacy Policy constitute the entire agreement between the User and Biolinked.com with respect to access to and use of the Site, superseding any prior written or oral agreements in relation to the same subject matter herein.
10.2. Biolinked.com and the User are independent contractors, and no agency, partnership, joint venture, employee-employer or franchiser-franchisee relationship is intended or created by this Agreement.
10.3. If any provision herein is held to be invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be struck and the remaining provisions shall be enforced.
10.4. Headings are for reference purposes only and in no way define, limit, construe or describe the scope or extent of such section.
10.5. Biolinked.com's failure to enforce any right or failure to act with respect to any breach by a User under these terms and conditions will not waive that right nor waives Biolinked.com's right to act with respect with subsequent or similar breaches.
10.6. Biolinked shall have the right to assign its obligations and duties in this Agreement and in any agreement relating to Premium Services to any person or entity.
10.7. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the location of Biolinked.com Headquater without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
The parties to this Agreement hereby submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the location of Biolinked.com Headquater.
Copyright Notice
Biolinked.com's Copyright Notice
Biolinked.com ("Biolinked.com") respects and rigorously abides by intellectual property laws. Accordingly, Biolinked.com rightfully expects the same of all parties who use this www.Biolinked.com website ("Site"). Biolinked.com is owner or lawful licensees of all content (including but not limited to designs, logos, color schemes, graphic styles, text, images and videos) displayed on this website. Any unauthorized copying, publication, reproduction or distribution of copyrighted works is an infringement of the copyright owners' rights and is therefore prohibited.
Any unauthorized use of Biolinked.com's patents, trademarks, service marks, logos, slogans, screen shots, graphic styles, designs, copyrighted materials or any branded features ("Biolinked Proprietary Property") without the prior written permission of Biolinked.com is strictly prohibited. If you infringe upon Biolinked.com's rights with respect to any Biolinked Proprietary Property, you will be ordered to cease such illegal activity and you will be strictly liable to Biolinked.com for any and all damages (including recovery of attorneys' fees) which may be suffered and/or incurred as a result of your infringement.
If you are a legitimate copyright owner who believes that your rights have been infringed upon in any way through the content or services provided on this website, please notify us.
About BioLinked
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Contact Us
Tell Us What Yout Think
Copyright Notice © 2020 BioLinked.com. All Rights Reserved