https://www.espeakers.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
eSpeakers has created this privacy statement to demonstrate our firm commitment to protecting your privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and processing practices for this website: www.espeakers.com
Summary
Some of the information you post or upload to eSpeakers may be seen by others, depending on your privacy settings.
We aggregate and de-identify certain information about our members to use for business purposes.
We give you several ways to control the privacy of your personal information.
eSpeakers respects your privacy about the data you store on our websites and related mobile applications and services (collectively, the “Services”). This privacy policy (the “Privacy Policy”) explains the information we collect, how we use and share it, how to manage your privacy settings and your rights in connection with the Services.
eSpeakers is headquartered in American Fork, Utah and our Services are provided to you by eSpeakers.com, Inc. If you are a resident of the European Union (“EU”), eSpeakers.com, Inc. is the controller of your personal data for the purposes of the EU data protection law.
Unless otherwise indicated, this Privacy Policy does not apply to third-party products or services or the practices of companies we do not own or control, including other companies you might interact with on or through the Services.
Questions or comments about this Privacy Policy may be submitted by mail to the address below:
eSpeakers.com, Inc.
55 Merchant Street #1129
American Fork, UT 84003
United States
We Collect, Use, Share, and Otherwise Process Information
eSpeakers relies on a number of legal bases to collect, use, share and otherwise process the information we have about you for purposes described in this Privacy Policy, including:
as necessary to provide the Services and fulfill our obligations pursuant to the Terms of Service. For example, we cannot provide the Services unless we collect and use information about a speaker’s profile, or an event managers meeting;
where you consented to processing, which you can revoke at any time. For example, you may consent to receiving certain types of marketing email;
where necessary to comply with a legal obligation, a court order, or to exercise and defend legal claims;
where you have made information public; and
where necessary for the purposes of eSpeakers’ or a third-party’s legitimate interests, such as those of visitors, members, or partners.
Our Legitimate Interests
We process your information in furtherance of our legitimate interests, including:
providing and improving the Services. We do so as it is necessary to pursue our legitimate interests in providing innovative and tailored offerings to our members and
keeping the Services safe and secure. We do so as it is necessary to pursue the legitimate interests of eSpeakers and its members in ensuring the Services are secure, to protect against fraud, spam, and abuse, etc.
Information eSpeakers Collects
eSpeakers collects information about you, including information that directly or indirectly identifies you, if you choose to share it with eSpeakers. We receive information in a few different ways, including when you enter information about yourself or engage in the process of hiring a speaker for a meeting. eSpeakers also collects information about how you use the Services. There are also several opportunities for you to share the information about yourself and your speaker-related business activities with eSpeakers. For example:
We collect basic account information such as your name, email address, username and password that helps us secure and provide you with access to our Services.
Profile and event information is collected about speakers when you choose to complete your speaker’s profile (which might include a photo, biographical information about yourself, descriptions of your speaking topics, video and other multimedia, recommendations that others have made about you) or use our calendaring system to enter and track your speaking engagements.
Meeting and speaker need information is collected about event organizers who are seeking to connect and engage a speaker using our Services.
You can choose to add your contact’s information to connect with your contacts and send them information about your speaking schedule, parts of your marketing material, or to collaborate on speakers for your upcoming event. If you choose to use these features, eSpeakers will access and store your contacts’ information in accordance with your instructions. But submitting such contact information, you confirm you have the authority to use and share such information.
We gather information about events where speakers are booked or may be booked, including soliciting reviews about the speaker’s performance.
When you make a payment on eSpeakers, you may provide payment information, such as your payment card, bank account, or other payment details. We use Payment Card Industry compliant third-party payments services and we do not store your credit card or bank account information.
eSpeakers allows you to sign up and log in to the Services using accounts you create with third-party products and services, such as Facebook, Google, or LinkedIn (collectively, “Third-Party Accounts”). If you access the Services with Third-Party Accounts we will collect information that you have agreed to make available, such as your name, email address, profile information and preferences with the applicable Third-Party Account. This information is collected by the Third-Party Account provider and is provided to eSpeakers under their privacy policies. You can generally control the information that we receive from these sources using the privacy settings in you Third-Party Account.
To help us to provide you with the best possible service, you can choose to provide us with your contact information so that we can better respond to your support requests and comments. Your contact information is also used to facilitate a booking transaction between a speaker and an event organizer.
We also obtain additional third party information for potential customers of ours or of our speakers. This information is obtained under the privacy policies of the providing third party.
We collect information from your browser, computer, or mobile device, which provides us with technical information when you access or use the Services. This technical information includes device and network information, cookies, log files and analytics information.
Cookies and Similar Technologies
When you visit the Services, a cookie will be stored on your computer. Generally, cookies and similar technologies work by assigning to your browser or device a unique number that has no meaning outside of eSpeakers. eSpeakers uses these technologies to personalize and enhance your experience. Additionally, after you’ve entered your username and password during a session on the Services, eSpeakers saves that information so you don’t have to re-enter it repeatedly during a session. Not accepting cookies will make certain, possibly vital, features of the Services unavailable to you. eSpeakers may also use your IP address to identify you, to administer the Services, and to assist in diagnosing problems with eSpeakers’ servers.
Log Files
The Services use log files. The stored information includes IP addresses, browser type, referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and information about what was clicked on screen. This information is used to analyze trends, administer, protect and secure the Services, track member movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. eSpeakers uses a third-party analytics platform (Google Analytics) to process and analyze this data as well as storing on our servers. Log files are retained for undefined periods of time ranging from one hour to indefinitely.
How eSpeakers Uses Information
eSpeakers uses the information we collect and receive to administer and operate the Services and as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. For example, we use your speaker profile information to display your marketing profile on our website and the websites of partners (unless you use your privacy settings to restrict that). Subject to your privacy settings, your speaker information, including your profile, photos, list of upcoming or past event dates and locations may be shared as a part of your speaker marketing profile and sent via email to help market and promote you as a speaker.
For event organizers seeking speakers, and subject to the settings you select when you post a speaking need, we may advertise your speaking need on job board so that members who are speakers can see it and communicate with you about it.
We also use your information to analyze, develop and improve the Services. To do that, eSpeakers may use third party analytics providers to gain insights into how our Services are used and to help us improve the Services. We may also use your information to market the Services, credit or accept payments, provide support related to the Services, protect members and enforce our Terms of Service and communicate with you.
eSpeakers may de-identify or aggregate the content you make available in connection with the Services, in ways that do not personally identify you. Examples of such aggregated information or statistical data include information about the speaking industry, including the months that events are most likely to be held that need speakers, in what cities speakers are speaking the most, common fee ranges for certain topics, and the most popular topics being requested by event organizers. Please visit your privacy settings if you do not want your information to be included in the aggregate.
We use your information to communicate with you about the Services, send you marketing communications (where you have agreed to receive such messages), or let you know about new features or updates to our Terms of Service or Privacy Policies. We also use your information to respond to you when you contact us.
How Information Is Shared
Service Providers
We may share your information with third parties who provide services to eSpeakers such as supporting and improving the Services, promoting the Services, processing payment, or fulfilling orders. These service providers will only have the information necessary to perform these limited functions on our behalf and are required to protect and secure your information. We may also engage service providers to collect information about your use of the Services over time on our behalf so that we or they may promote eSpeakers or display information that may be relevant to your interests on the Services or other websites or services.
Publicly Available Information
Subject to your privacy settings, parts of your information and content may be publicly accessible. For users who are speakers and enter their marketing profile into the Services, that profile will be shared by default unless you instruct us otherwise using the privacy settings.
Third Party Business via API or Other Integrations
When you choose to use third party apps, plugins, or websites that integrate with the Services, they may receive your information and content, including your personal information. Information collected by these third-parties is subject to their terms and policies. eSpeakers is not responsible for the terms or policies of third parties.
Affiliates and Acquirers of our Business or Assets
We may share your information with affiliates under common control with us, who are required to comply with the terms of this Privacy Policy with regard to your information. If eSpeakers becomes involved in a business combination, securities offering, bankruptcy, reorganization, dissolution or other similar action, we may share or transfer your information in connection with such transaction.
Association Partners
For users who are speakers and have entered information for their public profile, we may share specific parts of your speaker profile with the speaker associations you belong to. Your public profile data will only be shared with the associations you are identified as being a member of. The information shared includes only data publicly available on your speaking profile.
Legal Requirements
We may preserve and share your information with third parties, including law enforcement, public or governmental agencies, or private litigants, within or outside your country of residence, if we determine that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with the law, including to respond to court orders, warrants, subpoenas, or other legal or regulatory process. We may also retain, preserve or disclose your information if we determine that disclosure is reasonably  necessary or appropriate to prevent any person from death or serious bodily injury, to address issues of national security or other issues of public importance, to prevent or detect violations of our Terms of Service or fraud or abuse of eSpeakers of its members, or to protect our operations or our property or other legal rights, including by disclosure to our legal counsel and other consultants and third parties in connection with actual or potential litigation.
How We Protect Information
We take several measures to safeguard the collection, transmission, and storage of the data we collect. Although we strive to employ reasonable protections for your information that are appropriate to its sensitivity, we do not guarantee or warrant the security of the information you share with us and we are not responsible for the theft, destruction, loss or inadvertent disclosure of your information or content, or any business losses caused by the same. No system is 100% secure. The Services use industry-standard Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology to allow for the encryption of personal information and payment information, including credit card numbers. eSpeakers engages a company that is an industry leader in online security to verify and strengthen the security of eSpeakers Services. The Services are registered with site identification authorities so that your browser can confirm eSpeakers’ identity before any personally identifiable information is sent. In addition, eSpeakers’ secure servers protect this information using advanced firewall technology.
To help ensure that these measures are effective in preventing unauthorized access to your private information, you should be aware of the security features available to you through your browser. You should use a security-enabled browser to submit your payment information and other personal information at the Services. Please note that if you do not use an SSL-capable browser, you are at risk for having data intercepted, and additionally may not be able to access parts of the Services.
Most browsers can notify you if you change between secure and insecure communications, receive invalid services identification information for the Services you are communication with, or send information over an unsecured connection. eSpeakers recommends that you enable these browser functions to help ensure that your communications are secure. You can also monitor the URL of the services you are visiting (secure URLs begin with https:// rather than http://), along with the security symbol of your browser to help identify when you are communicating with a secure server. You can also view the details of the security certificate of the services to which you are connected. Please check the validity of any Services you connect to using secure communications.
Disclaimer
While eSpeakers continues to work hard to protect your personal information, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be absolutely secure, and eSpeakers cannot warrant the security of any information you transmit to eSpeakers. Transmitting personal information is done at your own risk.
Harvesting / scraping contact information
The eSpeakers website publishes information about its subscribers (speakers, trainers, coaches) at their request through a variety of our own and partner websites. This information is for use only by those considering using their professional services.
Automated or manual “harvesting” or “scraping” of contact information in bulk or for marketing purposes is expressly forbidden.
Managing Your Settings
Privacy Settings
eSpeakers offers several features and settings to help you manage your privacy and how you share your profile, event schedule, or need for a speaker. Most privacy settings are located on your privacy settings page.
Adjust Notification and Email Preferences
eSpeakers offers various ways to manage the notifications you receive. You can choose to stop receiving certain emails and notifications by indicating your preference in the account settings for your username. You may also unsubscribe by following the instructions contained at the bottom of most types of email. Any administrative or service-related emails (to confirm a purchase or to communicate with a buyer or seller about a transaction, or an update to this Privacy Policy or the Terms of Service, etc.) generally do not offer an option to unsubscribe as they are necessary to provide the Services you requested.
Updating Account Information
You may correct, amend or update your profile or account information that is inaccurate at any time by adjusting that information in your account or profile settings. If you need further assistance, please contact eSpeakers at https://espeakers.com/support. eSpeakers will generally respond to your request within 7-10 business days.
Deleting Information and Accounts
You may request that your account is deleted by making a written request via email or online form as provided at https://espeakers.com/support. Once deleted, your data, including your profile, calendar or speaking jobs cannot be reinstated.
Note that your public profile, as displayed on eSpeakers’ website or the websites of partners may be displayed in search engine results until the search engine refreshes its cache.
EU Member’s Rights
If you are habitually located in the European Union, you have the right to access, rectify, download or erase your information, as well as the right to restrict and object to certain processing of your information. While some of these rights apply generally, certain rights apply only in specific limited circumstances. We describe these rights below:
Access and Porting
You can access much of your information by logging into your account. If you require additional access or if you are not an eSpeakers member, contact us at https://espeakers.com/support.
Rectify, Restrict, Limit, Delete
You can also rectify, restrict, limit or delete much of your information by logging into your account. For complete account deletion contact eSpeakers via one of the methods on https://espeakers.com/support. eSpeakers generally responds to requests within 10-14 business days.
Object
Where we process your information based on our legitimate interests explained above, or in the public interest, you can object to this processing in certain circumstances. In such cases, we will cease processing your information unless we have compelling legitimate grounds to continue processing or where it is needed for legal reasons.
Revoke Consent
Where you have previously provided your consent, such as to permit us to send you marketing emails, you have the right to withdraw your consent to the processing of your information at any time. For example, you can withdraw your consent by updating your account email preferences. In certain cases, we may continue to process your information after you have withdrawn consent if we have a legal basis to do so or if your withdrawal of consent was limited to certain processing activities.
Complain
Should you wish to raise a concern about our use of your information (and with prejudice to any other rights you may have), you have the right to do so with your local supervisory authority.
Transfers
The Services are operated from the United States. If you are located outside of the United States and choose to use the Services to provide information to us, you acknowledge and understand that your information be transferred, processed and stored in the United States, as it is necessary to provide the Services and perform the Terms of Service. United States privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction.
Retention of Information
We retain information as long as it is necessary to provide the Services to you and others, and for our own archival records, subject to any legal obligations to further retain such information. Information associated with your account will generally be kept until you ask us to delete it. Following the deletion of your account, it may take up to 30 days to fully delete your personal information and system logs from our systems. Additionally, we may retain information from deleted accounts to comply with the law, prevent fraud, collect fees, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, assist with investigations, enforce the Terms of Service and take other actions permitted by law. The information we retain is handled in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Information about you that is no longer necessary and relevant to provide our Services may be de-identified and aggregated with other non-personal data to provide insights which are commercially valuable to eSpeakers, such as statistics of the use of the Services.
Other eSpeakers Sites
eSpeakers maintains certain websites that can be accessed outside of https://espeakers.com both under our own brand and under partner brands that we perform Services for (the “Other Sites”). Some of these sites may be hosted by outside service providers with their own terms and privacy policies. If you interact with the Other Sites, your information may be stored, processed, or shared outside of the Services. If you interact with the Other Sites, you acknowledge that you may be subject to the terms and conditions and policies applicable to such Other Site. Please be aware that any personal information you submit to the Other Site may be read, collected, or used by other users of these forums indefinitely, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. eSpeakers is not responsible for the personal information you choose to submit via the Other Sites.
Our compliance with certain laws
California Online Privacy Protection Act
According to CalOPPA, we agree to the following:
Users can visit our site anonymously, although not all services are available without registration.
Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page or as a minimum, on the first significant page after entering our website.
Our Privacy Policy link includes the word ‘Privacy’ and can be easily be found on the page specified above.
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
We do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old.
CAN SPAM Act
We collect your email address in order to:
Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions
Process orders and to send information and updates pertaining to orders.
Send you additional information related to your product and/or service
Market to our mailing list or continue to send emails to our clients after the original transaction has occurred.
To be in accordance with CANSPAM, we agree to the following:
Not use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.
Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way.
Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters.
Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.
Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.
Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email.
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us at support -at – espeakers.com and we will promptly remove you from all marketing correspondence. If you would like to be removed from ALL correspondence, you will need to cancel your eSpeakers account, as email is an integral part of the services we provide our customers.
Privacy Policy Information
eSpeakers reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time and with prior notice. Please review it occasionally. If eSpeakers makes changes to this Privacy Policy, the updated Privacy Policy will be posted on the Services in a timely manner and, if we make material changes, we will provide a prominent notice by one or more of the following methods:
email
‘tip of the day’ in our applications
notice on the home page of our website
phone
If you object to any of the changes to this Privacy Policy, you should stop using the Services and delete your account.
Version 3.1 | June 25, 2019
55 Merchant St. #1129
American Fork, UT 84003
888.377.3214
support@espeakers.com
Useful LinksSpeakers
Event Organizers
Publish a Directory
Our concern for your privacy
About eSpeakers
From the Blog
Choosing the Best Virtual Event Software
December 4, 2020
5 Virtual Event Best Practices You Can’t Miss
November 20, 2020
How to Grow Your Email List with Webinars and Beyond
November 6, 2020
About us eSpeakers began in 1999 to bring enterprise-quality tools to the professional speaking industry. Since then, eSpeakers has become the place where the speaking industry does business on the web.
©2019 eSpeakers.com, Inc. All rights reserved.