https://www.munichre.com/us-life/en/general/privacy-statement.html
Home
Privacy Statement
Website Privacy & Security Statement
Munich Re Life US takes the privacy of visitors to our website and the security of their information very seriously. We provide this Privacy and Security Statement ("Statement") because you have the right to know what information we collect, how it is protected and used, and the circumstances under which it may be disclosed. If you have further questions regarding this Statement, please contact us:
by email at: Legal_info@munichre.com and include your name and telephone number or email or postal address so that we can contact you; or
by phone at 770.350.3200; or
by letter to us at: Munich American Reassurance Company, 56 Perimeter Center East, Atlanta, GA 30346. Please include your name and mailing address or telephone number so that we can contact you.
To whom this statement applies
This Statement only applies to Munich Re Life US.
What information do we collect and for what purposes? When you access this website, certain information (e.g. your computers IP address, date, time) is automatically stored in our server’s log files, backed up, and stored temporarily in accordance with our data recovery policies and for data security purposes (e.g. in order to identify and trace any persons gaining or attempting to gain unauthorized access to the web server). In addition to collecting the IP addresses of visitors to our Web page, we collect the email addresses of those who communicate with us via email, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, visit-specific information on what pages visitors access or visit, information volunteered by the visitor, such as survey information and/or site registrations, name and address, telephone number, fax number.
How we use your personal information
We use your personal information to respond to and fulfill your requests for Munich Re Life US'  products and services and to market our products and services, including:
to correspond with you in regarding a document or information you have specifically requested
to send you our email newsletter(s);
to improve our web site and customer service
We treat with strictest confidence any personal details sent when you access our public website. If you send us an email or complete and submit the online forms on our website, your personal data (including your name and email address) will be used only for our correspondence with you in order to send you the requested documents or information or for any other purpose stipulated on the individual form.
The information we share and who we share it with
Munich Re Life US does not rent or sell its email address lists. We may share segments of your personal information with our affiliated entities as necessary to complete a transaction that you specifically request. For example, if you request a report or publication, or if you complete and submit a feedback form as a result of your business dealings with us, we may share information about those transactions with your account manager or with our affiliates. We do this in hopes that we can continually improve our service to you.
In some instances, we share your company name (but not your name or personal contact information) with agents or contractors who assist in providing support for our internal operations.
The information we collect may be disclosed when legally required to do so, at the request of governmental authorities or regulatory agencies conducting an investigation, to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our website and applicable laws or to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our website and shared with associates in response to specific inquiries.
How you can control email communications you receive from us
You have the opportunity to choose to receive email communications such as our newsletters and/or notices when certain content, such as publications and reports, are added to our website. If you choose to receive such communications, you have the opportunity to un-subscribe to those communications at any time. To un-subscribe, simply click the unsubscribe link in any of the email communications you receive. Or, contact us directly by telephone, mail or email at the addresses listed on this page.
Other Types of Information We Gather, How It Is Used and Our Use of Gifs and Cookies
We use technology to collect anonymous, non-personal information that indicates how our site is used by visitors. We use this information to improve our site, for example by enhancing pages or features that are visited frequently, and on occasion we may share this information with our affiliates or other third party companies to help us plan for technical improvements to our website. This information will not identify you or any other user of our website as an individual.
We use clear gifs in our HTML-based e-mails to let us know which e-mails the recipients have opened.
Our website is operated by “Munich Reinsurance Company”.  You will therefore find information on the use of cookies in the relevant data protection declaration.
Please click here https://www.munichre.com/en/general/privacy.html.
How we strive to protect personal information
Munich Re Life US has implemented a variety of security technologies and procedures to protect information stored in our computer systems from unauthorized access. We also maintain procedural safeguards that restrict access to your personal information to employees (or people working on our behalf and under confidentiality agreements) who need to know your personal information in order to provide the products and services that you request.
Links to other sites
We provide links to affiliated and non-affiliated entities and on occasion to other sites we think you may find useful. These sites operate independently of Munich Re Life US and have established their own privacy and security policies. For the best online experience, we encourage you to review these policies before submitting any personal information through these sites.
Consent to transfer
This website is operated in the United States. Please be aware that any information you provide to us will be transferred to the United States. By using this web site and/or providing us with your personal information through this web site, you consent to this transfer.
Updates to this statement
We will update this privacy statement from time to time to reflect changes in our business. If we change how we use your personal information or the purposes or entities for and to which we disclose your personal information we will post the policy change in this privacy statement on our website.
Last update of this page: November 2020
Further Information
Global Privacy Statement
Legal Notice
Reset all filters
results
Load next results
Rechtlicher Hinweis
Die gewünschte Information bezieht sich auf Finanzinstrumente, Wertpapiere oder diesbezügliche Angebote, die nicht in oder in die Vereinigten Staaten, Kanada, Australien oder Japan und von US-Bürgern (gemäß der Definition in der Regulation S des US Securities Act 1933) angeboten werden, noch in und von diesen Ländern bzw. US-Bürgern akzeptiert werden dürfen. Folglich wurden diese Finanzinstrumente oder Wertpapiere sowie diesbezügliche Angebote (i) weder nach dem Amerikanischen Wertpapiergesetz noch nach einem Gesetz eines US-Bundesstaates registriert; (ii) diese Finanzinstrumente oder Wertpapiere dürfen nicht direkt oder indirekt in oder in die Vereinigten Staaten angeboten, verkauft, wiederverkauft, verpfändet oder geliefert werden, es sei denn, es liegt eine Befreiung von den Registrierungsanforderungen des Amerikanischen Wertpapiergesetzes vor; und (iii) solche Finanzinstrumente oder Wertpapiere können dem US-Steuerrecht unterliegen. Keine der hierin enthaltenen Unterlagen begründet ein Verkaufsangebot oder eine Aufforderung eines Angebots zum Kauf von Finanzinstrumenten oder Wertpapieren in den Vereinigten Staaten, Kanada, Australien oder Japan bzw. an US-Bürger oder in eine andere Rechtsordnung, in der ein solches Angebot oder dessen Einholung rechtswidrig ist. Personen, die ein Angebot annehmen möchten, dürfen weder die Post der Vereinigten Staaten, Kanadas, Australiens oder Japans oder irgendein Mittel oder Instrument (wie z.B. Faxübertragung, Telex oder Telefon) des Zwischenstaatlichen- oder Außenhandels, noch irgendwelche Einrichtungen einer inländischen Wertpapierbörse der Vereinigten Staaten, Kanadas, Australiens oder Japans für irgendeinen Zweck benutzen, der direkt oder indirekt mit der Annahme eines Angebots zusammenhängt. Annahmen oder andere sich auf ein Angebot beziehende Unterlagen dürfen nicht postalisch in den Vereinigten Staaten, Kanada, Australien oder Japan frankiert oder abgestempelt werden. Alle Personen, die ein Angebot annehmen möchten, müssen eine Adresse außerhalb der USA, Kanada, Japan und Australien für den Erhalt jeglicher Finanzinstrumente oder Wertpapiere angeben. Darüber hinaus wird von jedem Inhaber der relevanten Finanzinstrumente oder Wertpapieren angenommen, dem Emittenten dargelegt zu haben, dass (i) er kein US-Bürger ist und (ii) dass er diese Finanzinstrumente oder Wertpapiere nicht auf Rechnung eines US-Bürgers erwirbt.
Weder die in diesen Seiten enthaltenen Informationen, noch irgendeine Meinungsäußerung begründen ein Angebot oder eine Aufforderung, Finanzinstrumente oder Wertpapiere in irgendeiner Rechtsordnung zu erwerben. Jegliches Angebot oder jegliche Aufforderung wird nur in Unterlagen gemacht, die dafür rechtzeitig veröffentlicht werden; und jegliches Angebot und jegliche Aufforderung ist beschränkt auf die in diesen Unterlagen bereitgestellten Informationen.
Please scroll and read to the very bottom, before you can confirm.
Confirm
Back