http://www.scefcu.org/privacy-disclosures
Skip to main content
Skip to main content
Announcements Bar
Coronavirus Notification - orange
Get the latest updates on our response to COVID-19 here!
Informational Links/Language Switcher
Language switcher
EnglishEspañol
Leaderboard Navigation
Icon Menu
Contact Us
ATMs & Branches
800.866.6474
Search
Log In
Routing # 322280032
Navbar
Highlighted
Basic Elements - Banner
Basic Elements - Banner:Unpublished Preview
Main Content
PERSONAL INFORMATION
FACTS
WHAT DOES SCE FEDERAL CREDIT UNION (SCE FCU) DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or services you have with us. This information can include:
Social Security number and income
account balances and payment history
credit history and credit scores
When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
How?
All financial companies need to share members’ personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their members’ personal information; the reasons SCE FCU chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does SCE FCU Share?
Can you limit this sharing?
For our everyday business purposes – such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes – to offer our products and services to you
Yes
No
For joint marketing with other financial companies
No
No
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes – information about your transactions and experiences
Yes
No
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes – information about your creditworthiness
No
No
For our affiliates to market to you
No
No
For nonaffiliates to market to you
No
No
To limit our sharing
Questions?
Call 800.866.6474 or send us an email.
How does SCE FCU protect my personal information?
What we do
How does SCE FCU protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. The measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.
How does SCE FCU collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you
open an account or deposit money
pay your bills or apply for a loan
use your credit or debit card
We also collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus, affiliates, or other companies.
Why can’t I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only
sharing for affiliates’ everyday business purposes – information about your creditworthiness
affiliates from using your information to market to you
sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing.
Affiliates
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
SCE FCU’s affiliates include financial companies such as Community Mortgage Funding and Member Advantage Insurance Services.
Nonaffiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
SCE FCU does not share with nonaffiliates so they can market to you.
Joint marketing
A formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
SCE FCU does not jointly market.
Basic Elements - Legal Text
Sidebar Header
Revised June 2020
Open Account
join the credit union
Sidebar Text
ADA Compliance Info(mobile)
ADA Compliance, Info
If you’re using a screen reader or other auxiliary aid and having problems using this website, please call 800.866.6474 for assistance.