http://www.epitaph.com/contact/privacy-policy
Epitaph
Artists
Releases
Tours
YouTube
News
Shop
Hamburger
A Day To Remember
Adult Mom
Alkaline Trio
Architects
Ariel View
Bad Religion
Bad Suns
Bring Me The Horizon
Cold Hart
Converge
Culture Abuse
Danny Elfman
Defeater
Desaparecidos
Descendents
DREGG
Dropkick Murphys
Early Eyes
Every Time I Die
Fake Names
Falling In Reverse
Frank Turner
Grade 2
Greer
guccihighwaters
Hot Water Music
HUNNY
Indii G.
Joe Strummer And The Mescaleros
John K. Samson
Joyce Manor
Justin Courtney Pierre
KidsNextDoor
La Dispute
letlive.
LiL Lotus
LOWLIFE
Mannequin Pussy
Matchbook Romance
Millencolin
Motion City Soundtrack
Nascar Aloe
Off With Their Heads
Parkway Drive
Pennywise
Pianos Become The Teeth
Plague Vendor
Propagandhi
Quicksand
Raised Fist
Rancid
RAT BOY
RebUke
Refused
Remo Drive
Retox
Saosin
Save Face
Sleeping With Sirens
Smrtdeath
Social Distortion
Teenage Wrist
The All-American Rejects
The Blood Brothers
The Frights
The Garden
The Ghost Inside
The Hives
The Interrupters
The Lawrence Arms
The Menzingers
The Offspring
The Sidekicks
The World is a Beautiful Place & I am No Longer Afraid to Die
THICK
This Wild Life
Thrice
Thursday
Too Close To Touch
Touché Amoré
The Weakerthans
See All Artists
Artists
Releases
Tours
YouTube
News
Shop
Privacy Policy
EPITAPH recognizes and respects the privacy of users who visit this Site and has created this Privacy Policy to demonstrate our commitment to your privacy. We are committed to providing you with services that you are confident in using. We want you to be fully informed about the information that we collect, why we collect it, and with whom we share it. It is our hope that, after reading this notice, you will understand our commitment to privacy and be confident that we will use your information responsibly. By accessing this Site or otherwise using EPITAPH's services, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy will change from time to time to reflect changes in how we do business and changes in services available to you through our Site. We show the effective date at the end of the Privacy Policy. You may access the most recent policy by clicking on the "Privacy Policy" link on our home page. We encourage you to check our privacy policy from time to time.
We collect and use information about you where we reasonably believe it will help us administer our site or provide products, services or other opportunities to you. Among other things, we use the information we learn about you to help us personalize and improve the experience you have with us, to respond to your requests and to communicate with you. The types of information we collect, retain and use include the following:
Site Use InformationIn general you are free to visit our Site anonymously, without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself. Our web servers may track and collect the domain names and IP addresses of visitors and this information may be aggregated to measure the number of visits, average time spent on the Site, pages viewed, etc. We may use this information ("behavior profiles") to measure the use of our Site and to improve the content we offer. We may share with third parties experiential information or other data which does not personally identify users of our Site. This might include artist, product or service preferences of all visitors to our Site, for example.
Personally Identifiable Information
You are not required to register in order to access our Site. However, you may choose to register on our Site to be able to access to certain portions of our Site by providing a username and password (which you select) along with certain personally identifiable information including your email address and ZIP code ("Personally Identifiable Information"). If you choose to subscribe to our mailing list we will collect your email address and ZIP code. You can subscribe to our mailing list to receive periodic newsletters about our artists without registering on the Site. The information we collect helps us to identify you and to personalize our services to you. When you register on our Site your email address, username and password may be linked and they will be stored on the Company's servers in the United States or the servers of our third party providers. If you send us an email, our email server will store your email address for a limited amount of time and then delete it. EPITAPH does not collect any other information about you on line which would personally identify you other than described in this Privacy Policy.
Community Forums
This Site may make available to you chat rooms, bulletin boards, forums or other community functions. Please be aware that any information you post in any of these community areas immediately becomes public information and EPITAPH is not responsible to protect that information from access by third parties. As a result, please use caution before posting any personal information in any of these community forums. You use community forums at your own risk.
How We Use Your Information
By providing Personally Identifiable Information to us, you explicitly agree to our collection and use of that information as described in this Privacy Policy. We may use your Personally Identifiable Information to respond to your inquiries, to contact you regarding special announcements, to send you our newsletter, to let you know about artists, products or services which may be of interest to you, or for other purposes. We use your ZIP code to provide information about events in your area. To help us determine whether you have received an email from us, and to help us make emails more useful and interesting, we may receive a confirmation that you have opened an email from us.
Cookies
Like many web sites we use "cookies" to identify your computer and to enable us to remember your password, to help us identify the portions of our Site that may be the most relevant for your needs, and to help us identify other products or services that may be of interest to you or others. A cookie is a small piece of information that a web site can store on your web browser and then retrieve at a later time. We use cookies to track the portions of our Site you visit. However, we do NOT use cookies to examine your surfing behavior before or after you leave our Site. There are products commercially available that are designed to help you disable cookies. Although we want you to be aware that such products exist, please note that if you choose to use them we will not be able to provide you with a personalized service, and it may result in certain features and services not being available to you.
Sharing Non-Personally Identifiable Information
We may share with third parties information, including behavior profiles, which is based on our experiential or other data which does not personally identify any of our users. We may share this non-personally identifiable information with our agents, outside vendors or third parties who perform functions on our behalf (such as providing marketing or customer assistance).
Sharing Personally Identifiable Information
We are not in the business of selling, renting or sharing your Personally Identifiable Information to or with others. While we may share your Personally Identifiable Information with our affiliated companies, we do not reveal Personally Identifiable Information about you to unaffiliated third parties, unless: (1) you request or authorize it; (2) the information is provided to help complete a transaction for you; (3) the information is provided to comply with the law, applicable regulations, court orders or subpoenas, to enforce our Terms of Use or other agreements, or to protect our rights, property or safety or the rights, property or safety of our users or others (e.g., to a consumer reporting agency for fraud protection etc.); (4) the disclosure is done as part of a purchase, transfer or sale of services or assets (e.g., in the event that substantially all of our assets are acquired by another party, customer information may be one of the transferred assets); or (5) the information is provided to our agents, outside vendors or service providers to perform functions on our behalf (e.g., analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, providing customer service, etc.).
Child Privacy
Because of the nature of our business, our products and services are not designed to appeal to children, and therefore we do not knowingly attempt to solicit or receive any information from children. Our terms and conditions of use require that any registration may only be made by those over the age of 16. By using our services, you are representing that you are at least 16 years of age or have the permission from a parent or legal guardian to use our service. If we know that information is being provided by a child under the age of 16, the we will not collect the information without parental consent or parent notification, which will include the opportunity for the parent to prevent the use of the information or to prevent the child's participation in the activity. Without parental consent, online information will only be used to respond to an unsolicited request and for no other purposes. We recognize that protecting children's identities and privacy online is important and that the responsibility to do so rests with both the online industry and with parents.We encourage parents or guardians to monitor the use of this Site by children to insure that they are not exposed to material that the parent or guardian may find objectionable. Parents are also encouraged to use parental control capabilities within their internet software to assist in their efforts to limit access to certain sites.
Access to Your Information
You may choose to remove your email address from our mailing list or to cancel your registration by checking the "Unsubscribe" box on the registration form or on the mailing list subscription form. If you believe that any of the information is incorrect, please simply "Unsubscribe" on either the registration or mailing list form and re-subscribe with the correct information.While we take reasonable measures to prevent the loss or misuse of the information that you provide to us, including but not limited to, your Personally Identifiable Information, due to factors beyond our control, we do not guarantee that your Personally Identifiable Information or any other information collected by us will be completely secure from misappropriation by hackers or other third parties or from other criminal activities.
Linked Sites or Other Parties
EPITAPH's Site may contain links to other sites such as our affiliates and third parties. This Privacy Policy only addresses EPITAPH's use and disclosure of your Personally Identifiable Information collected on our Site, if any. While we try to link only to sites that share our standards and respect for privacy, we are not responsible for the privacy practices of any third parties or the content of linked sites, although we do encourage you to read the applicable privacy policies and terms and conditions of such parties or web sites.
Terms Of Use, Notices And Changes To This Privacy Policy
As our business changes from time to time, this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use are expected to change from time to time, and we reserve the right to change the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use at any time. The use of your information is subject to the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use in effect at the time of use. The provisions contained herein supersede all previous notices or statements regarding our privacy practices. We may post any changes to the Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use on our Site. We encourage you to check our Site frequently to see the current Policy in effect and any changes that may have been made to it.By choosing to visit our Site you agree that any dispute over privacy or the terms contained in this Privacy Policy, our Terms of Use (incorporated herein by reference) or any other agreement we have with you, will be governed by the law of the State of California. In the event of any conflict between the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use, then the Terms of Use shall control. You also agree to arbitrate such disputes and to abide by any limitation on damages contained in our Terms of Use or other agreement we have with you.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, or if you believe that we have not adhered to this Privacy Policy, please contact the Company at info@epitaph.com or write to:
EPITAPH
Attn: Privacy Policy
2798 Sunset Blvd.
Los Angeles, CA 90026
We welcome your questions and comments.
Effective Date This Privacy Policy is effective as of July 1, 2005.
Epitaph Los Angeles
Anti Publicity
Kelly Kettering
Epitaph Publicity
Michele Stephens
Retail
Kathie Merritt
Music Licensing
Hector Martinez
Radio Promotions - Anti
Krystal Robbins
Marketing
Felicia Risolo
Epitaph Europe
Music Licensing
Roger Dorresteijn
Marketing
Alain Verhave
Promotions Manager
Chantal Neeten
Promotions Manager
Alma Lilic
Accounts
MJ de Winter
Epitaph Canada
Regional Manager
Tonni Maruyama
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
FAQ
Demo Submission
Tumblr
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Instagram
Spotify
Sign Up for Our Mailing List
Email Address *
First Name *
Last Name
Country *
United States of America
Canada
United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland
Afghanistan
Åland Islands
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cabo Verde
Cambodia
Cameroon
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Congo (the Democratic Republic of the)
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Côte d'Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Curaçao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands
[Malvinas]
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Holy See
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia (Federated States of)
Moldovia
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
North Korea
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestine, State of
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Réunion
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
Saint Barthélemy
Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin (French part)
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Sint Maarten (Dutch part)
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
South Korea
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands (British)
Virgin Islands (U.S.)
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Postal Code *
* Denotes required fields
All Content ©Epitaph Records 2020. All Rights Reserved.