http://www.taiwanlevel.com/privacy-policy.htm
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Thank you for visiting our website. Your personal privacy is absolutely respected and protected by the website. To help you understand how the website collects, uses and protects your personal information, be sure to read the website "Privacy Policy". Thank you!
Scope of Application
Applicable: website or its related activities involving personal information collecting, using, and protecting.
Not Applicable: an independent management and operation third-party website linked thru the website. Each website has own unique privacy policy, so the liability is separated. When users make an inquiry on these websites, be sure to follow the particular website's privacy policy for all personal information.
Policy Content
Collect Information:
For the simple the website browsing and file downloading, users will not be collected for any personal information.
The website will record user IP address, time of Internet access, and the number of information search.
When using various services on the website, such as quote inquiry, we will ask users to provide the full name, phone, fax, e-mail and the respective authorities.
Use Information:
Due to website internal management, by user's website access information, website traffic and online behavior can be processed as a "total analysis" for the important reference to enhance service quality, and this analysis will not apply to any "individual user".
Information Sharing:
Unless your agreement or special law regulations, the website will never sell, exchange, or rent any of your personal information to other groups, individuals or private companies However, except for the following circumstances:
Cooperate with the lawful administration of justice if needed.
Cooperate with the related authorities in accordance with operational needs for investigation or use.
Disclosure is required by law, or for maintenance, improvement and management of the website service.
Cookies on Your Browser File:
To provide a better, a more personalized service, and to facilitate your participation in activities, cookies changes as your personal activities on the website change.
In order to count the number of visitors and analyze browsing patterns to understand the state of web browsing, the website will hold on the principle of privacy protection to write and read cookies in your browser.
If you do not wish to accept cookies, you can set the privacy level
in the browser functions you use to High, you can refuse the
writing of cookies, but may lead to some functions of the website
not working properly.
The Protection of Data
Website hosts are equipped with firewalls, anti-virus systems and
other related information security devices and necessary security
measures to protect the site and your personal data using strict
protection measures, only authorized personnel can access your
personal information. All relevant processing personnels are
required to sign confidentiality contracts. Any person who violates
confidentiality obligations will be subject to relevant legal
sanctions.
If it is necessary to entrust the relevant units of this website to
provide services due to business needs, this site will also strictly
require that it abide by the confidentiality obligations, and take the
necessary inspection procedures to determine that it will actually
comply.
The Website Related Links
The webpages of this website provides internet links of other websites.
You can also click to enter other websites through the links provided on
this website. However, this linked website does not apply to the privacy
protection policy of this website. You must refer to the privacy
protection policy in this linked website.
Policy for Sharing Personal Data with Third Parties
This website will never provide, exchange, rent or sell any of your
personal data to other individuals, groups, private companies or public
agencies, except those with legal basis or contractual obligations. The
circumstances of the foregoing proviso include, but are not limited to:
With your written consent.
The law expressly provides.
To eliminate dangers in your life, body, freedom or property.
It is necessary to collaborate with a public agency or an academic
research institution for statistical or academic research based on
public interest, and the way the data is processed or exposed
does not identify a particular party.
When you act on the website, violate the terms of service, or may
damage or obstruct the rights of the website and other users or
cause harm to any person, the website management determines
that the disclosure of your personal data is to identify, contact or
take legal action by necessary.
It is in your interest.
When this website asks helpers to assist in the collection,
processing or use of your personal data, it will be responsible for
the supervision and management of the outsourcing vendors or
individuals.
Consultation
If you have any questions or comments regarding the privacy policy on this website, please email or call to contact us.
Revision of Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy of this website will be revised at any time in response to demand. As revision takes place, the new terms will be published on the website.
Privacy Policy
This site uses cookies to collect the necessary user browsing behavior so that we can provide you with a better browsing experience. Browse this site, which means you agree with			"online privacy declaration."
× Close