https://www.profarriersupply.com/privacy-policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy for Professional Farrier SupplyIntroduction:
At Professional Farrier Supply Inc., we recognize the importance of
protecting the privacy of personal information collected from our
customers and prospective customers. Examples of personal information
("Information") include: name, address, telephone number, credit card
type. We have adopted this Customer Privacy Policy to guide how we use
Information about our customers. This Policy will evolve and change as
we continue to study privacy issues. Purpose:
Our purpose is to balance our legitimate business interests in
collecting and using this Information with our customers’ reasonable
expectations of privacy. Customer Information enables us to advertise
efficiently, using communication methods more likely to reach customers
who will be interested in a range of farrier products. Efficient
advertising means reduced "clutter" from advertising to people less
likely to buy the offered goods. It also means that our limited
advertising resources are expended more appropriately, which is a
benefit to ourselves and our customers. The Information we collect: Professional
Farrier Supply collects and stores customers’ names, mailing addresses,
e-mail addresses, and other information that you provide so we are able
to make your shopping experience with us complete, as well as for
billing purposes. This Information also enables us to request feed-back,
and keep or get in stock products that are useful to our customers.
Security: Professional Farrier Supply Inc.
collects Information only in a manner deemed reasonably necessary to
serve our legitimate business purposes and comply with our legal
obligations. We make commercially reasonable efforts to make our
collection of such Information consistent with all applicable laws and
regulations. We take all commercially reasonable efforts to create and
maintain "firewalls" and other appropriate safeguards to ensure that to
the extent Professional Farrier Supply Inc. controls the Information,
the Information is used only as authorized by Professional Farrier
Supply Inc.  and consistent with this Policy, and that the Information
is not improperly altered or destroyed. Our privacy protection practices
help us to maintain accurate, timely, complete and relevant Information
for our business purposes. Our communication system, software and
database practices have been designed to aid us in supporting
authenticity, integrity and confidentiality. What we won't do with Customer Information: Professional Farrier Supply Inc. will not:
Sell or rent the names and addresses of customers to any outside parties; Act as a consumer reporting agency, or furnish Information about any
customer’s credit worthiness, credit standing, credit capacity,
character, general reputation, personal characteristics or mode of
living to any consumer reporting agency; Use customer Information to sell, market or solicit interest for other businesses.
What we will do with Customer Information: Professional Farrier Supply Inc. will:
Use customer names, addresses, and telephone numbers, and information about your purchases to solicit future purchases. Contact the customer to inquire or survey about the customer
experience shopping online at Professional Farrier Supply Inc.’s website
(www.profarriersupply.com).Create and use aggregate customer data that is not personally
identifiable to understand more about the common traits and interests of
our customers.
Sensitive Data: If a customer’s relationship with us
potentially includes providing Professional Farrier Supply Inc. with
Information which we recognize as particularly "sensitive," we will
exercise commercially reasonable efforts to protect that Information
with extra care.The Internet: On our web site
at www.profarriersupply.com we do not collect personally-identifiable
Information from individuals unless they provide it to us voluntarily
and knowingly. When you shop with us we may put you on an ongoing e-mail
list. We will use your e-mail address only for the purpose of sending
you an e-mail confirmation of your purchase and Information about our
promotions. If, however, you have asked to be put on our mailing lists,
we may contact you via e-mail from time to time. Cookies:
We may place a "cookie" on your web browser. This cookie stores
information on your hard drive so we can communicate with you more
efficiently, respond to you based on prior sessions at which you
provided Information about you or your preferences to us and understand
what you prefer to view on our web sites. We do not use cookies to store
passwords or credit card information. Your browser should allow you to
be notified when a cookie is to be placed, decline the cookie or delete
cookies that have been placed. Some functions of our web sites may not
work or may work slowly if a cookie is refused. Hyperlinks:
Our website has hyperlinks that connect the viewer to other websites,
most of which are not affiliated with or controlled by Professional
Farrier Supply Inc. Once you leave our website, each new website you
visit will have its own privacy policy and terms of use. Your
interaction with these sites will not be governed by this policy or the
terms of use of our websites. These websites may place cookies on your
browser over which we have no control or knowledge. Compliance with
Law: We may be obligated to disclose Information about you to a law
enforcement agency or by a court order, or under the discovery process
in litigation. Correction: We make repeated
efforts to verify the accuracy of Information and to correct and update
our database from Information available to us. In the event a customer
believes that such Information held by Professional Farrier Supply Inc.
is inaccurate, Professional Farrier Supply Inc., upon notification and
sufficient time for verification, will take all reasonable steps to
correct any inaccuracy of which we are made aware. Security:
We exercise care in providing secure transmission and storage of
Information. Unfortunately, no data transmission or storage is 100%
secure. We cannot warrant that all data we transmit, store and collect
will be completely secure. We use industry standard methods to safeguard
data confidentiality, such as firewalls, restricted access and secure
socket layers. Feedback: We are receptive to
customer questions about privacy. We regard our relationships with
customers as highly valuable assets. Any customer questions or comments
that relate to privacy or related matters may be directed to:
Professional Farrier Supply Inc., 23 Coles Cres., Mono, ON L9W 5W2, Canada.; or e-mail us at
info@profarriersupply.com Copying this Policy:
Please feel free to download or copy this Policy. You may obtain a copy
free of charge by writing to us at Professional Farrier Supply Inc., 23
Coles Cres., Mono, ON L9W 5W2, Canada.