https://www.haba.org/terms-of-use/
Eligibility and acceptance of terms of use
This Website is offered to the user on the condition that the user accepts the terms contained herein, without any modification whatsoever. This Legal Terms & Conditions, shall apply, without limitation, to access to one, some or all of the following: HTML Code, literature, information, software, products, tools and services provided or made available herein, whether pursuant to subscription or otherwise.You assume total responsibility for use of the HABA.org Website. Use of the HABA.org Website constitutes acceptance of these Legal Terms & Conditions.
Neither HABA.org nor its affiliates warrant that: (1) the HABA.org Website will be uninterrupted or error free; (2) errors, misstatements or programming defects in the HABA.org Website will be corrected; or (3) any access to the HABA.org Website or information or other material accessible on the HABA.org Website is free of viruses, worms, trojan horses or other harmful elements.
Copyright & Trademarks
You may not, for commercial purposes, publish, transmit reproduce or distribute any information or other material obtained through the HABA.org Website, except as expressly permitted by the provider of such information or other material. You will respect all copyright, trademark and proprietary rights of HABA.org and HABA.org’ exhibitors, participants and guests. The organization, manner of presentation, and screen designs of the HABA.org Website are the sole property of HABA.org and may not be reproduced without written consent of HABA.org.
Linking
The Site contains links to other Internet web sites or resources. HABA.org neither control nor endorse such other web sites, nor has HABA.org reviewed or approved any content that appears on such other web sites. Upon clicking on a hotlink button at the HABA.org Website, you will leave the HABA.org Website, and HABA.org is not responsible for the content or privacy practices at the linked website You acknowledge and agree that HABA.org shall not be held responsible for the legality, accuracy, or appropriateness of any content, advertising, products, services, or information located on or through any other websites, nor for any loss or damages caused or alleged to have been caused by the use of or reliance on any such content.
Disclaimers
All materials and services in this site and third-party sites to which it links are provided “as is” without warranty of any kind. The content published on this web site may include inaccuracies or typographical errors.
As markets change continuously, previously published information and data may not be current and should not be relied upon.
Changes are periodically made to the information herein. Haba.org and/or its authors may make improvements and/or changes in this web site at any time including changes to these terms of use. Haba.org and/or its authors make no representations and, to the fullest extent allowed by law, disclaim all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose regarding the suitability of the information; the accuracy, reliability, completeness or timeliness of the content, services, products, text, graphics, links, or other items contained within this site, or the results obtained from accessing and using this site and/or the content contained herein. Haba.org does not warrant that the functions contained in the materials will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that this site, including comment and messaging services or the server that makes such services available, are free of viruses or other harmful components. You assume the entire cost of all necessary maintenance, repair or correction of your computer and other equipment
Limitation of liability
Under no circumstances shall HABA.org nor its affiliates and their respective officers, directors, advisors, employees, authors, advertisers, agents and sponsors are liable for any indirect, incidental, consequential, special, exemplary, punitive or other damages under any contract, negligence, strict liability or other theory arising out of or relating in any way to the site and/or any content contained therein, or any product or service used or inability to use the HABA.org Website or your reliance on or use of information, services or merchandise provided through the HABA.org Website or that result from mistakes, omissions, interruptions, deletion of files, errors, defects, delays in operation, or transmission, or any failure of performance. If you are dissatisfied with the HABA.org Website or with any terms, conditions, rules, policies, guidelines or practices of HABA.org in operating the HABA.org Website, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using the HABA.org Website.
Indemnity
As a condition of use of this website, you agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless, HABA.org and its authors, each of their parent and affiliated companies, and each of their respective partners, authors, licensors, officers, directors, advisors, shareholders, employees, representatives, contractors and agents, from any and all claims (including, but not limited to, claims for defamation, trade disparagement, privacy and intellectual property infringement) and damages (including attorneys’ fees and court costs) arising from or relating to any allegation regarding: (a) your use of the site; (b) HABA.org’s use of any content or information you provide, as long as HABA.org’s use is not inconsistent with these terms of use; (c) information or material posted or transmitted through your user account, even if not posted by you; (d) any violation of these terms of use by you; and (e) your violation of the rights of any third party.
General
These Terms of Use shall be deemed to include all other notices, policies, disclaimers, and other terms contained in this Website; provided, however, that in the event of a conflict between such other terms and the terms of these Terms of Use, the terms of these Terms of Use shall control. These Terms of Use has been made in and shall be construed and enforced in accordance with New York law. Any action to enforce these Terms of Use shall be brought in the federal or state courts located in New York State. If any provision is deemed to be unlawful or unenforceable, that shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions. Any failure of HABA.org to enforce or exercise any provision of these Terms of Use or related right shall not constitute a waiver of that right or provision. The section titles used in these Terms of Use are purely for convenience and carry with them no legal or contractual effect.
Modification of These Legal Terms & Conditions
TAAAPS reserves the right to change, without notice, this Legal Terms & Conditions under which the HABA.org Website is offered. The continued use of the HABA.org Website will be subject to the Legal Terms & Conditions in force at the time of the use.
YOU ASSUME TOTAL RESPONSIBILITY FOR YOUR USE OF THE HABA.org WEBSITE.
Join us today and enjoy our membership benefits.
APPLY FOR MEMBERSHIP
RENEW YOUR MEMBERSHIP
Annual dues cover the calendar year ending December 31st.
There are no discounts for partial-year payment. Renew on-time to receive all member benefits.
To pay by mail, please send a check, payable to:
Hellenic American Bankers Association, Inc.
F.D.R Station - P.O. Box 7244
New York, NY 10150
Renew now
Our Mission:
HABA is a professional networking organization that has strived to serve the professional and educational interests of the Hellenic community by sponsoring lectures, seminars, receptions with guest speakers and other events such as book-signings, holiday celebrations and job fairs.
Learn more
Stay up-to-date
Get notified of upcoming events and news from HABA straight to your inbox.
Connect with us
Connect on linkedin
Follow us on Instagram
Like us on Facebook
Get in contact