http://www.packagingprice.com/privacy-and-cookie-policy
*Some bulk items may not qualify for free shipping program!
Flat Rate and FREE Shipping - Learn More
(888) 236 1729
Favorites
About usContact usFAQ
Sign in
Returning Customer ? Login Here
Quick order
product by SKU
Menu
Skip to Content
Search
Cart
Corrugated Boxes
Shipping Boxes
View All Shipping Boxes
Stock Boxes
32 ECT Boxes
Heavy Duty Boxes
Double Wall Boxes
Multi-Depth Boxes
Kraft Boxes
White Boxes
Telescoping Boxes
Side-Loading Boxes
Flat Boxes
Tall Boxes
Long Boxes
Specialty Boxes
View All Specialty Boxes
Mailing Boxes
Insulated Shippers
Chipboard Boxes
Corrugated Bins
Bulk Cargo Containers
Moving Boxes
File Storage Boxes
Pallet Cones
Produce Boxes
Corrugated Packaging
View All Corrugated Packaging
Corrugated Sheets
Corrugated Pads
Chipboard Pads
Corrugated Tubes
Single Face Corrugated Rolls
Mailers
Corrugated Mailers
View All Corrugated Mailers
Tuck Top Mailers
Easy Fold Mailers
Tab-Locking Mailers
Literature Mailers
Outside Tuck Mailers
Corrugated Carrying Cases
CD/DVD Mailers
Garment Mailers
Mailing Tubes
View All Mailing Tubes
Kraft Tubes
White Tubes
Heavy Duty Tubes
Colored Tubes
Corrugated Tubes
Snap Seal Tubes
Telescoping Tubes
Tube End Caps
Mailing Envelopes
View All Mailing Envelopes
Bubble Mailers
Padded Mailers
Poly Mailers
Stayflat Mailers
Cushioning
Bubble Packaging
View All Bubble Packaging
Bubble Wrap Rolls
Bubble Wrap Bags
Foam Packaging
View All Foam Packaging
Foam Rolls
Foam Pouches
Paper & Void Fill
View All Paper & Void Fill
Paper Rolls
Paper Sheets
Paper Cutters
Packing Peanuts
Poly Packaging
Poly Bags
View All Poly Bags
Flat Poly Bags
Heavy Duty Poly Bags
Gusseted Poly Bags
Poly Bags On a Roll
Reclosable Poly Bags
Anti-Static Poly Bags
Pre-Printed Poly Bags
Sheeting & Tubing
View All Sheeting & Tubing
Poly Tubing
Anti-Static Poly Tubing
Poly Sheeting
Top Sheeting
Clear Pallet Covers
Black Pallet Covers (UVI)
Poly Packaging Accessories
View All Poly Packaging Accessories
Poly Bag Sealers
Bag Tapes
Bag Tapers
Twist Ties
Poly Tubing Dispensers
Stretch Wrap
Hand Stretch Wrap
View All Hand Stretch Wrap
Blown Stretch Wrap
Cast Stretch Wrap
Premier Stretch Wrap
Black Stretch Wrap
Colored Stretch Wrap
Stretch Wrap Dispensers
Machine Stretch Wrap
View All Machine Stretch Wrap
Blown Machine Stretch Wrap
Cast Machine Stretch Wrap
Premier Machine Stretch Wrap
Black Machine Stretch Wrap
Bundling Stretch Wrap
View All Bundling Stretch Wrap
Narrow Width Stretch Wrap
Extended Core Stretch Wrap
Economy Extended Core Stretch Wrap
Tapes
Carton Sealing Tapes
View All Carton Sealing Tapes
Acrylic Tapes
Hot Melt Tapes
Strong & Sticky Tapes
Colored Tapes
Pre-Printed Tapes
3M Tapes
Specialty Tapes
View All Specialty Tapes
Strapping Tapes
Duct Tapes
Hook & Loop
Filament Tapes
Transfer Tapes
Reinforced Paper Tapes
Masking Tapes
Painter's Tapes
Bag Tapes
Label Protection & Pouch Tapes
Aisle & Safety Marking Tapes
Tape Dispensers
View All Tape Dispensers
Label Protection & Pouch Tape Dispensers
Aisle & Safety Marking Tape Applicators
Filament Tape Dispensers
Tabletop Masking Tape Dispensers
Bag Tapers
Paper Tape Dispensers
Grip Tape Dispensers
Strapping
Steel Strapping
View All Steel Strapping
Standard Grade Steel Strapping
Steel Strapping Seals
Poly Strapping
View All Poly Strapping
Polypropylene Strapping
Polyester Strapping
Poly Strapping Kits, Seals & Buckles
Strapping Accessories
View All Strapping Accessories
Strapping Tools
Edge Protectors
Strapping Protectors
Pallet Bands
Shipping Supplies
Packing List Envelopes
Pallet Cones
Shipping Labels
Edge Protectors
Strapping Protectors
Tags
Ties & Bands
Janitorial & Kitchen Supplies
Other Shipping Room Supplies
Earn a $25 gift card for every $1000 spent on products!
Home
Privacy and Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
name
contact information including email address
demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
For the exhaustive list of cookies we collect see the List of cookies we collect section.
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customize the website according to your interests.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at sales@packagingprice.com
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to Packaging Price 28W530 Batavia Road Warrenville, Illinois 60555 P: (888) 236-1729 E: sales@packagingprice.com.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
List of cookies we collect
The table below lists the cookies we collect and what information they store.
COOKIE name
COOKIE Description
CART
The association with your shopping cart.
CATEGORY_INFO
Stores the category info on the page, that allows to display pages more quickly.
COMPARE
The items that you have in the Compare Products list.
CURRENCY
Your preferred currency
CUSTOMER
An encrypted version of your customer id with the store.
CUSTOMER_AUTH
An indicator if you are currently logged into the store.
CUSTOMER_INFO
An encrypted version of the customer group you belong to.
CUSTOMER_SEGMENT_IDS
Stores the Customer Segment ID
EXTERNAL_NO_CACHE
A flag, which indicates whether caching is disabled or not.
FRONTEND
You sesssion ID on the server.
GUEST-VIEW
Allows guests to edit their orders.
LAST_CATEGORY
The last category you visited.
LAST_PRODUCT
The most recent product you have viewed.
NEWMESSAGE
Indicates whether a new message has been received.
NO_CACHE
Indicates whether it is allowed to use cache.
PERSISTENT_SHOPPING_CART
A link to information about your cart and viewing history if you have asked the site.
POLL
The ID of any polls you have recently voted in.
POLLN
Information on what polls you have voted on.
RECENTLYCOMPARED
The items that you have recently compared.
STF
Information on products you have emailed to friends.
STORE
The store view or language you have selected.
USER_ALLOWED_SAVE_COOKIE
Indicates whether a customer allowed to use cookies.
VIEWED_PRODUCT_IDS
The products that you have recently viewed.
WISHLIST
An encrypted list of products added to your Wishlist.
WISHLIST_CNT
The number of items in your Wishlist.
About Us
Contact Us
Privacy and Cookie Policy
Terms of Use
Shipping Policy
Frequently Asked Questions
Visa Gift Card
Return and Refund Policy