https://www.asktheheadhunter.com/privacy-policy
Privacy PolicyYour privacy is very important to us. At Ask The Headhunter we have a few fundamental principles that we follow:We don’t ask you for personal information unless we truly need it. (We can’t stand services that ask you for things like your gender or income level for no apparent reason.)We don’t share your personal information with anyone except to comply with the law, develop our products, or protect our rights.We don’t store personal information on our servers unless required for the on-going operation of our site and to support the products and services we offer you.It is Ask The Headhunter’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.Who we areOur website address is: https://www.asktheheadhunter.com. Our mailing address is North Bridge Group LLC, P.O. Box 600, Lebanon, NJ 08833. We can be reached at mail@asktheheadhunter.com.Website Visitors & Newsletter SubscribersLike most website operators, Ask The Headhunter collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Ask The Headhunter’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how our visitors use our website. From time to time, we may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of our website.Ask The Headhunter also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on our website articles. Ask The Headhunter only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that commenter IP addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the article where the comment was left.When you subscribe to our newsletter, which is delivered via email, we collect your name, email address, IP address, and optional information about who referred you. We use this information to deliver the newsletter and to maintain our relationship with you.Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying InformationAsk The Headhunter discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Ask The Headhunter’s behalf or to provide services available at Ask The Headhunter’s websites and to deliver our newsletters and digital products to you, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Ask The Headhunter’s websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them.Ask The Headhunter will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Ask The Headhunter discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Ask The Headhunter believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Ask The Headhunter, third parties or the public at large.If you are a registered user of an Ask The Headhunter website or product and have supplied your email address, Ask The Headhunter may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with Ask The Headhunter and our products. Ask The Headhunter takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.What personal data we collect and why we collect itCertain visitors to Ask The Headhunter’s websites choose to interact with Ask The Headhunter in ways that require Ask The Headhunter to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Ask The Headhunter gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who comment on our website to provide a username and email address. Those who wish to receive Ask The Headhunter updates via email, we collect their emails. In each case, Ask The Headhunter collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with Ask The Headhunter. Ask The Headhunter does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can request to see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time via our contact address below. Website administrators can also see and edit that information.CommentsWhen visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection. If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.Comments and other content submitted to Akismet anti-spam service are not saved on our servers unless they were marked as false positives, in which case we store them long enough to use them to improve the service to avoid future false positives.Aggregated StatisticsAsk The Headhunter may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. For instance, Ask The Headhunter may monitor the most popular pages on the website site or use spam screened by the Akismet service to help identify spam. Ask The Headhunter may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Ask The Headhunter does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.CookiesA cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Ask The Headhunter uses cookies to help Ask The Headhunter identify and track visitors, their usage of Ask The Headhunter website, and their website access preferences. Ask The Headhunter visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Ask The Headhunter’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of Ask The Headhunter’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.If you leave a comment on our site we will save the user name you select and your email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.Clear Gifs (Web Beacons/Web Bugs)We may employ or our third party advertising partners may employ a software technology called clear gifs (a.k.a. Web Beacons/Web Bugs) that help us better manage content on our site and email newsletters by informing us what content is effective. Clear gifs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to track the clicks users. The main difference between the two is that clear gifs are invisible on the page and are much smaller, about the size of the period at the end of this sentence. Clear gifs are not tied to users’ personally identifiable information, except as noted for HTML-formatted emails.We may use clear gifs in our HTML-formatted newsletter emails to let us know which emails have been opened by the recipients and which links in the emails have been clicked. This allows us to gauge the effectiveness of certain communications and the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns. If users would like to cancel an email newsletter, they may do so using the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of any email newsletter.Embedded content from other websitesArticles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.Business TransfersIf Ask The Headhunter, or substantially all of its assets were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Ask The Headhunter goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Ask The Headhunter may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.AdsAds appearing on any of our websites or newsletters may be delivered to users by advertising partners,  who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Ask The Headhunter and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.SecurityThe security of your personal information is important to us. When you enter sensitive information (such as a credit card number) on our product order forms, we or our partners encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL).We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.What rights you have over your dataIf you have an account on this site, have left comments, or ordered products, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.GDPR and other compliance informationWhen you create an account you voluntarily give us data about you. Ask The Headhunter does not request data about you for most uses of the website.We use the email address you gave us to send you information, such as Ask The Headhunter newsletters, or to delivery products you have purchased from us.We use your name to identify you, and know who we are talking to.If and when you make a payment to Ask The Headhunter, the transaction is processed by PayPal at paypal.com. When PayPal processes a purchase by you, PayPal does not give us your full credit card number. If and when you purchase a digital product (such as a PDF book or audio file), the information you provide (name, address, email address) is received and processed by E-Junkie at e-junkie.com which uses that information to calculate state sales taxes, then delivers the digital product to you via email and Internet download. PayPal and E-Junkie provide Ask The Headhunter with transaction information about your purchases so that we can track sales and provide support to you.When you interface with other systems (such as PayPal and E-Junkie), which is voluntary, we do not keep any account credentials for those systems. We do, however, have API information so Ask The Headhunter can talk to the other systems.Privacy Policy ChangesAlthough most changes are likely to be minor, Ask The Headhunter may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Ask The Headhunter’s sole discretion. Ask The Headhunter encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.Contact informationIf users have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please Contact Us.: :Newsletter
SubscribeTwitter
Get Nick's TweetsUpdates via e-mail
Sign up!
Fearless Job Hunting
How to WorkWith Headhunters
How Can IChange Careers?
Keep Your SalaryUnder Wraps