http://www.neutronx-ray.com.au/privacy-policy
1800 118 428
Home
Applications
General Surgery
Orthopaedic
Pain Management
Spine
Urology
Endoscopy
Vascular
Cardiac
Products
Ziehm Mobile C-Arms
Ex-Demo
Reconditioned
Rental
Services
About
Contact
Privacy Policy
This web site is owned and operated by Neutron X-Ray & Imaging Systems Pty Ltd and will be referred to as "We", "our" and "us" in this Internet Privacy Policy. By using this site, you agree to the Internet Privacy Policy of this web site ("the web site"), which is set out on this web site page. The Internet Privacy Policy relates to the collection and use of personal information you may supply to us through your conduct on the web site.
We reserve the right, at our discretion, to modify or remove portions of this Internet Privacy Policy at any time. This Internet Privacy Policy is in addition to any other terms and conditions applicable to the web site. We do not make any representations about third party web sites that may be linked to the web site.
We recognise the importance of protecting the privacy of information collected about visitors to our web site, in particular information that is capable of identifying an individual ("personal information"). This Internet Privacy Policy governs the manner in which your personal information, obtained through the web site, will be dealt with. This Internet Privacy Policy should be reviewed periodically so that you are updated on any changes. We welcome your comments and feedback.
Personal Information
Personal information about visitors to our site is collected only when knowingly and voluntarily submitted. For example, we may need to collect such information to provide you with further services or to answer any requests or enquiries. It is our intention that this policy will protect your personal information from being dealt with in any way that is inconsistent with applicable privacy laws of Australia.
Use of Information
Personal information that visitors submit to our site is used only for the purpose for which it is submitted or for such other secondary purposes that are related to the primary purpose, unless we disclose other uses in this Internet Privacy Policy or at the time of collection. Copies of correspondence sent from the web site, that may contain personal information, are stored as archives for record-keeping and back-up purposes only.
Collecting information on Registered members
As part of enquiring online with us, we collect personal information about you to be able to contact you.
This includes submitting your name, email address, address, telephone numbers and the option on receiving updates and promotional material and other information.
Disclosure
Apart from where you have consented or disclosure is necessary to achieve the purpose for which it was submitted, personal information may be disclosed in special situations where we have reason to believe that doing so is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against anyone damaging, injuring, or interfering (intentionally or unintentionally) with our rights or property, users, or anyone else who could be harmed by such activities. Also, we may disclose personal information when we believe in good faith that the law requires disclosure.
Security
We strive to ensure the security, integrity and privacy of personal information submitted to our sites, and we review and update our security measures in light of current technologies. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be totally secure.
In addition, our employees and the contractors who provide services related to our information systems are obliged to respect the confidentiality of any personal information held by us. However, we will not be held responsible for events arising from unauthorised access to your personal information.
Collecting Information for Users
IP Addresses
Our web servers gather your IP address to assist with the diagnosis of problems or support issues with our services. Again, information is gathered in aggregate only and cannot be traced to an individual user.
Cookies and Applets
We use cookies to provide you with a better experience. These cookies and allow us to increase your security by storing your session ID and are a way of monitoring single user access.
This aggregate, non-personal information is collated and provided to us to assist in analysing the usage of the site.
Access to Information
We will endeavour to take all reasonable steps to keep secure any information which we hold about you, and to keep this information accurate and up to date. If, at any time, you discover that information held about you is incorrect, you may contact us to have the information corrected.
In addition, our employees and the contractors who provide services related to our information systems are obliged to respect the confidentiality of any personal information held by us.
Links to other sites
We provide links to Web sites outside of our web sites, as well as to third party Web sites. These linked sites are not under our control, and we cannot accept responsibility for the conduct of companies linked to our website. Before disclosing your personal information on any other website, we advise you to examine the terms and conditions of using that Web site and its privacy statement.
Problems or questions
If we become aware of any ongoing concerns or problems with our web sites, we will take these issues seriously and work to address these concerns. If you have any further queries relating to our Privacy Policy, or you have a problem or complaint, please contact us.
Applications
|
Products
|
Rental
|
Services
|
About Us
| Contact Us
|
Privacy Policy
© 2014 Neutron X-Ray & Imaging Systems Pty. Ltd.
1800 118 428