http://www.bairstow.com/terms_privacy.asp
Lifting slings
Rigging Hardware
Wire Rope
Hoists, Blocks & Spreader Beams
Fall Protection
Testing / Repair Services
FREE Expert
Advice & Support
1-800-241-8990
ISO 9001 Certified
Rigging Suppliers Since 1960
Shop By Brand
Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicyWe are committed to protecting your privacy. The comfort and best interests of our customers are the most important aspects of our business. We appreciate your trust in us. This policy covers only the information collected on our site. Sites that link to or from our site, and sites hosted by our various partners, are not covered by this policy. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of every site that you visit. If you have any other concerns after reading this policy, please contact us and we will be happy to answer any questions. We are continuously improving our site and our service. Our fundamental commitment to your privacy and the principles of this document are at the heart of our business, and will not be changed. The principle behind this policy, and our business, is to only collect information with your knowledge and consent.Personally Identifiable InformationWe do not share your personally identifiable information with third parties without your permission. We may partner with companies that offer specific products/services to our customers, prospective customers, Independent Sales Representatives, and site visitors. These partner/provider companies offer their products/services under their brand name, and if you choose to sign up for our services under the brand name of our partner company, we may share personally identifiable information with that company.Also, we will never sell, share or rent information we receive from other companies about you to outside parties. We may use this information ourselves, only to personalize and enhance the content of our service and to specialize any promotional offers from us.CookiesWe, like most other web site owners, may use cookies when you visit our site. Cookies make your visit to our site more functional. Cookies are used to remember information that you have already entered, such as your password and preferences, so that you will not have to re-enter them every time you visit. We never use cookies to collect additional personal information about you. If you do not want to accept cookies, you can ask your browser to not accept cookies, or to notify you when a cookie is being sent. You can also manually delete all cookie files from your computer whenever you choose. We use cookies only for your convenience and to enhance your visit to our site. They also tell us which pages you've visited so we can further customize the information you get from us. This will make our site more valuable to you, since the information provided will be tailored to your tastes.Questions? Contact UsWe want to keep you well informed and happy! If you ever have any questions or comments, you'll find our e-mail addresses on our contact page. Please go to the contact page to make sure you send your comment or question to the appropriate e-mail address, so we may respond to you as quickly and thoroughly as possible.
Copyright © 2013 BAIRSTOW LIFTING PRODUCTS CO.. All Rights Reserved.
Built with Volusion