http://www.samuel-heath.com/cookie-policy
The Collections
The Collections
One Hundred Collection
Landmark Industrial
Landmark Pure
Style Moderne
Fairfield
Antique
Xenon
Novis and Curzon
Shower Accessories
Freestanding Accessories
Door & Window Fittings
Door Closers
Products
About us
About us
Design
Manufacturing
Heritage
Inspiration
Case Studies
Dealers
News/Events
Contact
UK
|
US
Cookie Policy
By continuing to use the Samuel Heath website, you are agreeing to the website Privacy Policy, and the use of Cookies.
We use cookies to collect and process anonymous information about your visit to our website such as, which pages you visited, how long you spent on those pages, how often you visit. We will use this information to improve the contents of our site or to collate statistics about it, or to otherwise improve and personalise our services to you.
What is a Cookie?
A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we put on your computer/ mobile device if you agree.
How do we use Cookies?
The cookies we use are “analytical cookies”. They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around the website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way the website works, for example by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily. All data collected is completely anonymous.
Our website uses "Google Analytics", a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses persistent cookies (which remain in the cookie file of your browser after you have left the website) to help Google analyze how you use the website. These cookies collect information in an anonymous form.
The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google and/or its subsidiaries may use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage.
Google may also transfer this information to third parties where:
(a) required to do so by law;
(b) it has a good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the rights, property or safety of Google, its users or the public; or
(c) such third parties process the information on Google's behalf.
Google will not associate your IP address with any other data it holds. If you would like to read more about Google Analytics or how Google might use your information, please click here:
http://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html
Managing Cookies
If cookies aren't enabled on your computer, it will mean that your browsing experience on our website will be limited.
If you choose, you can change your cookie settings in your browser. If you use different computers in different locations you will need to update each browser with your preferences.
You can delete any cookies that have been installed in the cookie folder of your browser. The various browsers provide different procedures to manage your settings. Click on any of the browser links below for instructions.
Microsoft Windows Explorer
Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Apple Safari
If you are not using any of the above-listed browsers, then you should select "cookies" in the "Help" function for information on where to find your cookie folder.
Privacy Policy
For more information please read our
Privacy Policy
page.
We think that you are in the
UK
Please choose your preferred location.
This is important because product specifications can be different in each location.
US
UK