http://www.wischeesemakersassn.org/legal
Skip to content
0 Items
in your cart View Cart
0
Cart
Join
Login
Contact Us
About
Membership
Become A Member
Member Directory
Mission and History
Board of Directors
Staff
Committees
Recognition
COVID-19 Info
Events
Upcoming Events
2021 CheeseExpo Global Online
2021 CheeseExpo Global Online Marketing Opportunities
2021 WCMA Golf Outing and Trapshoot
2022 World Championship Cheese Contest
Education
Career Opportunities
Trainings
Scholarships
Internships
Food Safety
Dairy Business Innovation Alliance
Advocacy
News
WCMA News
WCMA COVID-19 Bulletins
E-Newsletter
Join
Login
Contact Us
WCMA Privacy Policy
Your Security is Our Priority
This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for Wisconsin Cheese Makers Association.  This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by this website.
WCMA is the sole owner of information collected on this site.  Our organization will not sell or rent this information to anyone.  We will not share your email address with any third party outside of our organization.
WCMA will use your information to share information about upcoming events and to respond to your inquiries.
Security
Wherever WCMA collects sensitive information, such as credit card data, that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way.  You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or by looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While WCMA uses encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, our organization also protects your information offline.  Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information.  The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Your Access and Control
You may opt out of future contacts from WCMA at any time.  You can do so by contacting our organization at 608-286-1001 or via email at info@wischeesemakers.org.
Policy Updates
WCMA's privacy policy may change from time to time and all updates will be posted to this page.  If you have questions or concerns, please contact us immediately via telephone at 608-286-1001 or via email at info@wischeesemakers.org.
WCMA
×
Membership & Account Access
Create an Account
Create a user account by clicking on 'Create an Account' below.
Create an Account
Questions?
If you have questions, please contact our office at 608-286-1001 or email Judy Keller.
View Membership Information