https://www.crye-leike.com/termsofuse
Home
Current: Terms & Disclaimers
Terms & Disclaimers
Terms & Disclaimers
Our offerings of real estate properties for sale are only valid in the
states in which we are licensed: AL, AR, FL, GA, KY, MO, MS, OK, TN,
VA. Crye-Leike® makes no warranty or representation regarding the
truthfulness or completeness of any information contained herein or in
any hyper link site herein.
The information being provided is for consumers' personal, non-commercial
use and may not be used for any purpose other than to identify prospective
properties consumers may be interested in purchasing. Some or all of the
listings displayed may not belong to the firm whose website is being visited.
We do not discriminate against any person because of race, color, religion,
sex, handicap, familial status, or national origin.
Individual real estate licensees may be REALTORS®.
Crye-Leike partners with Career WebSchool, RE Campus and the CEShop to
offer online real estate courses.
All contents copyright © 2020
Crye-Leike. All rights reserved on url:
crye-leike.com. Please
contact webmaster to make any reasonable accommodations regarding
ADA accessibility. 866-310-3102.
Accessibility
DMCA
Privacy Policy
Disclaimers for Affiliated Services
Disclsoure of Business Relationships
Crye-Leike Franchising
Nothing on this web site should be regarded as an offer to sell a Crye*Leike
real estate franchise to the residents of any jurisdiction in which the real estate
franchise must be registered before it is offered and sold. Nor are contents of this site
otherwise directed to residents of such jurisdictions. No Crye*Leike real estate
franchise will be sold in any such jurisdiction until the offering has been exempted from
the jurisdiction's requirements, or until the offering has been registered and
the required Uniform Franchise Offering Circular has been delivered to the
prospective real estate franchisee, in compliance with applicable law.
Crye-Leike, Franchises Inc.
Crye-Leike Home Services
Crye-Leike Home Services, Inc. (CLHS) is a vendor marketing service. The
vendors are independent entities and pay a fee to participate in the marketing
service.
CLHS and Crye-Leike's employees and affiliated licensees may receive
a referral fee in the event you utilize a vendor involved with CLHS. CLHS
relies on customer comments and information provided by vendors, which
includes qualifications, licensing, and insurance, to assess vendor participation.
CLHS is not liable for any vendor misrepresentations. CLHS does not perform the
work or provide the products and services offered by vendors. CLHS, its employees,
officers, successors in interest, assigns, and affiliates (their employees,
officers, independent contractors, successors in interest, and assigns)
hereinafter collectively "Crye-Leike" do not warrant or guarantee the work
performed or the products and services provided by any vendor. Crye-Leike
assumes no liability for the work, products, or services of any vendor or
for any representations, warranties, guarantees, or other assurances made by
any vendor.
Crye-Leike Auctions
All announcements made auction day take precedence over printed material.
Crye-Leike Auctions Firm License Numbers: TN License #2774, #6382,
MS License #809F, Crye-Leike of Nashville, Inc. Firm License Numbers
#1473, #3758, #4923, Crye-Leike South, Inc. Georgia Auction Firm License # ACNR002328.
Crye-Leike Insurance
When you applied to the Crye-Leike Insurance Agency for
any type of insurance, you disclosed information about your self to us.
The collection, use and disclosure of such information is regulated by law
with the enactment of Title V of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA).
Crye-Leike Insurance Agency maintains physical, electronic and procedural
safeguards that comply with state and federal regulations to guard your personal
information. We also limit employee access to personally identifiable information
to those with a business reason for knowing such information. Crye-Leike
Insurance Agency also instructs our employees so that they will understand the
importance of the confidentiality of personal information, and takes
appropriate measures to enforce employee privacy responsibilities.
Depending of the nature of your insurance transaction,
Crye-Leike Insurance Agency may need additional information about you. For
auto insurance, we may need information from your motor vehicle records.
For property coverages, we may send someone to inspect your property and
verify information about its value and condition. A photo of any property
to be insured might be taken. We may also receive consumer credit information
from a consumer-reporting agency that may also include insurance claims
information.
What Do We Do With The Information Collected About You? Information that has been collected about you may be
retained in our records. We review it in evaluating your request for insurance
coverage and in determining your rates at the time of purchase and at renewal
time. We will also refer to and use information in our records for purposes
related to marketing and servicing insurance policies.