https://www.unitedprocess.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicyUnited Process Service is committed to providing up-to-date information about process service for clients in the Manhattan, NY area and beyond. We protect the privacy of visitors to our website and our clients. This page summarizes our privacy policy and practices.United Process Service will never, under any circumstances, sell, distribute or rent your name, company name, mailing address, postal code, email address or any other personal or business information you provide to us through our website to any third party, except as may be required by law. We will only use the information you share with us for the purposes of delivering process service to you, informing you about our services, or providing you with other information from United Process Service.We do not automatically gather any personal information from you, such as your name, phone number, email or address. This information is only obtained if you supply it voluntarily, usually through contacting us via email, phone or registering through a form on our site. Any personal information you do provide is protected under the Federal Privacy Act.How We Use the Information We CollectWe receive and securely store information that you provide to us through our website or other mode (i.e., email or telephone). When you send a question or comment, request information or schedule an appointment with United Process Service, you provide us with certain contact and private, personal information to enable us to understand your needs, provide you with quick service, and contact you to obtain further information or schedule an appointment.How to UnsubscribeWe may periodically send you emails containing information that we think you may find relevant using the email address that you have provided. If you no longer wish to receive periodic emails from us, please follow the opt-out instructions located at the bottom of the email. United Process Service complies fully with the CAN-SPAM Act.How to Utilize Our WebsiteThe information contained on our website is information to be read for purposes of general interest in the subjects of process service. Information contained within this site, our blog and periodic emails does not constitute legal advice nor representation by United Process Service. An official relationship with United Process Service, or any members of our team is only obtained contractually between the firm and client.SecurityOur site employs industry standard security measures designed to protect against loss, misuse or alteration of information you provide to us via our website. United Process Service is not responsible for unauthorized access to information by hackers or others who have obtained such access through illegal means. We use software that receives and records the Internet Protocol (IP) address of the computer that has contacted our website. We make no attempt to link these addresses with the identity of individuals visiting our site. We do not utilize cookies. A “cookie” is a small data file stored by your web browser on your computer’s hard drive that allows sites to recognize who you are when you arrive at their site by associating the identification numbers in the cookie with other information you have provided and allowing it to retain your preferences for future visits to the website.Linked SitesUnited Process Service may include links to external sites on our website to provide you with helpful resources. The inclusion of any link does not imply our endorsement of such external website, its products, advice, services or content offered at such site. If you link to a third-party site from our website, any information you encounter on that site is not subject to this privacy statement. Therefore, you should consult privacy policies of each site you visit.Changes and QuestionsUnited Process Service reserves the right to revise this policy at any time by posting a new privacy policy at this location. Please check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of this website signifies your consent to this privacy policy statement.Feel free to contact us with any questions:
United Process Service
315 Broadway
New York, NY 10007
Phone: 877-937-3788
Contact Us
Ready to begin?	We are here to help youName*Email*
Phone*CompanyAddress:Suite/Unit:City:State:State:AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyomingArmed Forces AmericasArmed Forces EuropeArmed Forces PacificZip Code:Comments:CAPTCHALast Name [NOT IN USE]EmailThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
This iframe contains the logic required to handle Ajax powered Gravity Forms.
Process Service
Learn More
Court Services
Learn More
Investigative Service / Skip Tracing
Learn More
Schedule Pickup
Learn More
Affiliations:
November 23, 2020There is much controversy surrounding Gov. Cuomo’s Executive Order 202.8 (and the subsequent orders extending its effective date) put into place due to the Covid-19 pandemic,  tolling any specific time limit “for the commencement, filing, or service of any legal action, notice, motion, or other process or proceeding…”Many of my clients were unsure - myself included - whether or not the intention of the Governor was to extend or toll time limits. While he has the authority to extend dates, there are those who say he does not have the authority to toll, as both terms mean different things.Since the toll and extension issue was still not settled as of late October, I did not want to put my clients in a precarious statutory situation.  To be on the safe side, I made sure that all documents whose 120-day statutory time to serve expired during the pandemic, were served by November 3, 2020.Click here for some interesting reading on the above matter.Please stay safe.Best Regards,Joel Graber and Staff November 16, 2020Just a quick update: While the court system is allowing ongoing civil and criminal jury trials to continue to conclusion, it is halting the new jury trials and new grand juries due to the recent spike in CoVid-19 cases – effective today (Nov. 16th).
All future bench trials and hearings will operate virtually, unless otherwise noted.As you know, United Process Service is fully staffed and service is operating smoothly.  If you need affidavits emailed to you, please let us know at the time you initiate sending papers for service.  This is the best way to expedite matters.Before signing off, here are two interesting articles I’d like to share with you:
The first is about litigation-practice adaptations made during the pandemic, some of which have produced efficiencies that will work in favor of judges, attorneys and clients, post-pandemic. Click here to read.This article is about the legal authority and benefits of hiring a private judge to resolve disputes at a time when our judiciary system faces drastic budget cuts amidst other challenges.  Click here to read.Please contact me if you’re facing any issues as it relates to service of process.As always, please stay safe.Joel Graber and Staff November 6, 2020A few things about the restart of criminal jury trials, e-filing and more.As of this week, the Bronx and Queens began their first new criminal jury trials since March.  However, NYS Chief Judge Janet DeFiore says in order to prevent future CoVid outbreaks, additional adjustments/restrictions will be implemented when necessary, thereby ensuring the health and safety of the courts.
DiFiore also announced that e-filing will be available by November 18th in all but two state supreme courts. In the meantime, as we await an effective CoVid-19 vaccine, litigation must proceed under pandemic restrictions. However, there has been controversy around the effectiveness of virtual depositions. While in-person depositions pose health concerns for some parties, remote depositions can potentially cause undue burden for others. As such, it appears the court is currently assessing the needs of each sides’ reasons for wanting either an in-person deposition or a remote deposition on a case-by-case basis.Here’s a link to an article about staff reductions at law firms of all sizes. Part of this staff reduction may be due a fundamental shift in what skill sets are needed as employees work from home.If there are new issues you’re facing as it relates to service of process, I want to hear about it. Your needs are important to me.Please stay safe.Joel Graber and Staff October 13, 2020On October 6th, Gov. Cuomo’s executive order tolled through November 5th time limits for “the commencement, filing, or service of any legal action, notice, motion or other process or proceeding” under New York law.  To view this order, please click here.As you know, United Process Service is fully staffed with all our servers back. If you are still working remotely and need affidavits emailed to you, please let us know at the time you initiate sending papers for service.  This is the best way to expedite matters.Before signing off, I wanted to send you a link to a 10-minute video about ‘Unconscious Bias’. One federal court, the Western District of Washington, requires every potential juror to watch this video during the orientation session for every criminal or civil trial in that district.  The hope is to make jurors recognize their unconscious biases, something we all have – and minimize the impact on their critical thinking and decision making as it relates to the trial.  I found it to be very neutral, non-partisan, and enlightening. So if you have ten minutes, click here or https://www.wawd.uscourts.gov/jury/unconscious-bias.All the best,Joel Graber and StaffSeptember 18, 2020On September 4th,  Gov. Cuomo’s executive order tolled through October 4th  time limits for “the commencement, filing, or service of any legal action, notice, motion or other process or proceeding” under New York law.  To view this order, please click here.Please note that in addition to knowing the restricted hours of various city and state agencies that will still accept service, we are privy to other means by which service is completed upon those entities whose offices are still closed. These include serving by mail, email and NYS Secretary of State. You can contact us at any time for the proper way to serve.United Process Service is fully staffed with all our servers back. As businesses reopen, and as individuals are less reluctant to open their doors, service will naturally continue to improve.Again, if you are still working remotely and need affidavits emailed to you, please let us know at the time you initiate sending papers for service.  This is the best way to expedite matters.In the meantime, if there are new issues you’re facing as it relates to service of process, I want to hear about it. I don’t want your needs to go unmet.All the best,Joel Graber and StaffAugust 7, 2020On August 5th  Gov. Cuomo’s executive order tolled through September 4th  time limits for “the commencement, filing, or service of any legal action, notice, motion or other process or proceeding” under New York law.  To view this order, please click here.Please note that NY Secretary of State will now accept service for the Metropolitan Transportation Authority. It gets served just like a regular corporation via BCL 306-2 copies and a $40 check. There are other entities that can be served there as well and also electronically, as per instructions from the agency we are serving.As previously mentioned, United Process Service is fully staffed with all our servers back. As businesses reopen, and as individuals are less reluctant to open their doors, service will naturally improve.If you are still working remotely and need affidavits emailed to you, please let us know at the time you initiate sending papers for service.  This is the best way to expedite matters.In the meantime, if there are new issues you’re facing as it relates to service of process, I want to hear about it. I don’t want your needs to go unmet.All the best,Joel Graber and Staff July 20, 2020On July 6th  Gov. Cuomo’s executive order tolled through August 5th time limits for “the commencement, filing, or service of any legal action, notice, motion or other process or proceeding” under New York law.The restoration of in-person court operations throughout New York is happening at a steady pace, albeit with precautions.  Scroll further down for thorough list of in-court openings and note the modifications. By the time you read this, other courts may be open as well, but a return to “normal” is not yet on the horizon.As for United Process Service - we are now fully staffed.  Our servers are back. We are in full gear. The only issue is that we are beholden to some businesses still being closed, as well as individuals who are reluctant to open their doors. That will only improve over time.If during this time you are working remotely and need affidavits emailed to you, please let us know at the time you initiate sending papers for service.  This is the best way to expedite matters.We all know this is a time of great change. And we all know that eventually COVID-19 crisis will pass.  How many of the current changes (remote working, court hearings conducted via video conferencing, oaths being administered via audio—video communication, courts going paperless, staggering of court appearances, installing plexiglass barriers, retrofitting many courtrooms to ensure safety, etc.) will remain post pandemic is still unknown.  What we DO know is that now is the time for all businesses to be adaptive, proactive, and even decisive. Now is the most appropriate time to amplify what you/your business does best.I hope you’re adapting and making pivotal changes that will ultimately serve you well.In the meantime, if there are new issues you’re facing as it relates to service of process, I want to hear about it. I don’t want your needs to go unmet.All the best,Joel Graber and StaffIN-COURT OPENINGSSUPREME COURTNEW YORK COUNTY-ONLY COUNTY CLERK, RECORD DEPARTMENT & JUDGEMENT
CLERKS. NO MOTIONS. EX-PARTE ONLY FOR EMERGENCY APPLICATIONS. NO JUDGES
ARE IN CHAMBERS FOR SO-ORDERING.QUEENS COUNTY-NOT OPEN TO THE PUBLIC. ONLY ACCEPTING EMERGENCY
APPLICATIONS BY MAIL WITH SELF-ADDRESSED RETURN ENVELOPE.BRONX COUNTY-NOT OPEN TO THE PUBLIC. ONLY ACCEPTING EMERGENCY
APPLICATIONS BY MAIL WITH SELF-ADDRESSED RETURN ENVELOPE.KINGS COUNTY-FILING OF MOTIONS ACCEPTED BY MAIL WITH SELF-ADDRESSED
RETURN ENVELOPE. SO-ORDERING SUBPOENA DEPENDS IF JUDGE IS PRESENT.RICHMOND COUNTY-ACCEPTING SUBPOENAS FOR SO-ORDERING, ALL POST RJI &
MOTIONS WITH CHECK AND STAMPED SELF-ADDRESSED ENVELOPE.  EX-PARTE ONLY
ORDER TO SHOW CAUSE FOR EMERGENCY APPLICATIONS.CIVIL COURTNEW YORK COUNTY-ONLY INDEX NUMBER PURCHASES ALLOWED. NO FILING OF
AFFIDAVITS OF SERVICE. HOWEVER NYSCEF IS ACCEPTING AFFIDAVITS OF SERVICE EVEN
THOUGH CASE WAS NOT COMMENCED ELECTRONICALLY.
NEW: NEW YORK COUNTY LANDLORD & TENANT CASES ARE NOW ELECTRONICALLY FILED         THROUGH NYSCEF. WATCH INSTRUCTIONAL VIDEO:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sNzn7Y2Qju4&feature=youtu.beQUEENS COUNTY- ONLY INDEX NUMBER PURCHASES ALLOWED. NO FILING OF
AFFIDAVITS OF SERVICE. HOWEVER NYSCEF IS ACCEPTING AFFIDAVITS OF SERVICE EVEN
THOUGH CASE WAS NOT COMMENCED ELECTRONICALLY.BRONX COUNTY- ONLY INDEX NUMBER PURCHASES ALLOWED. NO FILING OF
AFFIDAVITS OF SERVICE. HOWEVER NYSCEF IS ACCEPTING AFFIDAVITS OF SERVICE EVEN
THOUGH CASE WAS NOT COMMENCED ELECTRONICALLY.KINGS COUNTY- ONLY INDEX NUMBER PURCHASES ALLOWED-NO FILING OF
AFFIDAVITS OF SERVICE HOWEVER NYSCEF IS ACCEPTING AFFIDAVITS OF SERVICE EVEN
THOUGH CASE WAS NOT COMMENCED ELECTRONICALLY.RICHMOND COUNTY- ONLY INDEX NUMBER PURCHASES ALLOWED-NO FILING OF
AFFIDAVITS OF SERVICE HOWEVER NYSCEF IS ACCEPTING AFFIDAVITS OF SERVICE EVEN
THOUGH CASE WAS NOT COMMENCED ELECTRONICALLY. CURRENTLY THESE ARE THE ONLY OPEN NEW YORK CITY & STATE AGENCIES :PORT AUTHORITY OF NEW YORK & NEW JERSEYNEW YORK CITY FIRE DEPARTMENTCORPORATION TRUST COMPANYNEW YORK STATE ATTORNEY GENERALNEW YORK CITY POLICE DEPARTMENT (FOIL UNIT)MTA BUS COMPANY (NOT MTA)NEW YORK CITY TRANSIT AUTHORITYNEW YORK CITY COMPTROLLER (NOTICE OF CLAIMS) OPEN TUE, WED, & THURS 10AM-1PMNEW YORK CITY CORPORATION COUNSEL ONLY OPEN TUE & THURSNEW YORK STATE SECRETARY OF STATE-ALL DOCUMENTS ONLY ACCEPTED IN ALBANY June 20, 2020Monday, June 22nd marks the beginning of Phase 2 for New York City.Non-essential businesses and business activities can reopen for in-person operations. This means United Process Service will resume normal pickups at your law firm as long as your building allows entry. As per our usual procedure, please contact us via email once you’ve confirmed that pickups are permitted.Please note that our messengers are under strict instruction to take proper CoVid safety measures when in clients’ offices. They will wear masks and use only their own personal items.I know we’re all looking forward to progressing towards Phase 3 and beyond.Until then, please stay safe and United in this Process with our Service.Joel Graber & Staff June 11, 2020As you may know, Governor Cuomo’s latest executive order (202.38) extends, “the commencement, filing, or service of any legal action, notice, motion, or other process or proceeding” through July 6, 2020. During this pandemic we have gone from all courts being physically closed and NYSCEF not accepting documents to finally moving to some court openings and statewide electronic filing of documents as of May 25, 2020. We are heading in the right direction!As I’ve said before, United Process Service is gearing up for the reopening of our office, which I anticipate being within two weeks. Servers are coming back when restrictions are lifted and their health concerns have subsided.  Currently, service of process work for service outside of New York City is vibrant but spotty in the city.KEEP IN MIND: Serving corporations through Secretary of State in Albany (in lieu of their place of business) is a great alternative at this time because that office has reopened and many businesses are still shut down.  I will gladly advance the $40 fee and get them served promptly. I look forward to serving your documents on a full-time basis again.  So please continue to send work assignments by mail and email and we will handle accordingly.Stay well.
Joel Graber & Staff June 1, 2020As you are probably aware, NYSCEF is now permitting the electronic filing of new "non-essential" cases throughout the state. So we have some movement in the right direction for the return of our industry. The NYC Department of Consumer Affairs (our industry licensing authority) continues to direct DCA-licensed individuals and agencies to comply with the requirements of the relevant New York State executive orders. Yet until Governor Cuomo issues the green light for NYC businesses to fully reopen, the workflow at United Process Service will remain spotty and modified.You may continue to send us work and I will do my best to get it served. I check emails daily and go to the post office 2 times a week. Please be aware that some process servers are working but most are not back to work yet for health concerns AND most businesses and government agencies are still closed.I hope you have made the most of this quarantine. With every aspect of our lives having been affected over the past months, some of the ongoing changes will be for the betterment of us all long term. I hope your "new normal" serves you well. I look forward to serving your documents on a full-time basis again soon.June should be a very busy and challenging month!Be well and stay healthy,
Joel Graber and Staff May 5, 2020As the pandemic is still raging through the U.S., Governor Cuomo has issued guidelines for the phased plan to re-open New York on a regional basis. Click link for details.https://www.governor.ny.gov/new-york-forward/phased-plan-re-open-new-york#phased-plan-to-re-open-new-yorkAlso, here’s an article about Cushman & Wakefield redesigning office space (in the Netherlands) with social distancing and better hygiene in mind.  Every little bit helps towards creating a safer environment. Maybe you’ll feel inspired?https://www.fastcompany.com/90488060/our-offices-will-never-be-the-same-after-covid-19-heres-what-they-could-look-like?utm_campaign=eem524%3A524%3As00%3A20200413_fc&utm_medium=Compass&utm_source=newsletterStay safe, stay healthy and United in this Process.BestRegards,
Joel Graber and StaffApril 29, 2020As Gov. Cuomo’s latest “New York on Pause” executive order is extended through May 15th, I am prepping United Process for a gradual, but ultimately fully-functioning office re-opening. I’m in the process of installing plexiglass sneeze shields throughout the office which moves us towards a healthier work environment.  I am also researching ways to promote social distancing measures in the workplace. I would love to hear what your office is doing. Sharing best practices (aside from your law practice) will make for a safer New York.I am still monitoring emails.  If you have new work, it will remain in my Inbox until the office reopens. If you are requesting documents from our database, I may be able to provide you with whatever can be accessed remotely. Given the restrictions, I will continue to do whatever I can.Take extra good care of yourself. May we all look forward to a healthy and vibrant New York/world again.Best Regards,Joel Graber and Staff April 13, 2020Last week (4/7/20) Governor Cuomo issued Executive Order 202.14, continuing the temporary suspension of New York State non-essential businesses until April 29, 2020. Anything related to statutory time has been extended to May 7th.  This executive order (see link below) supersedes Executive Order 202.8 issued on March 20th, which extended the statutory time to April 19, 2020.  https://www.governor.ny.gov/news/no-20214-continuing-temporary-suspension-and-modification-laws-relating-disaster-emergencyAs always, I am monitoring emails.  If you have new work, it will remain in my Inbox until the office reopens. If you are requesting documents from our database, I will be able to provide you with whatever can be accessed remotely.  If you need assistance with anything else, please ask.  I’m here.  I’ll do what I can.Stay safe, stay healthy and United in this Process.Best Regards,
Joel Graber and Staff
March 24, 2020As you are aware, Governor Cuomo issued the "New York State on PAUSE" executive order for New York State non-essential businesses, directing them to close in-office personnel functions. This necessary effort to protect the public health will hopefully shorten the lifespan of this crisis. Thus, United Process Service, Inc. has discontinued all in-office functions and all process servers have stopped serving.I am however, monitoring my emails and will respond throughout the day (at least it gives me something to do at home!) While I don’t have the ability to duplicate and send documents to you, I can answer certain questions. If you send a document for service, I will leave it in my inbox and when United restarts operations, I will process your request.  If you end up serving it some other way, please notify me immediately so I don’t serve it again when business resumes. I am always available at joel@unitedprocess.com so please be in touch if you have questions or concerns. Updates will be posted on my website and through email as this fast-moving, quickly-changing state of affairs continues to unfold.Stay safe, stay healthy and United in this Process.Best Regards,
Joel Graber and StaffTo sign up to receive court alerts, click here: http://www.nycourts.gov/notice/emergency-alerts.shtmlFor the March 15, 2020 Updated Protocol from State of New York Unified Court Systems, click here:
https://www.nycourts.gov/whatsnew/pdf/Updated-Protocol-AttachmentA3.pdf
Thanks for your message!