http://www.vistabiologicals.com/privacy-policy.php
Home
About Us
Our Process
Services
cGMP Contract Manufacturing
cGMP & Regulatory Support
Process Development
Blood/Tissue Processing (Stem Cell Research)
Facilities
Careers
Privacy policy Information
Privacy Policy - Effective Date: April 18, 2016
Vista Biologicals ("we", "our") respect your privacy and are committed to using responsible practices in the collection, maintenance and use of your personal information. This privacy policy explains our on-line information practices and applies to your use of vistabiologicals.com (the “Website”) and other services offered through the vistabiologicals.com (the “Privacy Policy”).
Personally Identifiable Information
Throughout our Website, you may voluntarily submit information that personally identifies you ("Personally Identifiable Information"). In general, you can visit our Website without telling us who you are or sharing any Personally Identifiable Information about yourself except as follows. We only collect Personally Identifiable Information about you if you choose to share it with us. For example, you may choose to provide Personally Identifiable Information by contacting us via Email or the contact form on our website. Personally Identifiable Information may include, but is not limited to, your name, Email address, physical address, phone number, and messages that you can send to us.
Anonymous Usage Data
Like many other websites, ours may collect anonymous usage data ("Non-Personally Identifiable Information") about your activity at this Website. We may store information about the type of browser you are using, your Internet Protocol ("IP") address, the time, date, and length of your visit; and the referring site. This information is collected via computer code sent to your computer (commonly referred to as a "cookie"). The cookie will not expire, unless you manually delete it or set your browser to reject it. If you do not accept the cookie, however, you may have difficulty navigating our full Website.
Use of Information
We use Non-Personally Identifiable Information to manage this Website. We may analyze aggregated anonymous information on the pages visited by our users to make our Website more accessible and useful. Further, we may share this data with third parties, usually to provide services for Vista Biologicals associated with the maintenance of the Website.
Except as outlined in this Privacy Policy or on the Website, Vista Biologicals will not sell or share your Personally Identifiable Information to others without your consent. If you choose to submit Personally Identifiable Information to the Website, we will use the information for the purpose you requested.
In addition, we may share this information with third parties to fulfill your request or to provide other services that may be of interest to you. If you do not wish Vista Biologicals to use your information in this manner, then do not submit any Personally Identifiable Information to us. In addition, Vista Biologicals may disclose Personally Identifiable Information about you if we believe in good faith that the law requires it (such as a subpoena, court order or a law enforcement request), or if we reasonably believe it is necessary to protect our legal interests. The information collected from you may be transferred to a third party in the event of a sale, acquisition, merger or bankruptcy involving us.
Links to Other Websites
For your convenience, our Website may contain links to other websites whose information and privacy practices are probably different than ours. If you choose to use these links, you will leave our Website, and will then be subject to the privacy and information practices of those websites. We do not control and are not responsible for any of their content or their privacy policies, if any. We do not endorse or make any representations about them, or any information, software or other products or materials found there, or any results that may be obtained from using them. If you choose to access any of the other websites listed on our Website, you should understand that you do so at your own risk.
Security
We employ commercially reasonable security measures to reduce the risk of unauthorized access to your Personally Identifiable Information. However, we cannot and do not guarantee that these measures will be sufficient to protect against all efforts to gain unauthorized access to that information.
Children's Privacy
We are committed to complying with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA). Our Website is not directed to children, and we do not knowingly collect Personally Identifiable Information from children. If we receive Personally Identifiable Information that we discover was provided by a child, we will promptly destroy such information. Schools and parents should supervise their children's online activities and consider the use of other means to provide a child-friendly, online environment. If you would like to learn more about COPPA, visit the Federal Trade Commission home page at http://www.ftc.gov.
California Privacy Rights
Pursuant to California Civil Code Section 1798.83, California residents may request certain information regarding our disclosures in the prior calendar year, if any, of their Personally Identifiable Information to third parties for their own direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please Email us with "California Privacy Rights Request" in the subject line. You must include sufficient detail for us to locate your file; at a minimum, your name, Email and postal address.
California "Do Not Track" Disclosures
We do not track your on-line activity across other websites, nor do we knowingly permit any third-parties to conduct online tracking of you while you are visiting our Website. Consequently, we do not respond to your browser's Do Not Track signal.
Application of United States Laws
Our Website is based on computers located in the United States. Your Personally Identifiable Information will be used and stored in the United States, where data protection and privacy regulations may differ from the level of protection as in other parts of the world.
How to contact us
If you have any questions or concerns about Vista Biologicals's Privacy Policy or its implementation, you may contact us using the information provided on this Website's “contact us” section. If at any time you decide that we should no longer hold any of your personal data, or wish to change the use to which any such data can be put, please let us know by Emailing us.
Consent and Revisions
If you have any questions or concerns about Vista Biologicals's Privacy Policy or its implementation, you may contact us using the information provided on this Website's “contact us” section. If at any time you decide that we should no longer hold any of your personal data, or wish to change the use to which any such data can be put, please let us know by Emailing us.
(760) 438-0230
Menu