http://www.premcons.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
You are hereHome    /    Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy sets out the data processing practices carried out through the use of the Internet and any other electronic communications networks by Premier Consultants.  If you have any requests concerning your personal information or any queries with regard to these practices please contact Russell White – Managing Partner at russell@premcons.com.  Please note that all data thus captured will be used and held in accordance with the requirements of the Data Protection Act 1998 and the new regulations from the 25th May 2018.
Information collected
We collect information from those who submit their CV’s to us
Use of personal information
We process personal information collected for the purposes of:
Providing information about products and services
Providing and personalising our services
Dealing with your enquiries and requests
Conducting market research
Your Details and How We Use Them
Please note that your information may be used to send you details of services that we offer that we have identified as likely to be of interest to you.  These will, in almost all instances be details of relevant vacancies we are handling on behalf of our Business Partners and clients. This will be in accordance with the preferences that you indicated when you sent through your CV
If at any point you would like to opt-out of receiving communications from us, have your details removed from our database or would like to change the channels (such as email, SMS or post) that we use to contact you, please contact us at exec@premcons.com. We will seek to update your status every 6 months and give you the opportunity to have your details removed from our systems.
Disclosures
We will only disclose data when obliged to disclose personal data by law, or the disclosure is ‘necessary’ for purposes of national security, taxation and criminal investigation, or we have your consent to the following:
Business partners;
Suppliers we engage to process data on our behalf;
Successors in title to our business.
Subject access requests
You have the right to see what personal data we hold about you.  To obtain a copy of the personal information we hold about you, please email our designated Data Controller – Russell White at russell@premcons.com . Please note that we reserve the right to charge a fee of up to £10 for any such request and can take up to 40 days to be delivered.
We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Policy from time to time to ensure ongoing compliance with the GDPR legislation.
About Cookies
A “cookie” is a small text file that’s stored on your computer, tablet or phone when you visit a website.
Some cookies are deleted when you close down your browser. These are known as session cookies. Others remain on your device until they expire or you delete them from your cache. These are known as persistent cookies and enable us to remember things about you as a returning visitor.
To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org. Alternatively, you can search the internet for other independent information on cookies.
Are you happy for us to use cookies?
Some features that are designed to give you a better online experience only work if we use cookies. We assume that by continuing to browse our site you are happy for us to use cookies.
Newsletter Signup
Email Address *
First Name
Last Name