https://www.lambiotte.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy policy
Data controller- Lambiotte et Compagnie S.A. (Avenue des Aubépines 18, 1180 Bruxelles, Belgique) – hereinafter called ‘Lambiotte’ – is the data controller of your personal information.
Collection and Processing of Personal Data- Lambiotte only processes data that you personally imparted (spontaneous application, business card,…) or the contact details that its suppliers, distributors or customers communicated to it (name, surname, function, business phone number and email address).
Purposes of the Processing of Personal Data- Your personal data are processed only for the purpose for which your personal data have been communicated to Lambiotte, including for the execution of a contract or precontractual measures, for providing information requested by you and when the processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which Lambiotte is subject or for the legitimate aims pursued by Lambiotte. These processing are based on Articles 6.1, a, b), c) and f) of GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation of 27 April 2016).
Sharing to third parties- Lambiotte shares customer data only with its distributors or agents and only when this communication is necessary to respond to a demand from the customer, for the execution of a contract or precontractual measures. The contact details of the local distributors are available at www.lambiotte.com under « Distribution Network ».
Personal Data Retention- The personal data are retained by Lambiotte only as long as it is necessary to fulfil contractual relationships and the period of time necessary for Lambiotte to fulfil its legal obligations for archiving (including accounting and tax). This period shall be extended for any litigation management.
Your rights regarding Personal Data- The data subject may request access to its personal data, rectify inaccurate or incomplete data, erase data in accordance with conditions set out in Article 17 of GDPR or restrict processing in accordance with conditions set out in Article 18 of GDPR. The data subject may also object to personal data processing in accordance with conditions set out in Article 21 of GDPR and may request a copy of its data in order to transmit it to another data controller in the cases referred to in Article 20 of GDPR.
Exercice of your rights- All requests must be made by sending an e-mail to privacy@lambiotte.com or a registered mail to Lambiotte et Compagnie S.A., Avenue des Aubépines 18, 1180 Bruxelles, Belgium.
The data subject is entitled to lodge a complaint to an authority in charge of data protection. In Belgium, the authority in charge is the « Data Protection Authority » www.dataprotectionauthority.be.
Menu