http://www.thelandmarkpractice.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
The Landmark Practice takes the privacy of its users seriously. We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our users while providing a great service. This Privacy Policy statement explains the data processing practices of The Landmark Practice. If you have any requests concerning your personal information or any queries with regard to these practices please contact us by e-mail at enquiries@thelandmarkpractice.com
Information Collected
We collect personally identifiable information about you (your “Data”) through:
the use of enquiry and newsletter registration forms
when you purchase any of our products or services
the provision of your details to us either online or offline.
The elements of your Data that we collect may include:
Name
Company address, phone and fax number
Home address and phone number
Mobile telephone number
E-mail address
Payment details such as credit card information
Use and Disclosure of Personal Information
We use your Data for purposes which may include:
providing our users with a personalised service
processing orders, registrations and enquiries
conducting market research
providing you with information about products and services we offer (if you agree to receive such information)
We also use information in aggregate form (so that no individual user is identified by name):
to aid development
to audit usage of the site.
Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Devices
We use cookies to help personalise your use of our sites. A cookie is a small piece of information which is sent to your computer’s hard drive by the web server so that the website can remember who you are. This information may include information relating to your use of our sites, information about your computer such as the computer’s IP address and browser type, demographic data and, if you arrived at our site via a link from third party site, the URL of the linking page. If you are a registered user or subscriber this may include your name and email address , which may be transferred to data processors for registered user or subscriber verification purposes.
We use information from cookies for purposes which may include:
identifying returning users, registrants and subscribers and to allow them to be presented with a personalised version of the site
eliminating the need for returning users to re-enter their login details
enabling you to move more easily around our sites
tracking your use of our sites to better develop our sites in accordance with your requirements
building up a profile based on your browsing patterns across our sites and third party websites, which enables us to make advertisements available to you that are more relevant to your interests
You can delete cookies from your hard drive at any time however this will mean that any settings such as your stored username and password will have to be reset. You can set your internet browser so that it will not allow cookies to be stored on your computer. This may reduce functionality of the site, prevent access to registration/subscription-only areas of the site and mean that certain features or content will not be available to you. Further information on how to prevent cookies from being stored on your computer can be found on http://www.allaboutcookies.org under the ”manage cookies” section. Alternatively go to the help menu within your internet browser.
Our website uses web analytics services provided by Google, Inc which uses cookies to help us to analyse how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of our sites (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored on servers in the United States and/or United Kingdom. They will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of our sites, compiling reports on website activity for us and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. They may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on their behalf. They will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. If you wish to refuse the use of cookies by Google please visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout . You may also refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of the The Landmark Practice site. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by those service providers in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website.OkPrivacy Policy