http://www.fmc.com/privacystatement
FMC.com |
Investor Relations |
Careers |
News |
Sustainability |
Safety Data Sheets (SDS)
About FMC
Corporate Overview
Investor Relations
Sustainability
FMC Suppliers
FMC Locations
Responsible Care
Corporate Governance
Careers at FMC
Human Resources
Citizenship and Philanthropy
Information Center
Asia Pacific
Australia FMC Products
China
India
Japan
New Zealand
Pakistan
Taiwan
Global Specialty Solutions
EMEA
Austria
Bulgaria
Czech Republic
Denmark
Finland
France
Germany
Hungary
Italy
Lithuania
Norway
Poland
Romania
Russia
Slovakia
Spain
Sweden
Turkey
Ukraine
United Kingdom
Latin America
Argentina
Brazil
Colombia
Mexico/Central America FMC Products
North America
Canada
United States
Global Specialty Solutions
Click here to access FMC European GDPR Privacy Notice (pdf)
FMC Corporation Privacy Statement
At FMC, we are committed to maintaining the privacy of all visitors to this website, as described in this privacy statement.
FMC passively collects information that is automatically sent to us by your web browser in order to provide a more personalized website experience.  This information may include your domain name and user name.
FMC uses cookies to provide personal service for those who register and to estimate our audience size.  A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive.  This website is cookie-enabled in order to give you a more personalized user experience.  Please refer to your browser if you want to learn more about your cookie settings.
Each browser accessing an FMC website is given a unique cookie which is then used to determine the extent of repeat usage, usage by a registered user versus by an unregistered user, and to help develop content based on user interests and behavior.  We also measure certain traffic patterns, which areas of FMC’s network of websites you have visited, and your visiting patterns in the aggregate.  We use this research to understand how our users’ habits are similar or different from one another so that we can make each new experience on an FMC website a better one.  We may use this information to better personalize the content, banners, and promotions that you and other users will see on our sites.
FMC will not share with a third party, any information collected on this website for direct marketing purposes.  Because of the nature of the Internet, we may transmit the information to another country for purposes other than direct marketing, such as for storage or because of where our servers are located.  We may also use it to investigate security breaches or cooperate with authorities pursuant to a legal matter.  We may also remove all the personally identifiable information and use the rest for historical, statistical or scientific purposes.
If you e-mail us, you are voluntarily releasing information to us.  Your e-mail address will be used by FMC to respond to you.
For your convenience, this site may contain certain hyperlinks to other FMC pages as well as to websites outside FMC.  We make no promises or guarantees regarding data collection on the hyperlinked pages that are not owned by FMC.  We therefore recommend that you read the privacy policy/statement for each site you visit.
You have the right at any time to withdraw your consent to the use of your personal data in the future.
Terms & Conditions  |
Web Privacy  |
HR Data Privacy  |
Sitemap
©2020
FMC Corporation. All Rights Reserved. FMC, the FMC logo and all trademarks, service marks, logos, business names and trade names are the property of FMC Corporation and/or its affiliates or licensors in the U.S. and/or other countries.
CONNECT WITH FMC