http://www.raisin-social.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Raisin Social is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy explains our data processing practices and the ways in which your personal and professional data is used. If you have any requests concerning your personal information or any queries with regard to our processing please contact us at info@raisin-social.com
Information collected
The only information our website collects is that which you provide when giving us feedback or completing our feedback forms. We also monitor customer traffic patterns and site use which enables us to improve the service we provide.
Use of your information
We will use your information to inform ourselves about how we may improve our services and products. We may also use your contact details to communicate with you if we judge it to be appropriate.
We like to hear your views to help us improve our service. From time to time, we may contact you by post, email, telephone or fax to ask your opinions.  If you do not want to be contacted for this purpose, please mark feedback form accordingly.
Please note that there may be instances where it may be necessary for us to communicate with you, in any event, for administrative or operational reasons relating to our service.
Disclosures of your information
We will never pass your personal or professional information to anyone else, except where we are required or permitted to do so by law. We may also use and disclose information in aggregate (so that no individual customers are identified) for marketing and strategic development purposes.
Other web sites
Our web site may contain links to other web sites which are outside our control and are not covered by this Privacy Policy. If you access other sites using the links provided, the operators of these sites may collect information from you which will be used by them in accordance with their privacy policy, which may differ from ours.
Access rights
To obtain a copy of the personal information Tesco holds about you, please write with full details to us at: Data Protection Officer, Raisin Social Ltd. Linden House, 34 Crowhurst Mead, Godstone, Surrey RH9 8BF