http://www.usdigital.com/company/legal/privacy-policy
We will be closed for the holidays from Wednesday, December 23rd, 2020 through Sunday, January 3rd, 2021.
Our offices reopen Monday, January 4th, 2021 at 6:30 am PST.
Thank you for your continued business and we look forward to serving you in the new year!
Important information regarding US Digital Coronavirus (COVID-19).
Home
Company
Legal
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This Online Privacy Policy covers US Digital's treatment of "Personal Information" that US Digital receives. By accessing or using the US Digital websites, you agree to the terms of the US Digital Privacy Policy, as outlined below. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not access or use this site. US Digital reserves the right to change this Online Privacy Policy from time to time at its sole discretion. Your use of this site will be subject to the most current version of the Online Privacy Policy at the time of such use.
Need for Personal Information
Do not provide Personal Information about yourself unless US Digital specifically requests information which identifies you and/or your company. If you elect to order products from US Digital, we may ask that you provide Personal Information, such as your first and last name, mailing address, billing address, email address, employer, job title and department, telephone and facsimile numbers, and other personal identifying information. When ordering products, you may be asked to provide a credit card number. Depending upon the activity, some of the information that we ask you to provide is identified as mandatory and some as voluntary. If you do not provide the mandatory data with respect to a particular activity, the order will be cancelled.
Phone Ordering
For secure ordering, US Digital accepts orders by phone. US Digital employs physical security, secure storage mechanisms and strict access policies to help protect information we collect via phone. Please call 360-260-2468 and speak with a Customer Service representative.
Online Ordering
US Digital offers online ordering to select customers. Information transmitted to US Digital's web servers should be encrypted to ensure data integrity and confidentiality. For this reason, US Digital offers encryption via SSL (secure sockets layer) when communicating directly with US Digital's web servers. US Digital works to protect your security by using SSL certificates from reputable certificate authorities. However, due to certificate spoofing, hijacking, and other attacks, it is your responsibility to verify the authenticity, integrity and status of any SSL certificates used during communication with US Digital's web servers.
For your security, US Digital highly recommends that you log out of your account when you are finished with your transactions. US Digital's web servers will actively log you out of your session if they detect a prolonged period of inactivity.
To protect against unauthorized account access, US Digital does not offer extended account access (also known as "remember me" functionality) beyond the scope of standard session timeouts. Various mechanisms exist to streamline account access. See your specific browser documentation for more information on storing site usernames and passwords.
When submitting credit card numbers or sensitive payment account credentials during the checkout process, US Digital does not handle data transmission through web servers or networks under US Digital's control. In these cases, US Digital web servers host external payment processing forms through iframes or similar web technologies which offload transmission of credit card numbers or payment account credentials away from US Digital's web servers and networks. In addition, US Digital does not store credit card numbers or payment account credentials in system memory, session state, files or databases; however, US Digital stores other Personal Information, billing and shipping information associated with online orders.
US Digital has no direct control over hosted external payment processing forms and services and is unable to actively verify the authenticity and security of these forms and services. Up-to-date browser technologies often provide reasonable assurances of authenticity and security of such forms and services. For this reason, US Digital requires that you use up-to-date secure web browsers and plugins when using our websites.
Please see our Website Disclaimer for more information.
Sharing of Personal Information
Information about our Customers is an important part of our business; with respect to your privacy, US Digital does not share or sell Customer Information.
Web Server Logs
Each time there is a visitor to our websites, the web server automatically logs the consumer's domain name and IP address. We collect only the domain name of visitors to our websites, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, and information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations. We do not automatically collect email addresses unless you have created an account on usdigital.com for the purpose of ordering products online.
Cookies
We may place a text file called a "cookie" in the browser files of your computer. The cookie itself does not contain Personal Information although it will enable our websites to relate your use of the websites to information that you have specifically and knowingly provided to the site. In order to use features such as online ordering, US Digital requires that your browser accept cookies to ensure all processes function as intended.
In addition, US Digital places third-party cookies in your computer's browser files. This enables US Digital ads to appear on various websites which participate in specific ad networks while you browse the internet. If you would like information on opting out of this service, please visit https://www.google.com/settings/ads/onweb/ or http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ for more information.
Web Beacons and Tracking Artifacts/Scripts
US Digital's websites may contain 3rd party code which creates electronic images (known as web beacons - sometimes called single-pixel gifs), artifacts (elements) or scripts on our web pages. These items are used to collect information for US Digital's analytics purposes only. Automatic information such as IP addresses, network and computer information is automatically transmitted to 3rd party services. In addition, Personal Information regarding online orders and/or shopping preferences may be transmitted to 3rd party services to be used for US Digital's analytics purposes only. US Digital respects your privacy, and does not share or sell Personal Information gathered through 3rd party tracking or payment processing software.
Updating Personal Information
You have the right to access and correct your Personal Information at any time. You may also access and correct your Personal Information and privacy preferences by writing or calling US Digital at the following address and phone number:
US Digital Corporation Attn: Customer Service 1400 NE 136th Ave. Vancouver, WA 98684 USA
PH: 360-260-2468
Please include your name, address, and e-mail address when you contact us.
Privacy Related Complaints
If you believe that US Digital has not complied with this Online Privacy Policy with respect to your Personal Information, you may write US Digital at the address indicated above.
In your letter, please describe with much detail as possible the ways in which you believe that the US Digital Online Privacy Policy has been breached. We will investigate your complaint promptly.
If you have questions about this policy, please e-mail us at webmaster@usdigital.com
More in Legal
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions of Purchase
Terms & Conditions of Sale
Website Disclaimer