https://www.heatandcontrol.com/privacy-policy
Heat and Control, Inc. Privacy Policy
Heat and Control, Inc. ("Heat and Control," "we," "our," or "us") is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy explains how your personal information is collected, used and disclosed by Heat and Control. This Privacy Policy applies to our websites, including www.heatandcontrol.com (collectively, our "Service"). By accessing or using our Service, you signify that you have read, understood and agree to our collection, storage, use and disclosure of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use.
For the purposes of EU data protection laws ("Data Protection Law"), Heat and Control is data controller (i.e., the company who is responsible for, and controls the processing of, your personal data).
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT AND FOR WHAT PURPOSE?
The categories of information we collect can include:
Information you provide to us directly. We may collect personal information, such as your name, address, telephone number and email address when you register for our Service, sign up for our Newsletter, request information, or otherwise communicate with us. We may collect personal information, such as your name, address, telephone number and email address that you submit to us at trade shows, webinars and other events. We may also collect information about products and equipment, employment information and resume if you apply for a job with us, any communications between you and Heat and Control and any other information you provide to us.
Information we receive from third parties. From time to time, we may receive information about you from third parties, such as from strategic business partners. We may also collect information about you that is publicly available.
We use this information to operate, maintain, and provide to you the features and functionality of the Service, as well as to process applications for employment and communicate directly with you, such as to send you email messages or direct mail. We may also send you Service-related emails or messages (e.g., account verification, change or updates to features of the Service, technical and security notices). For more information about your communication preferences, see "Control Over Your Information" below.
LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING IN THE EU
In the EU, the purposes for which we process your personal data are:
the provision of personal data by you may be necessary for the performance of any contractual relationship we have with you;
where it is necessary for compliance with our legal obligations laid down by EU law;
where in our legitimate interests (provided these are not overridden by your interests and fundamental rights and freedoms - this includes our own legitimate interests and those of other entities and branches in our group of companies) such as:
to contact you and respond to your requests and enquiries;
for business administration, including statistical analysis;
to provide the Services to you; and
for fraud prevention and detection; and
to comply with applicable laws, regulations or codes of practices.
HOW WE USE COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGY TO COLLECT INFORMATION
Like most websites and online services, we and our third party partners automatically collect certain types of usage information when you visit our Service, read our emails, or otherwise engage with us. We typically collect this information through a variety of tracking technologies, including cookies, web beacons, embedded scripts, location-identifying technologies, and similar technology (collectively, "tracking technologies"). These tracking technologies collect information about how you use the Service (e.g., the pages you view, the links you click, and other actions you take on the Service), information about your browser and online usage patterns (e.g., IP address, browser type, browser language, referring / exit pages and URLs, pages viewed, whether you opened an email , links clicked), and information about the device(s) you use to access the Service (e.g., mobile device identifier, mobile carrier, device type, model and manufacturer, mobile device operating system brand and model, and depending on your mobile device settings, your geographical location data (which could include GPS coordinates (e.g. latitude and/or longitude) or similar information regarding the location of your mobile device), or we may be able to approximate a device's location by analyzing other information, like an IP address. We, or our third party partners, may link your various devices so that content you see on one device can result in relevant advertising and content displayed on another device, and so that we may recognize and contact you on the various devices you may use. We may also collect analytics data, or use third-party analytics tools, to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the Service. Although we do our best to honor the privacy preferences of our visitors, we are not able to respond to Do Not Track signals from your browser at this time.
We use or may use the data collected through tracking technologies to: (a) provide custom, personalized content and information, including targeted content and advertising; (b) recognize and contact you across multiple devices; (c) provide and monitor the effectiveness of our Service; (d) monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors, traffic, usage, and demographic patterns on our website; (e) diagnose or fix technology problems; and (f) otherwise to plan for and enhance our Service.
If you would prefer not to accept cookies, most browsers will allow you to: (i) change your browser settings to notify you when you receive a cookie, which lets you choose whether or not to accept it; (ii) disable existing cookies; or (iii) set your browser to automatically reject cookies. Please note that doing so may negatively impact your experience using the Service, as some features and services on our Service may not work properly. Depending on your mobile device and operating system, you may not be able to delete or block all cookies. You may also set your email options to prevent the automatic downloading of images that may contain technologies that would allow us to know whether you have accessed our email and performed certain functions with it.
We and our third party partners may also use cookies and tracking technologies for advertising purposes. For more information about tracking technologies, please see "Third Party Tracking and Online Advertising" below.
SHARING OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may share your personal information in the instances described below. For further information on your choices regarding your information, see the "Control Over Your Information" section below.
We may share your personal information with:
Other companies and brands owned or controlled by Heat and Control and other companies owned by or under common ownership as Heat and Control, which also includes our subsidiaries (i.e., any organization we own or control) or our ultimate holding company (i.e., any organization that owns or controls us) and any subsidiaries it owns. These companies will use your personal information in the same way as we can under this Privacy Policy;
With strategic business partners who may have products or services we think you may enjoy. When you submit certain personal information to us, e.g., at trade shows, webinars and other events, you consent to our sharing of such information with these strategic partners, who may contact you via email and direct mail about products and services that may be of interest to you;
Third-party vendors and other service providers that perform services on our behalf, as needed to carry out their work for us, which may include identifying and serving targeted advertisements, providing mailing services, providing analytic services, or web hosting services;
Other parties in connection with a company transaction, such as a merger, sale of company assets or shares, reorganization, financing, change of control or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company or third party, or in the event of a bankruptcy or related or similar proceedings; and
Third parties as required by law or subpoena or if we reasonably believe that such action is necessary to (a) comply with the law and the reasonable requests of law enforcement; (b) to enforce our Terms of Use. or to protect the security or integrity of our Service; and/or (c) to exercise or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Heat and Control, our visitors, or others.
We may also share information with others in an aggregated or otherwise anonymized form that does not reasonably identify you directly as an individual.
CONTROL OVER YOUR INFORMATION
How to control your communications preferences: You can stop receiving promotional email communications from us by clicking on the "unsubscribe link" provided in such communications. We make every effort to promptly process all unsubscribe requests. You may not opt out of service-related communications (e.g., responses to inquiries, transactional communications, changes/updates to features of the Service, technical and security notices).
Modifying, accessing or deleting your information: If you have any questions about reviewing, modifying, or deleting your information, or if you want to remove your name or comments from our website or publicly displayed content, you can contact us directly at privacy@heatandcontrol.com. We may not be able to modify or delete your information in all circumstances. Under applicable law, you may have the right to request access to any personal information that we may hold about them and to advise us if the information should be corrected. We will take all reasonable steps to make sure that any personal information collected, used or disclosed is accurate, complete and up to date. If you believe that the information we hold is inaccurate or out of date or would like to access that information, you may contact us at privacy@heatandcontrol.com.
THIRD PARTY TRACKING AND ONLINE ADVERTISING
Interest-Based Advertising. We participate in interest-based advertising and use third-party advertising companies to serve you targeted advertisements based on your browsing history. We may share, or we may permit third party online advertising networks, social media companies and other third party services, to collect, information about your use of our website over time so that they may play or display ads on our Service, on other devices you may use, and on other websites, apps or services, including on Facebook. Typically, though not always, the information we share is provided through cookies or similar tracking technologies, which recognize the device you are using and collect information, including click stream information, browser type, time and date you visited the site and other information. We may also share a common account identifier (such as an email address or user ID) to help us identify you across devices. We and our third party partners use this information to make the advertisements you see online more relevant to your interests, as well as to provide advertising-related services such as reporting, attribution, analytics, and market research. As noted above, depending on your browser or mobile device, you may be able set your browser to delete or notify you of cookies and other tracking technology by actively managing the settings on your browser or mobile device. You may also be able to limit interest-based advertising through the settings on your mobile device by selecting "limit ad tracking" (iOS) or "opt-out of interest based ads" (Android). To learn more about interest-based advertising and how you may be able to opt-out of some of this advertising, you may wish to visit the Network Advertising Initiative's online resources, at http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices, and/or the DAA's resources at www.aboutads.info/choices, and you may also adjust your ad preferences through your Facebook settings. Some of these opt-outs may not be effective unless your browser is set to accept cookies. Please note that opting-out of receiving interest-based advertising through the NAI's and DAA's online resources will only opt-out a user from receiving interest-based ads on that specific browser or device, but you may still receive interest-based ads on his or her other devices. You must perform the opt-out on each browser or device you use. You may also be able to opt-out of some – but not all – interest-based ads served by mobile ad networks by visiting http://youradchoices.com/appchoices and downloading the mobile AppChoices app.
Google Analytics and Advertising. We use Google Analytics to recognize you and link the devices you use when you visit our site or Service on your browser or mobile device, log in to your account on our Service, or otherwise engage with us. We share a unique identifier, like a user ID or hashed email address, with Google to facilitate the service. Google Analytics allows us to better understand how our users interact with our Service and to tailor our advertisements and content to you. For information on how Google Analytics collects and processes data, as well as how you can control information sent to Google, review Google's site "How Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps" located at www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/. You can learn about Google Analytics' currently available opt-outs, including the Google Analytics Browser Ad-On here https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/.
We may also utilize certain forms of display advertising and other advanced features through Google Analytics, such as Remarketing with Google Analytics, Google Display Network Impression Reporting, the DoubleClick Campaign Manager Integration, and Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting. These features enable us to use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick advertising cookie) or other third-party cookies together to inform, optimize, and display ads based on your past visits to the Service. You may control your advertising preferences or opt-out of certain Google advertising products by visiting the Google Ads Preferences Manager, currently available at https://google.com/ads/preferences, or by vising NAI's online resources at http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices.
HOW WE STORE AND PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION
Data storage and transfer: Your information collected through our website may be stored and processed in the United States, Australia, or any other country in which Heat and Control or our affiliates or service providers maintain facilities. If you are located in the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, please note that we may transfer information, including personal information, to a country and jurisdiction that does not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction. Such transfers are made pursuant to appropriate safeguards. If you wish to enquire further about these transfers, please contact us using the details set out at the end of this Privacy Policy.
Keeping your information safe: We care about the security of your information and employ physical, administrative, and technological safeguards designed to preserve the integrity and security of all information collected through our website. However, no security system is impenetrable and we cannot guarantee the security of our systems 100%. In the event that any information under our control is compromised as a result of a breach of security, we will take reasonable steps to investigate the situation and, where appropriate, notify those individuals whose information may have been compromised and take other steps, in accordance with any applicable laws and regulations.
For individuals based in the EU or Switzerland, we store personal data for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which we collect the data, see the section headed "What information do we collect and for what purpose?" above, unless otherwise required by law.
CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
We do not knowingly collect or solicit any information from anyone under the age of 13 on this Service. In the event that we learn that we have inadvertently collected personal information from a child under age 13, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from a child under 13, please contact us at privacy@heatandcontrol.com.
LINKS TO OTHER WEB SITES AND SERVICES
The Service may contain links to and from third party websites of our business partners, advertisers, and social media sites and our users may post links to third party websites. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for their policies. We strongly recommend that you read their privacy policies and terms and conditions of use to understand how they collect, use, and share information. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content on the websites of third party sites.
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
If you are a California resident, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits you to request information regarding the disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year. You may make one request each year by emailing us at privacy@heatandcontrol.com.
FOR RESIDENTS IN THE EU AND SWITZERLAND
If you are located in the EU or Switzerland, you have the following rights in respect of your personal data that we hold:
Right of access. The right to obtain access to your personal data;
Right to rectification. The right to obtain rectification of your personal data without undue delay where that personal data is inaccurate or incomplete;
Right to erasure. The right to obtain the erasure of your personal data without undue delay in certain circumstances, such as where the personal data is no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which it was collected or processed;
Right to restriction. The right to obtain the restriction of the processing undertaken by us on your personal data in certain circumstances, such as where the accuracy of the personal data is contested by you, for a period enabling us to verify the accuracy of that personal data;
Right to portability. The right to portability allows you to move, copy or transfer personal data easily from one organization to another; and
Right to object. You have a right to object to processing based on legitimate interests and direct marketing.
If you wish to exercise one of these rights, please contact us using the contact details at the end of this Privacy Policy.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint to your local data protection authority. Further information about how to contact your local data protection authority is available at http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.htm.
HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the website, please contact us at privacy@heatandcontrol.com.
USA Representative - Headquarters
Heat and Control, Inc.
21121 Cabot Blvd.
Hayward, CA 94545
USA
Ph. +1 510 259 0500
EU Representative
Heat and Control Pty., Ltd.,
Afton House, Starlaw Park
Livingston, EH54 8SF
Scotland
Ph. +44 1506 420 420
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
We may modify or update this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect the changes in our business and practices, and so you should review this page periodically. Continuing to use our Service after we publish changes to this Privacy Policy means that you are consenting to the changes.
This privacy policy was last modified on June 7, 2019.
Email Us
Select a department to email:
Sales
Service Support
Spare Parts
Human Resources
General