http://www.offdutyservices.com/privacy-policy-statement
Our postal address is1908 Avenue D, A100Katy, TX 77493
We can be reached via e-mail at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. or you can reach us by telephone at 281-346-2188
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes only the consumer’s domain name, but not the e-mail address (where possible).We collect information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations.
With respect to cookies: We do not set any cookies.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address.
From time to time, we make the e-mail addresses of those who access our site available to other reputable organizations whose products or services we think you might find interesting. If you do not want us to share your e-mail address with other companies or organizations, please let us know by calling us at the number provided above.
From time to time, we make our customer e-mail list available to other reputable organizations whose products or services we think you might find interesting. If you do not want us to share your e-mail address with other companies or organizations, please let us know by calling us at the number provided above.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by calling us at the number provided above.
Please provide us with your exact name and address. We will be sure your name is removed from the list we share with other organizations.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line will only receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders they have placed on-line.
Please provide us with your name and phone number. We will be sure your name is removed from the list we share with other organizations With respect to Ad Servers: We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically.
Customers may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by e-mailing us at the above address.
Upon request we offer visitors the ability to have inaccuracies corrected in contact information.
Consumers can have this information corrected by sending us e-mail at the above address.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number.