http://www.studiodue.com/cookie-policy/
Skip to Store Area:
Skip to Main Content
Skip to Footer
Newsletter
Signup ourNewsletter:
Search Site
Home
About us
Company Profile
Mission
Philosophy
Values
Where we are
Products
Architectural
Showlighting
Monochromatic
White Balance
Projects
Events
Media
Advertising
Catalogues
Download
Contacts Us
Contacts
Spare Parts Request
COOKIES (rev. 02/18)
We use cookies on our website in order to enable the use of certain website functions, analyze user activity on our website and offer certain third party services.
Cookies are small text files stored on your computer. Most of the cookies we use are deleted from your hard drive at the end of your browser session (“session cookies”). Other cookies remain on your computer and enable us to recognize your computer on your next visit (“persistent cookies”). In addition, cookies placed by third party providers are used on our website.
You can prevent the saving of cookies by selecting the appropriate browser setting. Please note, however, that if you do so, some functions of this website may not be fully available.
If you do not wish to have cookies stored on your computer, please deactivate the storing of cookies in your browser for our website or configure your browser so that cookies in general are not stored on your computer. You can also delete previously saved cookies using your browser.
Deactivating the use of cookies may also require that a persistent cookie be saved on your computer. If you delete this cookie at a later time, you have to deactivate cookies again.
The following categories of cookies are used on our website:
I. Session cookies
To facilitate browsing on our website, we place a session ID (“session identifier”) that is associated with each visitor when they start using our website. This session ID allows our server to identify you and/or your computer/browser as the same visitor, even if your IP address has changed.  This session ID makes it possible to associate multiple related requests by a user with a single session. The session ID cookie is only valid until the end of a session. When you close your browser, it is automatically deleted.
II. Persistent cookies
a. Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service of Google Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics also uses cookies that make it possible to analyze how you use the website, among other things. The information generated by these cookies is usually transmitted to a Google server in the US and stored there. Google uses this information on behalf of the operator of this website to analyze your use of the website, to compile reports about website activities and to render other services for the website operator related to use of the website and internet. These reports and services are used to continuously improve the offerings of this website.
You can prevent the saving of cookies by selecting the appropriate browser setting. Please note, however, that if you do so, some functions of this website may not be fully available.
Moreover, you can prevent the collection by Google of the data generated by these cookies and the data related to your use of the website (incl. your IP address) as well as the processing of this data by Google; to do so, click the following link, and download and install the Google plugin available for your browser: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.  Additional plugins of this sort are also available from other providers, depending on the browser used.
In light of the discussion around the use of complete IP addresses in analytic tools, we wish to note that this website uses Google Analytics with the “anonymizeIp()” extension and as such, the IP addresses are only processed in truncated form in order exclude direct association with a person. Your IP address is therefore truncated by Google within European Union member states and other signatories to the Treaty on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases is the full IP address transmitted to a Google server in the US and truncated there. The IP address supplied by your browser within the scope of Google Analytics is not combined with other Google data.
We then use this information to improve the emails we send you and the services we provide.
When subscribing to the newsletter and confirming your subscription, the IP address is saved with a time stamp in order to document your subscription in the event doubts arise. Furthermore within the framework of subscribing, we collect other personal data such as your first name, last name and email address. We use this data to personalize and deliver our newsletter mailings. The data is not provided to any other third parties. You can cancel your subscription at any time – either by using the convenient link at the bottom of every newsletter or via email.
III. Third party cookies
Services by third party providers are also integrated within the framework of our website. With regard to these services, however, processing of personal data performed by the providers listed below falls outside the scope of responsibility of the provider of this website.
a. Google Maps
Some pages of this website use Google Maps to depict interactive maps and generate directions.  Google Maps is a map service of Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA. Through the use of Google Maps, information about the use of this website, including your IP address and the (origin) address entered for the route planning function, is transmitted to Google in the US.
If you access a web page on our online presence that contains Google Maps, your browser establishes a direct connection with Google servers. The map content is directly transmitted by Google to your browser, which integrates it into the website. We therefore have no influence on the scope of data collected by Google in this manner.
To our knowledge, this includes the following data, at minimum:
• The date and time of the visit to the respective website,
• Internet address or URL of the accessed website,
• IP address,
• (Origin) address entered for route planning
We have no influence on the further processing and use of the data by Google, and therefore, we cannot assume any responsibility in this regard.
If you do not want Google to collect, process or use data about you via our website, you can deactivate JavaScript in your browser settings. In this case, however, you cannot use the map function.
For the purpose and scope of data collection and the further processing and use of the data by Google as well as your rights in this regard and settings options to protect your private sphere, please consult the Google privacy policy: http://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy/.
b. YouTube
Some pages of this website integrate YouTube videos or provide links to YouTube videos. YouTube is a video service of YouTube, LLC, 901 Cherry Ave., San Bruno, CA 94066, USA, represented by Google Inc. YouTube uses cookies to collect information about the use of the videos. The Google privacy also applies to YouTube and is available at http://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy/.
VIII.    Links to other websites
Our website contains hyperlinks to the websites of other providers. If you click on one of them, you will be directed from our website directly to the website of the other provider. This is evident from the change in URL in the address bar of your browser.
We cannot assume any responsibility for the confidential handling of your data by such providers, since we have no influence on the compliance of the other providers with data protection provisions. For information about how your personal data is handled by these providers, please consult their websites directly.
IX.    Security measures to protect your data
To protect your data, we take special technical and organizational security measures, which are reviewed and adapted to technological process on a regular basis.
Please note, however, that due to the structure of the internet, it is possible that data protection and data security rules will not be observed by other persons or institutions outside our scope of responsibility.
X.    Amendment of data protection provisions
Since amendments to legislation or changes in our internal company processes may make it necessary to amend our data protection provisions, we reserve the right to do so, and we ask that you read this data protection policy regularly.
Last updated: February 2018
Site Map
Search Terms
Advanced Search
LOGIN
Home
Company
Reference Projects
News
Events
Contacts
Follow Us
© Copyright 2011 Studio Due light srl • Strada Poggino, 100 • 01100 Viterbo (Italy) • tel. +39.0761.352520 (4 lines) • fax +39.0761.352653 • C.F. e P. IVA 05793121004Powered by illdesign.it(ver. 1.5.1.0)
This website uses 'cookies' to give you the best, most relevant experience. Using this website means you are Ok with this. You can change which cookies are set at any time - and find out more about them - by following this link (or by clicking the cookie link at the bottom of any page).
Close
More information