http://www.andritz.com/group-en/privacy-policy/terms-of-use
DISCOVER OUR BUSINESS
EN
Deutsch
English
Home
Industries
Products
Service solutions
Careers
About us
Investor Relations
Newsroom
Contact
ANDRITZ GROUP
Data privacy declaration
Terms of use
Information according to § 5 ECG
ANDRITZ GROUPThe content of the pages of this website is owned by ANDRITZ AG and/or its affiliates and/or subsidiaries (hereinafter collectively referred to as “ANDRITZ”). By accessing and using this website, you agree to the following terms. ANDRITZ reserves the right to change the terms unilaterally. By using the website after publication of changes, you accept the new terms.COPYRIGHTThis website is subject to copyright protection, with all copyrights retained by ANDRITZ. All rights reserved. This website may contain other proprietary notices, the terms of which must be observed and followed.The reproduction, transfer, distribution or storage of any information on this website without the prior written consent of ANDRITZ is prohibited. However, ANDRITZ does authorize you to store on your computer or to print copies of extracts from these pages for your personal use only. Individual documents on this website may be subject to additional terms as indicated in such documents.The use of press releases and other documents classified as public is permitted in public communications if the source of the information is stated.DISCLAIMERInformation on this website is provided "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement.Information on this website may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. Information may be changed or updated without notice. ANDRITZ may also make improvements and/or changes in the products and/or the programs described in this information at any time without notice. ANDRITZ does not warrant or represent that any information in this website is correct, complete or up-to-date. Therefore, anyone using these materials does so at his/her own risk.Information ANDRITZ publishes on the World Wide Web may contain references or cross references to ANDRITZ products, programs and services that are not announced or available in your country. Such references do not imply that ANDRITZ intends to announce such products, programs or services in your country. Consult your local ANDRITZ business contact for information regarding the products, programs and services that may be available to you.INFORMATION SUBMITTED BY USERSAny comments or materials sent to ANDRITZ including feedback data, such as questions, comments, suggestions, or the like regarding the content of any such documents (collectively "feedback"), shall be deemed to be non-confidential. ANDRITZ shall have no obligation of any kind with respect to such feedback and shall be free to reproduce, use, disclose, exhibit, display, transform, create derivative works and distribute the feedback to others without limitation. Further, ANDRITZ shall be free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in such feedback for any purpose whatsoever, including but not limited to developing, manufacturing and marketing products incorporating such feedback.LINKING AND FRAMINGLinks from other websites to the ANDRITZ websiteANDRITZ permits all links that do not alter the content of the ANDRITZ website in any way, which keep the source of the contents fully identifiable, and which present the linked ANDRITZ website in its entirety. The content of websites containing links to the ANDRITZ website must comply with the relevant legislation, especially regarding competition, copyright, trademark and criminal law. Such websites must not misrepresent the relationship with ANDRITZ . The use of frames to display the content of the ANDRITZ website is prohibited. The linking of websites with illegal content is prohibited. ANDRITZ reserves all rights in the event that websites are linked which contain material violating competition, copyright or trademark law, or any other illegal content. The linking of websites with offensive, distasteful, obscene or in any way controversial content is prohibited.Links from the ANDRITZ website to other websitesWhen links are made from ANDRITZ to other websites, external content shall not be altered in any way, the sources of the external content shall remain fully identifiable and the linked website shall be represented in its entirety. A new browser window is always opened when external content is displayed and framing technology is not used. ANDRITZ accepts no responsibility whatsoever for the legality of the content of external websites to which ANDRITZ is linked. In particular, ANDRITZ accepts no responsibility for any subsequent alterations made to this content.Publication of links on the ANDRITZ website by users of the websiteUsers of the ANDRITZ website may, amongst other things, publish links to other websites. Such links are transferred by means of electronic data transfer. ANDRITZ is not in a position to verify the legality of links transmitted in this way or to have any influence over the transfer process. ANDRITZ accepts no responsibility for links published on the ANDRITZ website in this way and which refer to websites that contain illegal, offensive, distasteful, immoral or in any way controversial material. The sole responsibility for such links lies with the user who transmitted the link. ANDRITZ reserves all rights in respect of the transmitter.LIMITATION OF LIABILITYIn no event will ANDRITZ be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, special or other consequential damages arising out of access to or any use of this website, nor for any content of this website or the content of any other hyperlinked website, including, without limitation, any lost profits, interruption of business, loss of programs or other data on your information handling system or otherwise, even if ANDRITZ has been expressly advised of the possibility of such damages. In no event shall the liability of ANDRITZ exceed the total amount, if any, paid by you to ANDRITZ for accessing this website. ANDRITZ is entitled at any time – also without prior notice - to terminate temporarily or finally all or part of the services or offers provided for under this website.TRADEMARKSAll names, logos, and marks appearing in this website, except as otherwise noted, are trademarks or service marks owned by ANDRITZ AG or its affiliates or subsidiaries (collectively, "ANDRITZ") in the geographic areas where ANDRITZ markets products bearing such marks. The use or misuse of these marks or any other content on this website, except as provided in the website content, is strictly prohibited.INDEMNIFICATIONYou agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless ANDRITZ AG and its employees and agents from and against any and all loss, costs, expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses) claims, damages and liabilities related to or associated with your use of this website and any violation of these terms by you.COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENTShould you discover any copyright infringing material or links at this website, please provide us with Feedback for corrective action.PRESS RELEASESANDRITZ aims to publish releases and other announcements and publications available on this website as soon as possible after they have been released to its press and analyst relations. You should not rely on the continued accuracy of any press release on this website beyond its date of issue. Information can become outdated quickly as time passes. ANDRITZ has no responsibility to update any information contained in any press release provided on this website. You should note the date on which any press release on this website was issued.APPLICABLE LAW AND SETTLEMENT OF DISPUTESThe ANDRITZ website is managed and operated by ANDRITZ AG. The headquarters are located in Austria, Stattegger Strasse 18, 8045 Graz. Any and all disputes related to or in connection with the use of this website are subject to Austrian material law with the exclusion of the UN Convention on the International Sale of Goods and the provisions of the Austrian laws on conflicts.The parties agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the competent courts of Graz, Austria for any and all disputes arising out of or in connection with the direct or indirect use of this website.SEVERABILITYIf any provision of these terms is held invalid, all other provisions of the present agreement shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect.