https://www.organicvalley.coop/privacy-policy/
About Your PrivacyCooperative Regions of Organic Producer Pools dba Organic Valley and its wholly owned affiliates (“CROPP Cooperative”), is committed to protecting the information users submit on our websites (www.organicvalley.coop, www.organicprairie.coop, www.rootstock.coop, www.farmers.coop, www.mightyorganic.com), (collectively referred to as “Websites”), or through our social media sites. This Privacy Policy explains what information we collect and how we use it. Because of the continuous development of technology, we will continue to evaluate, and explain how we use information user submits in our Privacy Policy.By accessing our Websites or social media sites, you accept the terms of this Privacy Policy.If you have any questions or comments about our Privacy Policy, please contact us via e-mail at organic(at)organicvalley.coop, or via mail at: Organic Valley, One Organic Way, La Farge WI54639.No Children Under 13Our Websites are not intended for children under 13. No one under 13 may provide any information on our Websites. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you are under 13, do not use or provide any information on the Websites, register on the Websites, make any purchases through the Websites, use any of the interactive or public comment features of the Websites, or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at organic(at)organicvalley.coop.Information We Collect and How We Collect ItWe collect information you voluntarily give us as well as information collected automatically.Personal and Other Information You Give UsThis includes personally identifiable information such as your name, postal address, e-mail address, photograph and financial information (when you buy products). You voluntarily provide this information when you fill in forms on our Websites, subscribe to our newsletters, register as a user or Farm Friend, enter a contest or promotion, respond to surveys, place purchase orders, make coupon requests, print coupons, or make coupon redemptions.You also may post comments via an on-line forum, offer recipes, respond to surveys, state preferences ("User Contributions"). Please be aware that your User Contributions posted on our Website are available for the public to see.If you post personal information when you interact on our social media sites, depending on your privacy settings, this information may become public on the Internet.We are not responsible for personal information you choose to post publicly on interactive portions of the Websites or our social media sites.Anonymous Information Collected Through Automatic Data Collection TechnologiesWhen you access our Websites, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about equipment used, browsing actions and patterns, including traffic data, location data,logs, the resources that you access and use on the Websites, information about your computer and Internet connection, including your IP address, operating system and browser type. We also may use these technologies to collect information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites or other online services.The technologies used for this automatic data collection may include:Cookies (or browser cookies). A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Websites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Website.Web Beacons. Pages of the Websites and our e-mails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs. pixel tags and single-pixel gifs) that permit us, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or [opened an e-mail] and for other related website statistics such as recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity.Targeting Cookies. When you click on “Share”, “Like”, or “Tweet” button that may be found on certain web pages of our Websites and which are linked to services provided by third parties such as YouTube, Vimeo, Flickr, Facebook, Twitter, and others, certain cookies may be generated by such third parties and shared with advertising agencies. We do not control the setting of these cookies nor the cookie data sent by your browser to third parties. Such data is not accessible to us. For more information about these cookies please check with these third party websites.Google Analytics. Our websites use Google Analytics to help analyze how users use the site by placing (i) cookies which are text files that collect standard Internet log information and visitor behavior information in an anonymous form, and (ii) a Double Click cookies which enable additional data collection based on Display Advertising. The information generated by the cookies about your use of the Websites (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the U.S. and other countries.Google Analytics collects information anonymously. It reports website trends without identifying individual visitors. You can opt out of Google Analytics without affecting how you visit our site – for more information on opting out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites you use, visit Google ad settings.Social Media Sites. If you engage with us through social media sites, or though features of our Websites that integrate with social media sites, you may allow us to have access to personal information and other information from your social media account.How We Use and Share Your InformationWe use your information:To improve the Websites and your user experience.To allow you to participate in interactive features on our Websites.To provide you with information, products or services.To share information about you with social media networks, or third parties, to allow for the delivery of customized advertising about products and services that you may be interested in. The delivery of customized social media ads, and your ability to opt-out of receiving those ads, is governed by the privacy policies of the social media companies who deliver customized ads to you.Disclosure of Your InformationWe may disclose aggregated non-personally identifiable information to third parties.We may also disclose personal information:To our subsidiaries or affiliates.To contractors, service providers and other third parties we use to support our business and who are bound by contractual obligations to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them.To third parties to market their products or services to you if you have not opted out of these disclosures. We contractually require these third parties to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them.To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it. For example, if you give us an e-mail address to use the "e-mail a friend" feature of our Websites, we will transmit the contents of that e-mail and your e-mail address to the recipients.We may also disclose your personal information:To comply with any court order, law or legal process, including responding to any government or regulatory request.To enforce our rights.If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of CROPP Cooperative, our customers or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.To repair our equipment, or the Websites.PromotionsWhen you enter a promotion such as sweepstakes or a contest which we sponsor, we ask for your personal information. Promotions may be sponsored by CROPP Cooperative, sponsored by a third party or may be co-sponsored by CROPP Cooperative and third parties. Some or all of the data collected during a promotion may be shared with the sponsors and the companies indicated on the Official Rules and/or entry form. Promotions that are hosted by a third party on a web site other than our Websites may be collected and used alone or in conjunction with CROPP Cooperative. The nature of this information sharing policy will be indicated on the Official Rules. To the extent of any conflict between the Official Rules and this Privacy Policy, to the extent that it applies, the terms of the Official Rules will control.Opt-OutAt any time if you do not want to receive e-mails or other materials from us, you may opt-out, by sending an e-mail to our consumer relations staff, organic(at)organicvalley.coop.If you sign-up for one of our newsletters, you may unsubscribe by clicking the ‘unsubscribe’ link in each communication.Correct, or Delete Your Personal InformationYou may send us an e-mail to organic(at)organicvalley.com, requesting that we correct or delete any personal information that you have provided to us. We may not accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect.If you delete your User Contributions from the Websites, copies of your User Contributions may remain viewable in cached and archived pages, or might have been copied or stored by other Website users.Data SecurityWe have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration and disclosure. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the Internet is not 100% secure. While we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Websites, we will take all reasonable steps to safeguard this information once we receive it.Your California Privacy RightsCalifornia Civil Code Section § 1798.83 permits users of our Website that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to organic@organicvalley.coop , or write us at: CROPP, attn:  Legal Dept.  One Organic Way, La Farge, WI 54639.Changes to Our Privacy PolicyWe may make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time. Your continued use of our Websites after we make changes conveys your acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.
Featured FarmerHolterholm FarmsRead their storyRelated ProductsLactose-Free MilkSlicesSour Cream
The fresh news keeps coming.
Sign up for our newsletter and we'll send you a coupon to try Organic Valley products.
Submit