http://www.tallan.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Tallan knows that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly. This page describes our privacy policy. By visiting Tallan.com or using applications built by or services provided by Tallan, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
What Personal Information Does Tallan Gather?
The information we learn from our users helps us personalize and continually improve your business experience with Tallan.  Here are the types of information we gather.
Information You Give Us: We receive and store any information you enter on our Web site or give us in any other way. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our features. We may use this information to contact you and make you aware of Tallan’s services and applications.
Automatic Information: We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. For example, like many Web sites, we use “cookies,” and we obtain certain types of information when your Web browser accesses Tallan or advertisements and other content served by or on behalf of Tallan on other Web sites.
E-mail Communications: To utilize the business value of Tallan, you will receive email messages from our system from time to time. These emails will alert you to such things as updates to our services and applications.
What About Cookies?
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser to enable our system to recognize your browser and to provide features such as personalized advertisements on other Web sites with content served by Tallan
The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. Additionally, you can disable or delete similar data used by browser add-ons, such as Flash cookies, by changing the add-on’s settings or visiting the Web site of its manufacturer. However, because cookies allow you to take advantage of some of Tallan’s essential features, we recommend that you leave them turned on. For instance, if you block or otherwise reject our cookies, you will not be able to use any Tallan products and services that require you to Sign in.
Does Tallan Share the Information it Receives?
Information about our customers is an important part of our business, and we are not in the business of selling it to others. We share customer information only as described below and with subsidiaries Tallan, Inc. controls that either are subject to this Privacy Policy or follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Privacy Policy.
Promotional Offers: Sometimes we send offers to selected groups of Tallan customers on behalf of other businesses. When we do this, we do not give that business your name and address.
Business Transfers: As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy subsidiaries, or business units. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Policy (unless, of course, the customer consents otherwise). Also, in the unlikely event that Tallan, Inc., or substantially all of its assets are acquired, customer information will, of course be one of the transferred assets.
Protection of Tallan, Inc. and Others: We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law; enforce or apply our Terms of Use and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of Tallan, Inc., our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction. Obviously, however, this does not include selling, renting, sharing, or otherwise disclosing personally identifiable information from customers for commercial purposes in violation of the commitments set forth in this Privacy Policy.
With Your Consent: Other than as set out above, you will receive notice when information about you might go to third parties, and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information
How Secure Is Information About Me?
We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input.
It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer.
What About Third-Party Advertisers and Links to Other Websites?
Our site currently does not include third-party advertising and links to other Web sites.
Which Information Can I Access?
Tallan gives you access to publicly available information about the company and our services and applications. This information can all be found at http://www.Tallan.com.
What Choices Do I Have?
As discussed above, you can always choose not to provide information, even though it might be needed to take advantage of essential features.
The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. Additionally, you can disable or delete similar data used by browser add-ons, such as Flash cookies, by changing the add-on’s settings or visiting the Web site of its manufacturer. However, because cookies allow you to take advantage of some of Tallan’s essential features, we recommend that you leave them turned on. For instance, if you block or otherwise reject our cookies, you will not be able to use any Tallan products and services that require you to Sign in.
Are Children Allowed to Use Tallan?
Tallan.com and Tallan’s services and applications are business applications. We expect that everyone who uses Tallan is using it for either legitimate business purposes or training for future business use. If you are under 18, you may use Tallan only with the permission of a parent or guardian.
Terms of Use, Notices, and Revisions
If you choose to visit Tallan.com or use any of Tallan’s services or applications, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice and our Terms of Use, including limitations on damages, resolution of disputes, and application of the laws of the state of Connecticut. If you have any concern about privacy, please contact us with a thorough description, and we will try to resolve it. Our business changes constantly, and our Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use will change also. We may e-mail periodic reminders of our notices and conditions, unless you have instructed us not to, but you should check our Web site frequently to see recent changes. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Policy applies to all information that we have about you and your account. We stand behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers.
Menu