http://www.gregory1.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment
Gregory values and respects your privacy. We collect customer information in an effort to improve your experience and communicate with you about our products, services and promotions. We do not sell or rent your personal information to unrelated third parties. As described in this policy, we may share your information, under certain circumstances, with third parties with whom we have contracted to provide products or services on our behalf. This policy describes the personal information we collect about you, why we collect it, how we use it and when we share it with third parties. Our policy also describes the choices you can make about how we collect and use your information.
Information We Collect
We collect information, such as name, e-mail and postal addresses, phone and credit card information when you visit our website, place an order online, by phone or mail, save your information with us online or participate in a promotion or survey. We may maintain a record of your product interests and the purchases you make online or by phone. When you visit our website we may collect and store anonymous analytics information in server log files or cookies. This information may include IP addresses, browser type, basic IP information, referring pages, operating system used and date/time stamps. This information does not identify individual users; it is used only for site administration and for analysis of website usage and trends.
How We Use Information
When you place an order or make a purchase from us, we use your personal information to process your order, send you e-mails to confirm your order or to contact you via phone, mail or e-mail (if we have questions regarding your order or purchase). When you place an order, make a purchase or save your information online, we may use your e-mail and postal address to send you information about our products, services, and promotions and to help us learn more about your shopping preferences. If you participate in a promotion, we may use your personal information to send you e-mails, postal mail or telephone regarding our products, services and promotions. In addition, we may use information about you and your product interests and purchases from us to help us improve our website design and your online shopping experiences.
Security
Protecting your privacy and your information is very important to us. We have taken appropriate measures to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your information. Our employees who have access to information collected on our website or through other means are aware of our privacy policy and have been trained in the policy's proper application. Your information is only accessible to those employees who need it in order to perform their job.
E-mail Communications
You may elect not to receive e-mails from us. If you do not opt out of our e-mail program, we may use your e-mail address to send you e-mails which may interest you. E-mails will likely contain information regarding our products or offerings. To opt out from these e-mails, you may send an e-mail with the word "unsubscribe" in the subject line to announcements@gregory1.com. Please include the e-mail address(es) you wish to unsubscribe in the message body. An unsubscribe link will also appear at the end of each e-mail we send you, which you may use at any time to be unsubscribed from all future computer mailings.
Information Sharing
We do not rent, sell or share your personal information with other people or non-affiliated companies except to provide products or services you've requested, when we have your permission or under the following circumstances: we provide the information to partners who work on our behalf or under confidentiality agreements (these companies may use your personal information to help us communicate with you about products and offers); we respond to subpoenas, court orders and legal process or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims; we may share information in order to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of our Terms of Use or as otherwise required by law.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
If we make any material changes in our privacy practices, we will use reasonable efforts to post a notice on our website notifying users that there has been a change and we will use reasonable efforts to detail changes in the privacy policy area of our website. We recommend you check our website periodically for modifications to this policy.
Children's Privacy
We are concerned about the safety of children when they use the Internet and will never knowingly request personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 17.
Cookies
Our site makes use of cookies to enhance your experience when visiting our website. Cookies are small digital signature files that are stored by your web browser which allow your preferences to be recorded when visiting our website or track your return visits to the site.
External Links
Our website may contain links to other websites (e.g. manufacturer websites) that are not controlled by us. We are not responsible for the privacy practices and/or policies of any website not controlled by Gregory, Inc.
Contact Us
We use e-mail links located on the "contact us" page and other areas of our website to allow you to contact us directly with any questions or comments you may have. We read every message sent in and will try to reply promptly if you request information or otherwise require a response. We may file your comments to improve our website or our products or we may review and discard the information.
If you have any questions about our privacy policy, you may contact us by sending an e-mail to webmaster@gregory1.com and a member of our team will contact you within a reasonable time frame.
Sign Up For Savings
Gregory only works with resellers of large and grand format signs and graphics. We are your strategic silent "Wholesale 2 Trade" partner. We verify you are a reseller before showing the low wholesale pricing on this website.
SIGN UP! LOGIN
×Close
Add New Shipping Address
Company Address
Address 2
City
State
Zip Code
Add New Address
×Close
Login to your Account
Your Email*
Your Password*
LOGIN NOW I Forgot My Password