http://www.jewettcameron.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Updated May 24, 2018
Jewett Cameron is committed to your right to privacy, and we will only use your data as set out in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Notice explains how we process information that can be used to directly or indirectly identify you as an individual (“personal data”) collected through our website/app (“site”) or otherwise. Please read this information carefully.
For further information about shopping on jewettcameron.com, please read our Terms and Conditions, FAQs and Delivery Information.
PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
Data provided by you. Through our site, you may typically provide us with the following data:
Contact data, such as your name, postal address, email address and telephone number.
Order data, such as your order of products, and purchase history. We do not process your payment details, as this is handled by a third party payment service provider.
Communication data, such as when you contact our customer support or otherwise communicate with us.
Marketing data, such as your marketing preferences, and data relating to competitions you have participated in or surveys you have responded to.
Data collected about you. When you use our site, we will typically collect the following data:
Technical data, such as data on the type of pc/mobile device, internet connection, operating system, web browser and IP address.
Usage data, such as when you log in and out of your account, and your clicks, navigation, mouse movements and page scrolling on our site.
Location data, such as data on your location when using our site.
Preference data, such as information about which products, services and activities that you have indicated an interest in.
Social media data, such as your Facebook user name, if you chose to log in by the Facebook log-in tool.
WHY WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
These are the most important purposes for which we use your personal data:
To manage your user account (if you chose to create one). For this purpose, we typically use contact data and social media data.
To manage and fulfil your orders. For this purpose, we typically use contact data and order data.
For bookkeeping purposes. For this purpose, we typically use order data.
To provide customer service and handle potential claims. For this purpose, we typically use contact data, order data and communication data.
To administer any prize draws or competitions you may enter. For this purpose, we typically use contact data and marketing data.
To provide access to the site and enhance the user expertise. For this purpose, we typically use technical data, usage data, location data and preference data.
For analytics, such as market, customer and product analysis. For this purpose, we typically use aggregate data that may not be linked to you, however we may use order data and preference data.
For marketing purposes. For this purpose, we typically use user data, marketing data, location data, and preference data.
Our legal basis for processing your personal data for purposes 1 – 5 is that it is necessary to fulfil our agreement with you and to comply with our legal obligations. Using social media data is usually based on your consent, which you may withdraw at any time.
Our legal basis for processing your personal data for purpose 6 is our legitimate interest in enabling your access to our site, presenting relevant products and content to you, and giving you a pleasant user experience, and for purpose 7 our legitimate interest in business development.
Our legal basis for processing your personal data for purpose 8 is our legitimate interest in communicating offers to you, or your consent, as further explained below (Marketing).
MARKETING
We want to communicate relevant offers, events, news and exclusives to you unless you have opted-out from receiving such communication. If required by law, we will only do so with your consent, which you may withdraw at any time.
HOW WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We share your personal data with our service providers to the extent that this is necessary to provide our products and services to you. We may also share personal data with other entities within our group for processing of data within the scope of this Privacy Policy. Your data may be disclosed to authorities if required by law.
With your consent, we may share personal data to other third parties.
As the recipients mentioned above may be established anywhere in the world, the personal data may be transferred globally. If data originating from the EEA is transferred to countries outside the EEA, we will adopt appropriate safeguards to protect the privacy such as by means of agreements.
HOW LONG WE STORE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We will store your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. These are the criteria that we use to determine when we will delete your data:
We retain data to the extent required by law (such as tax/bookkeeping laws)
We retain data such as contact data, order data and communication data to the extent relevant for limitation periods for potential claims (typically two to five years after date of a purchase)
We retain data such as contact data, order data, marketing data, location data and preference data as long as you have consented to receive marketing communication from us.
We typically delete other data two years after your last interaction with us (such as last purchase or last communication) or shortly after you have deleted your profile on our site.
HOW WE PROTECT YOUR PERSONAL DATA
Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site. Any transmission is at your own risk.
YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS
Within the conditions/limitations set out in applicable law, you have the following privacy rights:
Right to information. You have the right to obtain further information on our use of your personal data.
Right of access. You have the right to receive a copy of your personal data.
Right to rectification. You have the right to ask us to correct your personal data if it is incorrect or incomplete, such as by changing your details on your account.
Right to be forgotten. You have the right to request the erasure of your data if we do no longer need them.
Right to restrict processing of personal data. You have the right to request that we suspend our use of your personal data.
Right to data portability. You have the right to obtain personal data that you have provided to us in a format that enables you to transfer that personal data to another organization. You may also have the right to have your personal data transferred directly from us to such organization.
Right to object to processing of personal data. You have the right to object to our use of your personal data, such as to unsubscribe to marketing emails.
Right to prevent automated decision making. You have the right not to be subject to automated decision making (such as automated credit scoring),
You can exercise your rights on our site (My Account) or by contacting us.
If you think that we have processed your personal data in a manner that is not in accordance with data protection law, we hope that you contact us, so that we can provide answers and correct any misunderstandings. You have the right to make a complaint to the relevant data protection authority). If you live or work in another EEA country, you may contact the authority in your country.
COOKIES
We use cookies on our site.
CONTACT
If you have any comments or queries in connection with our Privacy Policy or wish you use any of your privacy rights, please email Support@jewettcameron.com
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY NOTICE
This Privacy Notice was last updated on [May 24th, 2018]
This Privacy Notice may change from time to time. We will notify you by appropriate means if we make any changes of significance to you. You will always find the latest version of this Privacy Notice on our Site.
×
Continue shopping
Add to Cart