http://www.espn.com/espn/news/story?page=help
Skip to navigation
<
>
Member Services FAQ6yBelichick makes it clear: 'Cam's our quarterback'New England Patriots5hMike ReissNBA unfulfilled by Kyrie statement, issues fineBrooklyn Nets10hMalika AndrewsOats' query: Coach K's call to halt tied to losses?Alabama Crimson Tide13hMyron MedcalfSources: Phillies finalizing deal with DombrowskiPhiladelphia Phillies12hJeff PassanGa. Tech's Collins downplays Narduzzi handshakeGeorgia Tech Yellow Jackets5hSherman: 'Miracle' needed for '21 return to 49ersSan Francisco 49ers10hNick WagonerCan't stop, won't stop: Army-Navy plays on despite different location and pandemic21hIvan MaiselWhat we'll miss without 'The Game,' and what we're watching instead in Week 15Michigan Wolverines23hDavid M. Hale and Harry Lyles Jr.Deiveson Figueiredo's first Vegas trip: Two title fights, a bag of cash and UFC history2dIgor ResendeAfter a brutal loss and facing serious doubt, Tony Ferguson is at a crossroads at UFC 25622hBrett OkamotoSources: NBA crafting COVID-19 vaccine policy18hBrian WindhorstBoston College first to say no thanks to bowl bidBoston College Eagles16hAndrea AdelsonEmbiid buries hatchet with new 76ers assistantPhiladelphia 76ers15hTim BontempsRanking UConn's 10 best all-time freshman seasonsUConn Huskies20hMechelle VoepelThe 25 Greatest: Donovan, Beckham on MLS list dominated by Galaxy21hChris WrightPogba, Man United and Raiola: Unpacking what this week's 'shock' transfer news means18hGabriele MarcottiBallon d'Or 2020 was canceled this year, but who should have won? Our experts decide23hESPNRemember Pro Beach Hockey? Ramps, two-point goals and sandy inline skates22hChris PetersWhy the stars are aligned for the 75th U.S. Women's Open1mCharlotte GibsonFantasy basketball draft kit: Rankings, mock drafts, sleepers, projections and analysis9dESPN.com staffVettel: My time at Ferrari was a failure19hNate SaundersFacebookTwitterFacebook MessengerEmailJun 11, 2015FacebookTwitterFacebook MessengerPinterestEmailprintMember ServicesWhat are the Terms of Use and Privacy Policies for ESPN.com?How do I recover my Member Name?How do I recover my Password?How do I modify my account?How do I modify my ESPN.com newsletter preferences?How do I personalize ESPN.com?How do I sign up for alerts?Does ESPN.com registration cost anything?Why am I unable to register on ESPN.com (are there any minimum age requirements)?GamesHow do I contact the League Office for Fantasy Games?How do I clear my cache and cookies?For billing issues please click here to contact us.InsiderWhat are the renewal and cancellation terms?For billing issues please click here to contact us.MEMBER SERVICES WHAT ARE THE TERMS OF USE AND PRIVACY POLICIES FOR ESPN.COM? To view the Terms of Use, please click on this link below:
http://disney.go.com/corporate/legal/terms.htmlTo view our Privacy Policy, please click on this link below:
https://disneyprivacycenter.com/To view our California Privacy Policy, please click on this link below:
https://disneyprivacycenter.com/notice-to-california-residents/HOW DO I RECOVER MY MEMBER NAME?You can have your Member Name sent to you by clicking on the Log In link at the top right of this page in the black navigation bar. When the Log In screen opens, select "Forgot username", fill out the requested information and submit.
HOW DO I RECOVER MY PASSWORD?
You can have your password sent to you by clicking on the Log In link at the top right of this page in the black navigation bar. When the Log In screen opens, select "Forgot password", fill out the requested information and submit.HOW DO I MODIFY MY ACCOUNT?
To modify your account information (email address, display name, etc.), first Log In at the top right of this page in the black navigation bar, then open the drop-down menu from the user profile icon (this is the icon that replaces the Log In link once you are successfully logged in). From the drop-down, select "Account Information" link on the left side of the menu, under the "Manage my" section.
HOW DO I MODIFY MY ESPN.com NEWSLETTER PREFERENCES?
To modify your ESPN.com newsletter preferences, first Log In at the top right of this page in the black navigation bar, then open the drop-down menu from the user profile icon (this is the icon that replaces the Log In link once you log in). From the drop-down, select "Newsletters" link on the left side of the menu, under the "Manage my" section.
HOW DO I PERSONALIZE ESPN.COM?You need to be a registered ESPN fan in order to set your preferences to get your favorite sports, teams, scores and player news all on the front page.If you're already a registered fan, just follow these simple steps:1) If you're not already logged in, click on the Log In link at the top right of this page in the black navigation bar2) Open the drop-down menu from the user profile icon (this is the icon that replaces the Log In link once you log in). From the drop-down, select click or tap on the gearicon to the right of "Favorites" title on the top right of the menu. While logged in, you can also access your Favorites settings through the left-hand Favorites Column onhttp://www.espn.com, either through the gear icon at the top of the column or the "Manage Favorites" button at the bottom of the column.If you're not a registered fan, just follow these steps:1) Register for a free ESPN user account by clicking on Log In link at the top right of this page in the black navigation bar and select the Sign Up button.
HOW DO I SIGN UP FOR ALERTS?We recommend that you complete the registration and alert customization using a computer, these steps are listed below. If you do not have access to a computer, you can register an ESPN.com account using your wireless handset.Once registered, to set up alerts on your mobile device follow the steps below:1. If you haven't already, download the ESPN App from your mobile device's app store
2. Open the ESPN app on your mobile device
3. Log In with your ESPN account credentials
4. Tap on the Gear icon in the top right of the app home screen
5. Tap "Edit Alerts" (Note: you must have allowed the ESPN to send alerts in your devices Settings. If you have not, a pop-up will appear with instructions on how to do so.)6. Toggle on/off for Breaking News, Gambling & Instant Awesome
7. Tap on your favorite team to show options for alerts you can set for that team. Tap the toggle switch to turn alerts on/off.DOES ESPN.com REGISTRATION COST ANYTHING?
Registration for an ESPN account is free. If you have signed up multiple times, we suggest you pick one account to use regularly.WHY AM I UNABLE TO REGISTER ON ESPN.COM (ARE THERE ANY MINIMUM AGE REQUIREMENTS)?
You must be at least 13 years old to register. Anyone 12 and under will be unable to register on ESPN.com.GAMESHOW DO I CONTACT THE LEAGUE OFFICE FOR FANTASY GAMES?
Please contact the league office directly through the following web forms:Fantasy Football
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy BaseballHOW DO I CLEAR MY CACHE AND COOKIES?
Clearing browser cookies:
(Please note: clearing your cookies will remove any stored settings for sites previously visited.)Chrome
1. Click the Chrome menu (icon with 3 horizontal bars) on the top right of the browser toolbar.
2. Select "More tools".
3. Select "Clear browsing data". NOTE: You can also access this menu by holding Ctrl + Shift + Delete.
4. In the dialogue that appears, select the tickboxes for cache and cookies.
5. Use the menu at the top to select the amount of data that you want to delete. Select "beginning of time" to delete everything.
6. Click "Clear browsing data".Clear cookies for Internet Explorer 11
1. Select Tools (via the Gear Icon). Click on Internet Options in the menu then click on the Delete button in the Browsing History section of the General tab.
2. NOTE: You can also access this menu by holding Ctrl + Shift + Delete.
3. The Delete Browsing History panel will appear
4. Uncheck Preserve Favorites website data then check both Temporary Internet Files and Cookies
5. Click Delete
6. Click X or Accept to exit the panel.Clear cookies for Internet Explorer 9&10
1. Select Tools (via the Gear Icon) > Safety > Delete browsing history....
2. NOTE: You can also access this menu by holding Ctrl + Shift + Delete.
3. Tools, Safety, Delete browsing history...
4. Make sure to uncheck Preserve Favorites website data and check both Temporary Internet Files and Cookies.
5. Click Delete.
6. You will get a confirmation at the bottom of the window.
7. Click OK to close.Clear cookies for Internet Explorer 7&8
1. Click "Start" and select "Control Panel".
2. (Note: With Windows XP Classic View click the Windows "Start" button and select "Settings" and "Control Panel").
3. Open the Internet Options icon.
4. Click the "General" tab if it isn't selected already.
5. Under the Browsing history section, click the "Delete" button.
6. Click the "Delete cookies" button.
7. Select "Yes" if a box appears to confirm.
8. Click "OK" to close the window.Clear cookies for Mozilla Firefox 3.x
1. In Mozilla Firefox select "Tools" from the file menu.
2. Select "Options".
3. Click the "Privacy" icon in the top panel.
4. Click "Clear all current history."
5. In the pop-up panel, check cache and cookies
6. Click "Clear Now"
7. Click "X" in the top right of the window to exit.Clear cookies for Mozilla Firefox 2.x
1. In Mozilla Firefox select "Tools" from the file menu.
2. Select "Options".
3. Under the "Private Data" heading, click the "Clear Now button".
4. Click "OK" to exit.Clear cookies for Mozilla Firefox 1.x
1. In Mozilla Firefox select "Tools" from the file menu.
2. Select "Options".
3. Click the "Privacy" icon in the top panel.
4. Click the "Cookies" tab.
5. Check the "Clear Cookies Now" button.
6. Click "OK" to save and close.Clear cookies for Safari on Mac OSX
1. Click on the Safari menu.
2. Select the "Security" icon at the top panel.
3. From the Security dialog box, click "Bookmarks".
4. Click "Show Cookies".
5. From the Cookie dialog box, click to choose cookies from espn.com, and click "Remove" alternatively, if you want to delete all cookies, click "Remove All".
6. Click "Done"..Clear cache for Safari on Mac OSX
1. Click on the Safari menu.
2. Click on "Empty Cache".
3. In the pop-up panel, click "Empty".Clear cookies for Safari 8.0+
1. Click on the Safari menu.
2. Select the "Security" icon at the top panel.
3. From the Security dialog box, click "Bookmarks".
4. Click "Show Cookies".
5. From the Cookie dialog box, click to choose cookies from espn.com, and click "Remove" alternatively,
6. if you want to delete all cookies, click "Remove All".
7. Click "Done".Clear cache for Safari 8.0+
1. Click on the Safari menu.
2. Click on "Preferences".
3. Click on the Privacy tab.
4. Click "Remove all website data".
5. In the pop-up panel, click "Remove Now".INSIDERWHAT ARE THE RENEWAL AND CANCELLATION TERMS?Our Insider FAQ has moved! Please visit the Insider Support Portal HERE for detailed information regarding ESPN Insider subscriptions.