http://www.alliedfiberglass.com/privacy_policy.asp
Home
Products
Audience
Industries
About Us
Contact Us
Allied Molded Products LLC.
#1 provider of architectural planters, recycling & waste receptacles
Privacy Policy
Home
> Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment to Privacy
We are committed to protecting the privacy of your personal information. To better protect your privacy, we provide this Privacy Policy explaining our online and offline information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or Terms of Use, please
contact us at: Allied Molded Products, 1145 13th Avenue East, Palmetto, FL 34112
Keeping You Informed of Changes
We may need to change this policy from time to time in order to address new issues and reflect changes on our site. We will post changes here so that you will always know what information we gather, how we might use that information and whether we will disclose that information to anyone. Please refer back to this policy regularly.
Online Information Gathering
Information collected online is often defined as being either anonymous or personally identifiable. Anonymous information cannot be tied back to a specific individual. Personally identifiable information lets us know the specifics of who you are, such as your name, email or postal address, phone and fax numbers. The choice of how much of your personally identifiable information you choose to disclose to Allied Molded is left completely up to you.
On certain pages of our site, we give you the option of providing us with names, addresses, fax numbers, e-mail addresses, demographic and other personal and financial information. This information will be used to send requested materials, a tax receipt (if a donation is made), or purchased items. We do not gather this more personal information without your knowing and active permission and participation.
Non-disclosure
We will never intentionally disclose any personal information collected from you on our site to any third party without having received your permission. In other words, without such permission, we will not sell, rent, loan or give personally identifiable user information collected from you on our site to marketers or any other third parties. The only exception to this is if Allied Molded Products is required by law enforcement or judicial authorities to provide personally identifiable information to the appropriate governmental authorities. However, as with any Internet transmission that is not encrypted, the risk of disclosure to unintended third parties exists.
Information Requests
If you have provided us with any personal information during a prior visit to or use of Allied Molded Products' website, you may request that we delete your personal information in its entirety from the databases maintained in connection with our site by writing to Allied Molded Products, 1145 13th Avenue East, Palmetto, FL 34112. These same options may be used to change or modify information previously provided to us.
Security
It is Allied Molded Products' policy that personal information, such as your name, postal and email address or telephone number, is private and confidential. Accordingly, the personal information you provide is stored in a secure location, is accessible only by designated staff and is used only for the purposes for which you provide the information.
Hold Harmless and Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Allied Molded Products, its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers, from and against any claims, actions or demands and liabilities including without limitation reasonable legal and accounting fees, resulting from or alleged to result from your use of this site in a manner that violates or is alleged to violate these conditions.
BY ENTERING THE SITE YOU HEREBY EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT ALLIED MOLDED PRODUCTS AND ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, AGENTS AND EMPLOYEES SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY DAMAGES, CLAIMS, DEMANDS OR CAUSES OF ACTION, DIRECT OR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE, AS A RESULT OF YOUR USE OF THE SITE OR ANY INFORMATION YOU OBTAIN ON IT OR ANY OTHER INTERACTION WITH ALLIED MOLDED PRODUCTS. IN DOING SO, YOU AGREE THAT YOU ARE WAIVING VOLUNTARILY AND UNEQUIVOCALLY ANY LIABILITY OF ALLIED MOLDED PRODUCTS.
Acceptance of Privacy Policy and Terms of Use
By using this website, you signify your acceptance of our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
© 2008-2017 Allied Molded Products, LLC. All Rights Reserved.      Privacy Policy
|
Site Map
|
Customer Login