http://www.shakespeare-fishing.co.uk/Shakespeare-privacy-policy.html
Shakespeare
Shop
Rods
Casting Rods
Coarse Rods
Fly Rods
Poles
Specimen Rods
Spinning Rods
Combos
Fly Combos
Spinning Combos
Reels
Baitcast Reels Round
Spinning Reels
Fly Reels
Tools
Accessories
Bait Management
Bite Indicators
Catch Management
Nets
Rod Management
Tackle Management
Terminal Tackle
Floats
Fly
Rigs
Luggage
Bag
Gear Bag
Holdall
Rucksack
Tackle Management
Apparel
Waders
Chairs
Chairs
Line
Monofilament
Fly Line
Bait
Hard Bait
Motors
Motors
Home
»
Customer Service
»
Privacy Policy
Customer Service
Privacy Policy Shakespeare-fishing.com is committed to protecting your privacy and has created this statement to outline our approach in this regard. The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for our web site (www.Shakespeare-fishing.com). If you have any concerns, comments or complaints, please feel free to email us at contactus@shakespeare-fishing.com. Information We Collect Shakespeare-fishing.com collects general information as you browse our site to help us diagnose problems with our server, administer our web site, and analyze broad demographic information about our visitors. The following information is obtained:
IP Address - We use IP addresses to measure site traffic and help provide relevant shopping experiences. Your IP address is not linked to your customer information. Referral Site - If you visit our site via a link, the location of the referral is captured. This information helps us determine where our customers come from. Browser Type - This information is captured to help optimize our site to match the latest technology used by our customers. Movements through our site - We keep track of the pages you visit to help us provide a more personalized and relevant shopping experience.
In addition, our site uses an order form for customers to request products. This order form allows us to obtain contact (email, address, and phone number) and payment information (credit card number). This information is used to confirm your order and respond to any questions you may have. Where required, we also share this information with certain intermediaries (UPS, USPS, Pure Fishing, Inc.) strictly to process and ship your order. We do not sell, rent, or loan customer information to any third parties. We do reserve the right to sell customer data in conjunction with a sale of the company or any of its assets. Shakespeare-fishing.com allows customers to maintain a Customer Profile to aid in the input of future orders. The Customer Profile contains contact information only; we do not maintain payment information in our customer database. This optional feature is available during the order process. You may change the information in your Customer Profile at any time by visiting the My Account link. We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here. Lastly, to improve our services, we may from time to time request some of our customers to complete a voluntary survey. Survey answers are confidential. If you do not wish to participate in a survey, simply decline participation when asked. Correspondence From Us To keep you informed about our latest offers, we may notify you of exclusive Shakespeare promotions, specials, and new additions to our web site. Contacting Us If you have any questions about this Privacy Statement, the practices of this site, or any of your dealings with us, please contact us at contactus@shakespeare-fishing.com.
Customer Service
Warranty & Service
Owners manuals
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Customer Service
Back to Top
A brand from Pure Fishing, Inc.
© 2020
Our Brands