http://www.generalrv.com/about/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Premier RV Supercenters Nationwide
Have a question? 248-662-9910
Search6,000+ RVs
New or Used
New and Used
New Only
Used Only
RV Type
All Types
Cargo RV with Living Quarters
Destination Trailer
Expandable
Fifth Wheel
Folding Pop-Up Camper
Motor Home Class A
Motor Home Class A - Diesel
Motor Home Class A - Diesel - Toy Hauler
Motor Home Class A - Toy Hauler
Motor Home Class B
Motor Home Class B - Diesel
Motor Home Class B+
Motor Home Class B+ - Diesel
Motor Home Class C
Motor Home Class C +
Motor Home Class C - Diesel
Motor Home Class C - Diesel - Toy Hauler
Motor Home Class C - Toy hauler
Motor Home Super C - Diesel
Other
Park Models
Park Trailer
Teardrop Trailer
Toy Hauler Expandable
Toy Hauler Fifth Wheel
Toy Hauler Travel Trailer
Travel Trailer
Truck Camper
Features
All Floorplans
Bath and a Half
Bunk Over Cab
Bunkhouse
Front Bath
Front Bedroom
Front Cargo Deck
Front Entertainment
Front Kitchen
Front Living
Kitchen Island
Loft
Murphy Bed
Outdoor Entertainment
Outdoor Kitchen
Rear Bath
Rear Bedroom
Rear Entertainment
Rear Kitchen
Rear Living Area
Rear Twin
Side Ramp
Two Entry/Exit Doors
Two Full Baths
U Shaped Dinette
V-Nose
Walk-Thru Bath
Wheelchair Accessible
Stock # or Model
Search
OR, search RVs your vehicle can tow!
Tow Guide
Online Privacy Policy
General RV is dedicated to helping you make the most of your online experience at our site with a trusted environment. This privacy policy discloses how we collect, protect, use, and share information gathered about you on our site, or through our Customer Programs, including the General RV Customer Loyalty Program. General RV hopes that this disclosure will help increase your confidence in our company and enhance your experience on our Website. Your continued use constitutes your agreement to the Privacy Policy terms, the Terms of Use, and the terms of the General RV Customer Loyalty Program (if you are a member). We may have links on our website to other websites that General RV does not control. Our standards of privacy protection may not apply to these websites, and you should govern yourself accordingly.
Q1: What Type Of Information Is Collected By General RV, And Why Is The Information Being Collected?
General RV never intends to collect personal information of anyone younger than 13, in accordance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA). If you are 13 or younger, you must get your parents’ permission to use this website. The majority of the products and services on our site are offered without the collection of any personally identifiable information. Some activities on the site require a collection of personally identifiable information. Examples of those activities include requesting promotional literature, applying to the General RV Customer Loyalty Program, entering a contest or sweepstakes (if applicable), making a purchase, or contacting us. When personally identifiable information is collected, you will be providing the information of your own free will. You will have to fill out a form. Generally, we collect your name, phone number, address, email address, birth date, gender, and zip code.
Information Collected from You with Technology
General RV's site collects some information about the types of technology that you are using. This may not be readily apparent to you. By way of example, your IP address is collected when you visit our site, so that we know where to send any information you request. An IP address is often associated with the place from which you enter the Internet, like your ISP (Internet service provider), your company, or your university. This information is not personally identifiable. General RV's site uses information collected through technology to make our site more interesting and useful to you. This includes helping advertisers on our site design advertisements our Guests might like. In most cases, we do not combine this type of information with personally identifiable information. However, we will combine this information with personally identifiable information to identify a visitor in order to enforce compliance with our rules, policies, Customer Loyalty Program, or to protect our service, site, guests, or others.
What Are Cookies, and How Does General RV Use Them?
Cookies are pieces of information stored in a file on your computer when you visit a Website. These files allow the Website to remember important information that will allow the site to be more useful. General RV and other companies use cookies for a variety of purposes. You have the option on your computer to turn on a warning for each time a cookie is being sent, or to turn off all cookies all together. You do this through your browser (like Netscape Navigator, Internet Explorer, and Firefox) settings. Each browser is a little different. You can find your cookies setting by looking in that browser's Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies' settings. If you turn cookies off, you will not have access to features or Websites that many people think make your web experience more efficient. Also, some of our services will not function properly.
We use Google Analytics to help analyze how visitors use our website. We may also use Remarketing with Google Analytics to advertise online. We, along with third-party vendors, including Google, use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) together to inform, optimize, and serve ads based on people's past visits to our website. Users may opt-out of Google's use of cookies by visiting the Google Ad Preferences Manager.
Q2: How does General RV use the personally identifiable information that has been collected?
General RV uses personally identifiable information in a number of ways. We use the information to mail you requested promotional literature, to set up your General RV Online Parts Store account, or to help you register for our Customer Loyalty Program. Information we collect may be used to send you mail or email advertisements, or updates about our site, products, services, or programs. We also use the information you provide to send you General RV's email promotions and special offers from our third-party sponsors. We might also contact you about customer surveys on our products and services, or use information provided to discover the products, services, or information our customers care about.
Q3: Does General RV share information with companies or other organizations not a part of the General RV's family of sites?
One of the most valuable assets of our business is our customers. We are not in the business of selling information about visitors to our website. However, this is sometimes a value for our customers, so General RV will share your information or send you messages on behalf of another company as described below. We also share information for security reasons.
Companies that are "Standing in the Shoes" of General RV
Sometimes General RV hires companies to help us deliver products or services, like a shipping company that delivers an online purchase. In those instances, we need to share your information with them. These companies are basically "standing in the shoes" of General RV. They are allowed to use the information only to deliver the product or service.
Companies Offering Promotions, Products, or Services
From time to time, we offer promotions, such as sweepstakes, in conjunction with a sponsor. General RV shares your information with the sponsors if they need it to send you information about the promotion. We may share your information with those sponsors so that they can send you other special promotions they offer, and we share it only with that specific sponsor. In addition, General RV may send mail or email promotions to our customers on behalf of third-party sponsors. In those instances, we do not share your name with the third party, but do the mailing of the promotion for the company.
Organizations That Help Protect the Security and Safety of Our Guests and Our Site
We give out personal information as required by law, for example, to comply with a Court Order or Subpoena; to enforce our Terms of Service, our Customer Loyalty Program terms or other program terms, or site or game rules; or to protect the safety and security of our customers and the General RV sites.
Q4: What choices do I have about General RV collecting, using, and sharing my information?
It is possible for you to use our site without giving us any personally identifiable information. When registering with us or giving General RV any personally identifiable information, you have an opportunity at the time we collect your information, to limit email communications from General RV and from our third-party partners. You can request, at any time, that General RV not send future mail or email to you either by unsubscribing from the communication or by contacting us at http://generalrv.com/contact-us. In addition, as mentioned above, you can limit the information collected through technology, although some features of the website will not work if you decide to do this.
Q5: What type of security does General RV provide?
The importance of security for all personally identifiable information associated with our customers is of utmost concern to us. General RV takes technical, contractual, administrative, and physical security steps to protect all visitors' information. You can also take some steps to help protect the security of your information. One of these steps is to never give out your user name or password. This information is used to access all of your account information. You should also always sign out of your account and close your browser window when you finish using the Internet so that other people using the same computer will not have access to your information.
Q6: How can I access my account information?
You can access the personally identifiable information you gave us to create your General RV online parts store or General RV Customer Loyalty Program account, respectively, in the “My Account” section of our website. You will need to be logged into the site in order to access the information.
Q7: Whom do I contact with questions or concerns about this privacy policy?
If you need further assistance, please send us an e-mail with your questions or comments.
Q8: Does General RV Have Additional Policies for Mobile Applications?
Yes. If you download a mobile application from us, we can use a service provider to send you push notifications containing marketing messages to your mobile device. Many devices allow you to opt out of these types of notifications by accessing your device's application and/or the notification settings for any app from General RV. General RV has no control over the permission notifications of the app that may be provided to you and/or downloaded from a third party app store, nor do we have any control over the ability of your device to opt-out of these push notifications.
If you download our mobile app, we may also send you push notifications based on your location. If your location settings are activated on your device, we can do this. Your ability to turn off location settings, and the method for how you do that, varies according to your mobile device. In fact, you may not be able to deactivate location based notifications without turning off all location services on your mobile device.
If you choose to share your location with us, we use a service provider to determine your approximate location based on one or more of the following: network location (cell tower triangulation) technology, Global Positioning System (GPS), and Wi-Fi signals. If you do not want us to have access to your location, you should change your location settings as permitted by your mobile device. You agree that General RV has no responsibility, or liability, legal or otherwise, for the function of location settings within any mobile device.
Once you allow location based tracking through a mobile application or mobile website, you agree that we can collect and use your location data, and that we can continue to do so until you turn off your location settings and/or opt out of that usage, as your mobile device may be permit. You also agree that we can use this location based data to track your general shopping patterns and stores that you visit, and that we can collect and study this data to help us understand your, and general consumer patterns and trends.
Q9: Does General RV Have Additional Policies Regarding Third-Party Advertisers and Network Advertisers?
Yes. We allow other companies to advertise on our sites. Once you click on an advertisement and/or link that causes you to leave our site, our privacy policy no longer applies. You must read the privacy policy of the other individual, advertiser, or company to see how your personal information will be handled on their site and/or by them.
In addition, business advertisements are placed on our site and managed by third-party companies. These companies are called "network advertisers." Network advertisers may collect information when you click on, or scan one of their advertisements. The information is collected using technology, such that you may not realize that it is being collected. The network advertisers collect this information so that they can show advertisements that are more relevant and interesting to you and others.
Q10: Will Things Change As Your Business Develops and/or If It Is Sold?
Yes. Things change overtime. In addition, we may sell certain portions of our assets or business. In such transactions, visitor information (including personally identifiable information), may constitute a part of the transferred business assets. In addition, if we, or one of our affiliates, have their assets acquired, visitor information (including personally identifiable information) will likely be an asset that is reviewed and transferred as part of that transaction.
In addition, due to the changing nature of the Internet, we may change this policy, or any of our other policies, from time to time, without notice to you. We may do this based on your comments, our own ideas, or the need to accurately reflect our data collection and disclosure practices as they change. This policy is effective July 1, 2015. It may be changed at any time thereafter. We will endeavor to notify all users of our website of material changes to our policy by placing them on the website within 30 days of their effective date.