http://www.stm-assoc.org/site-information/privacy-statement/
Home
About
About STM
About the industry
STM Board
STM Committees
Who’s Who
STM China
STM Japan
STM North America
Job Listings
Coronavirus (Covid-2019)
Our Work
Intellectual Property
Committee
Enforcement Task Force
Infringement & Piracy
Permissions
Licensing
Litigation & Settlements
Standards & Technology
Executive Committee (STEC)
Future Lab Committee
Tech Trends 2024
2020 STM Research Data Year
SeamlessAccess
Working Group on Peer Review Taxonomy
Working Group on Image Alterations and Duplications
S&T Various Topics
Partner Organisations
Standards
Webinars & Presentations
Early Career Publishers
Committee
ECPC Sub-groups
Careers Development
STM Mentoring Programme 2021
Industry Survey 2014
Policy & Advocacy
Committee
Access / Open Science
Text and Data Mining – TDM
Resources
Communications
Committee
Press Room
Research4Life / Outreach
Research4Life Programmes
Membership
Benefits of joining
How to join
Code of conduct
Meeting our members
Our Members
STM Affiliate Society Membership Program
Committee
News
Events & Training
Events
Event Sponsorship Opportunities
Industry Events
Training
Library
Press Room
Contact
Join our mailing list
Log in
Skip to content
Site Information
Privacy StatementCookie Policy
Home » Site Information » Privacy Statement Privacy Statement
Who we are
This website, homepage at www.stm-assoc.org, is owned by the International Association of Scientific Technical and Medical Publishers, STM, which has its office at Prins Willem Alexanderhof 5, Den Haag, 2595 BE, The Netherlands
The purpose of this Privacy Statement and how you should respond to it
This Privacy Statement, together with other documents referred to here, sets out our privacy policy and the basis on which any personal data we collect from you or that you provide to us, will be processed by us.
The purpose of this Privacy Statement is to assure you that we recognise and respect the privacy and personal data of visitors to this website and to explain what personal information we collect, how we use it and how we ensure its protection. Other websites linked to this website are not covered by our privacy policy. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance by you of the terms of this Privacy Statement. If you do not accept these terms, please leave this website immediately.
What information we collect about you
We collect information such as your name, the company or organisation you represent and the title of your position there, and your contact details. We also collect information relevant to your membership of STM or as a result of your participation in the activities of STM or arising out of attending events and courses presented by STM.
How we collect the information
We collect this information through this website:
when you register or update your details using online forms on this website;
by recording data through the use of cookies. More information on our use of cookies is here.
Other details may be collected from printed forms, such as membership applications and renewals, emails or telephone communications, or through surveys or questionnaires.
How we use the information we collect
We use your personal information for recording details of orders, bookings, deliveries and payment to allow you to participate in our events and courses, and to help us present content from this website in the most effective manner for you.
We also use your personal information for making records of participants in our activities. The information is used to deliver our services to users of this website and to participants in our events and courses and out other activities.
We may also use the information to contact you about events and courses arranged or co-arranged by STM or important activities of STM, or to alert you about relevant products and services of STM that we believe will be of interest to you.
Information collected in surveys and questionnaires may be used in anonymised reports.
To whom we pass on information
We will share information with personnel engaged by STM in order to deal with the day-to-day administration of the membership, events and courses and other activities of STM and the products and services of STM.
We will share your information with third party consultants, contractors and other persons engaged by STM only to maintain its membership records and services, to arrange its events and courses and to support its other activities and the provision of its products and services. Such third parties will be subject to a confidentiality clause or a non-disclosure agreement in relation to the use of your information to protect your data.
Information you give in response to surveys or questionnaires may be used by us to improve our services to our members and their officers and employees and to other users of our services, and also in anonymised reports about STM or its members or the industry in which they are active.
How long we keep the information
We retain personal information in our records until such time as you notify us that you do not wish to be contacted by us. After your notice, we will keep a basic record of your personal information indicating your preference.< br /> Personal information collected in respect of the maintenance of membership of STM, specifically the representatives of its members, is retained in our records for so long as the relevant member remains a member of STM and for so long as the person concerned is a representative of the member in the affairs of STM.
Members’ access credentials
Members of STM may, on request, obtain access credentials for the members-only section of this website, consisting of a login and password, to retain for the benefit of their officers and employees.
If you have access credentials and wish no longer wish to have access to the members-only section of this website, you may notify us, whereupon your access credentials will be deleted. STM is also entitled to delete access credentials for persons and entities who cease to be a member of STM. Upon deletion of access credentials, we retain a basic record of the information supplied to obtain the credentials and the fact of that deletion.
If you have access credentials, you are required to keep them secure and not to share them with anyone.
STM Members and Officers
STM holds the personal data of representatives of its members and of its officers and committee members and uses the data for:
communications in respect of STM meetings, projects and all its other activities
delivery of STM’s newsletters and publications
membership information on STM’s website.
Other than set out above, the terms of this Privacy Statement apply equally to STM’s members, officers and committee members.
Steps we take to secure the information
Personal information is stored on secure servers in the United Kingdom and the Netherlands. Access to servers is restricted to personnel engaged by STM and authorised third parties solely for STM’s purposes.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to this website, and any transmission is at your own risk.
The legal basis for holding your personal information
We hold your personal information either on the basis of your consent1 or, in the case of STM’s members and STM’s officers and committee members, we hold their personal information on the basis of the legitimate interest of enabling their participation in STM’s activities and to enable STM to further its aims and objectives. STM, as a trade association representing its members, will also have the personal data of representatives of other national and international organisations and third parties with whom it has to communicate to further its aims and objectives on the basis of its legitimate interest.2
Your rights in relation to personal information we hold about you
If you would like to change any personal information we hold about you that has been collected by your use of this Website or want to change your preferences, please contact us at info@stm-assoc.org.
You have the right to access personal information we hold about you. Any access request is subject to a fee of GBP10 to cover administration costs. If you wish to exercise this right of access, please contact:
International Association of Scientific Technical and Medical Publishers, STM Prama House 267 Banbury Road Oxford OX2 7HT United Kingdom
Changes to this Privacy Statement
The internet and data privacy best practice are both developing. We therefore reserve the right to revise our privacy policy at any time. If this Privacy Statement changes in any way, we will place an updated version on this page. Regularly reviewing this page ensures you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances, if any, we will share it with other parties.
If you have a question, comment or complaint in respect of this Privacy Statement, please contact us at info@stm-assoc.org.
(Version: 10th May 2018)
1Art 6(1)(a) of the European Union General Data Protection Regulation, Sch 2 para 1 of the Data Protection Act, 1998, of the United Kingdom, and Art 8(a) of the Personal Data Protection Act (WBP) of the Netherlands.</br > 2Art 6(1)(F) of the European Union General Data Protection Regulation, Sch 2 para 6 of the Data Protection Act, 1998, of the United Kingdom, and Art 8(f) of the Personal Data Protection Act (WBP) of the Netherlands.
This site uses cookies to enhance your experience:
Find out more.Okay, thanks