http://www.banktennessee.com/privacy-policy
Skip Navigation
Documents in Portable Document Format (PDF) require Adobe Acrobat Reader 5.0 or higher to view,download Adobe® Acrobat Reader.
Skip Navigation
×
Personal
Checking
Savings, CDs, IRAs
BankSmart
Mobile Banking
Online Banking
eStatements
Telephone Banking
Loans
Credit Cards
Business
Checking & Savings
Commercial Lending
Legal Community
Treasury Management
Mobile Banking
Online Banking for Business
Remote Deposit
Merchant Services
Business Credit Cards
Work Perks
Mortgage
Products
Free Rate Quote
Application Documents
Mortgage Glossary
Connect
ABOUT
About Us
Board of Directors
News & Media
REORDER CHECKS
Personal Checks
Business Checks
CONTACT
Contact Us
Branches
Report Lost Card
Security Center
Calculators
Frequent Questions
BankTennessee’s mission is to meet your financial needs while respecting your privacy and to maintain the security and confidentiality of information you provide to us.
What does BankTennessee do with your personal information?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
Social Security number and Income
Account Balance and Payment History
Transaction History and Credit History
When you are
no longer
our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
How?
All financial companies need to share customers’ personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers’ personal information; the reasons BankTennessee chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does BankTennessee share?
Can you limit this sharing?
For our everyday business purposes–
such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes–
to offer our products and services to you
Yes
Yes
For joint marketing with other financial companies
No
We Don't Share
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes
– information about your transactions and experiences
No
We Don't Share
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes
– information about your creditworthiness
No
We Don't Share
For our affiliates to market to you
No
We Don't Share
For non-affiliates to market to you
No
No
Questions?
Call 901-854-0854 or go to www.banktennessee.com
Who we are
Who is providing this notice?
BankTennessee
What we do
How does BankTennessee protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.
We also maintain other physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect this information and we limit access to information to those.
How does BankTennessee collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you
Open an account or Pay our bills deposit money
Apply for a loan or Use your credit or debit card
Make deposits or withdrawals from your account
We also collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus or other companies.
Why can't I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only
Sharing for affiliates’ everyday business purposes—information about your creditworthiness
Affiliates from using your information to market to you
Sharing for non-affiliates to market to you
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing.
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and non-financial companies.
BankTennessee has no affiliates .
Nonaffiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and non-financial companies.
BankTennessee does not share.
Joint marketing
A formal agreement between non-affiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
BankTennessee does not have any joint marketing partners.
Other important information
Download our Mobile Banking App
Google Play and the Google Play logo are trademarks of Google Inc.
Apple and the Apple logo are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries.
Read more on our accessibility statement