http://www.smartexhibits.com/pages/terms-conditions
Skip to content
Search
Floor Displays
Banner Stands
Table Top Displays
Table Covers
Flags/Banners/Tent
Accessories
UPLOAD FILES
Graphic Specs
Legacy Graphics
Account
Terms & Conditions
Thanknk you for visiting SMARTEXHIBITS.COM (the "Web Site") and reviewing our Privacy Policy. Your privacy is important to us, and our policy is simple: we will collect no personally identifiable information about you when you visit the Web Site unless you choose to provide that information. This Privacy Policy does not describe information collection practices on other sites, including those linked to or from the Web Site.
What Type of Information We Collect and Use:The server on which the Web Site is located collects and saves only the default information customarily logged by web server software. Such information may include the date and time of your visit, the originating IP address, and the pages and images requested.
Like most Web sites, SMARTEXHIBITS.COM also collects and logs information automatically and through the use of electronic web beaconing tools that may be transparent to you, such as your IP address, the name and location of your Internet Service Provider, the type and version of your browser, the length of time that you stay on SMARTEXHIBITS.COM, search queries, your click-stream data, the location that referred you to SMARTEXHIBITS.COM and the average number of pages viewed. SMARTEXHIBITS.COM does not create, place or analyze data "cookies."
If you visit another Web site prior to browsing SMARTEXHIBITS.COM, that Web site might place information within a URL, such as search queries, which may be logged by us. Your IP address is the identifier assigned to your particular computer when you access the Internet. Depending on how you connect to the Internet, your IP address may always be the same, or it may change each time you access the Internet. Note that logging your IP address does not provide us with personally identifiable information such as you name, e-mail address or home or work address.
Changes and Updates to This Policy:We reserve the right to change the information, services, features and policies at any time. We will post changes to this and any other policies on this website in writing.
Copyright NoticeThe materials and services on this site are protected by copyright and/or other intellectual property laws and any unauthorized use of the materials or services at this site may violate such laws. Except as expressly provided herein, Smart Exhibits and its suppliers do not grant any express or implied right to you under any patents, copyrights, trademarks, or trade secret information with respect to the materials and services.Except as specifically permitted herein, no portion of the information or documents on this site may be reproduced in any form or by any means without the prior written permission of Smart Exhibits.
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify and hold Smart Exhibits, and its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents, co-branders or other partners, and employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of content you submit, post to or transmit through this site, your use of this site, your connection to this site, your violation of the rules, or your violation of any rights of another person or entity.You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Smart Exhibits., its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors, suppliers and any third party information providers to this site from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any violation of these rules (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing this site.
Governing Law and JurisdictionThis site (excluding linked sites) is controlled by Smart Exhibits from its headquarters within the state of Minnesota, United States of America. By accessing this site, you and Smart Exhibits agree that all matters relating to your access to, or use of, this site shall be governed by the statutes and laws of the State of Minnesota, without regard to the conflicts of law's principles thereof. Smart Exhibits makes no representation that materials on this site are appropriate or available for use in other locations, and accessing them from territories where their contents are illegal is prohibited. Those who choose to access this site from other locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws.
TrademarksThe trademarks, logos and service marks ("marks") displayed on this site are the property of Smart Exhibits or other third parties. You are not permitted to use the marks without the prior written consent of Smart Exhibits or such third party which may own the marks. Smart Exhibits and the Smart Exhibits. logo are trademarks of Smart Exhibits.
Payment Methods
The following payment methods are accepted at Smart Exhibits:
American Express
MasterCard
Visa
Payment is due at the time of checkout and your order will not be processed until payment is received.
Shipping
Smart Exhibits will not be held liable for any delays in the shipping of products.  The lead times indicated on this website are only estimates.  These estimates should not be misconstrued as actual amounts of time for production.  Smart Exhibits will also not be held liable for any third party carrier delaying in the delivery of products.  All claims must be processed directly with the third party carrier.  Smart Exhibits will honor its return policy for products that are not received in a customer's expected time frame.  However, please review the Return Policy and Product Exemptions to Return Policy to make sure your order can be returned.
All international shipments are subject to additional fees such as duties, taxes and customs clearance fees.  These fees are the responsibility of the client.  In the event that these fees are charged to Smart Exhibits, these fees will be paid on behalf of the client and in turn will be billed to the client.  The credit card that was used to place the order will be charged for these additional fees.
Limitation of LiabilityYou expressly understand and agree that Smart Exhibits shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential or exemplary damages, including but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, goodwill, use, data or other intangible losses (even if Smart Exhibits has been advised of the possibility of such damages), resulting from:1. The use or the inability to use the site; 2. The cost of procurement of substitute goods and services resulting from any goods, data, information or services purchased or obtained or messages received or transactions entered into through or from the site; 3. Unauthorized access to or alteration of your transmissions or data; 4. Statements or conduct of any third party on the site; or 5. Any other matter relating to the site.In no event will Smart Exhibits be liable for:1. Any incidental, consequential, or indirect damages (including, but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, business interruption, loss of programs or information, and the like) arising out of the use of or inability to use the service, or any information, or transactions provided on the service, or downloaded from the service, or any delay of such information or service. Even if Smart Exhibits or its authorized representatives have been advised of the possibility of such damages, or 2. Any claim attributable to errors, omissions, or other inaccuracies in the service and/or materials or information downloaded through the service. 3. Because some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, the above limitation may not apply to you. In such states, Smart Exhibits's liability is limited to the greatest extent permitted by law.
Comments or Questions
For Comments or Questions concerning these Terms and Conditions please contact us:
Smart Exhibits.2460 Gaplin Court #120Chanhassen, MN 55317
952-448-3049
info@smartexhibits.com
Choosing a selection results in a full page refresh.
Press the space key then arrow keys to make a selection.