http://www.umusic.co.uk/terms.html
Updated: 17/06/2020
WEBSITE GENERAL TERMS OF USE
ABOUT US
These terms and conditions (“Terms of Use”) apply to your use of this website,
including any subdomains and systems (the "Website"). This is a legal agreement. It
grants you certain rights and imposes certain obligations on you in connection with your use of the Website. You
should read this document carefully.
The information on this Website is communicated by Universal Music Operations Limited (registered company number
00950138) with its registered office at 4 Pancras Square, London, N1C 4AG, United Kingdom
(“Universal”). To contact Universal, please email us at info@umusic.com.
GENERAL
These Terms of Use, together with the documents referred to herein, explain the terms and conditions that apply to
your use of the Website, its content and any of its related subdomains. By choosing to access and use the Website
you are accepting and agreeing to be bound by these Terms of Use. If you do not agree with these Terms of Use you
should not use the Website.
If you are under the age of 16 you should obtain the consent of your parents or legal guardians before using this
Website. You and your parents or legal guardians should also read the Safe Surfing Guide on the Website.
Our Website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our Website. We use cookies in accordance with our
Cookies Policy.
The Website will be made available to you free of charge in consideration of your acceptance of these Terms of
Use.
We reserve the right to change these Terms of Use at any time, without providing you with any notice. It is your
responsibility to check them regularly or each time before you use the Website.
You expressly agree that use of the Website and related services is at your sole risk. The Website, Materials (as
defined below) and related services are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis.
Universal makes no representations or warranties with regard to the Website or any Materials therein, whether
express or implied, arising by law or otherwise, including, without limitation, any implied warranty of
merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement or any implied warranty arising out of
course
of performance, course of dealing or usage of trade.
Access to the Website site is permitted on a temporary basis and we do not guarantee that the Website site, or any
Materials, will always be available or be uninterrupted.  We may suspend or withdraw or restrict the availability
of
all or any part of the Website for business and operational reasons at any time.
If any provision of these Terms of Use is held to be invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be struck out
and the remaining provisions shall be enforced. Universal's failure to act with respect to a breach by you or
others
does not waive its right to act with respect to subsequent or similar breaches.
PURCHASING CONTENT, PRODUCTS OR SERVICES ON THE WEBSITE
Any products purchased or supplied through the Website will be subject to our standard Universal Music Website
Terms
of Sale, available on each sale-related page of the Website. If you wish to purchase any content,
products
or services offered on this Website the Universal Music Website Terms of Salewill apply to you. You will be asked
to
provide your name and email address and depending on the method of payment you will be asked to provide details of
either your credit card or your mobile phone, all of which will be handled in accordance with our Privacy Policy. Access to certain content or products may be
age
restricted. Where any such restriction applies you will be asked to confirm that you are old enough to purchase
the
items or purchase and view the content as appropriate.
USER CONDUCT
You should not take any action which may corrupt, damage or impair the availability, accessibility and
performance
of our Website. You should not use our Website in any way which is illegal, unlawful, fraudulent, harmful,
libellous, obscene or threatening. You should not post otherwise objectionable information of any kind, in any
area
of the Website including on message boards and in webchat areas. Universal considers as constituting objectionable
information any information which constitutes or encourages the breach of any intellectual property right
including
copyright whether such right is owned by Universal or any third party.
You may not link our Website to any other websites without our prior written permission. If you would like to
create
a link to our Website, please contact us first at info@umusic.com to request
permission. We expressly reserve the right to revoke any right which we grant to link to the Website, including
for
breach of any of these Terms of Use and to take any appropriate action.
We may take legal action if we discover any unauthorised use or misappropriation, misuse or infringement of our
content, Website functionality, look and feel of the Website or taking any action to impair the goodwill of our
trade names, trademarks or other intellectual property.
The following listed behaviours further constitute unacceptable conduct and a breach of these Terms of Use. In the
event of such a breach, your right to use our Website will cease immediately.
Attempting to gain, interfere or gain unauthorised access or use of our Website or otherwise exploit, extract,
screen scrape, data mine, data harvest, publish, distribute, or reproduce any part of our Website.
Attempting to gain unauthorized access to the server on which our Website is stored or any server, computer or
database connected to our Website.
Attempting to attack our Website via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of service attack.
Knowingly introducing computer viruses, spyware, Trojan horse, key stroke logger, worms, logic bombs, rootkit
or
any other material which is malicious or technologically harmful.
Using data collected from our Website for any unsolicited advertising, direct marketing, phishing activity of
whatever nature.
You agree to compensate us for any loss, damage, cost or expense we suffer as a consequence of a failure by you
to
observe and comply with the conditions of these Terms of Use.
MESSAGE BOARDS/WEBCHAT
We may monitor any message board and/or webchat area which exists on this Website though we are not under any
obligation to do so. We advise you to use care and discretion when disclosing personal information on any message
board or on any chat area on this Website as other users may collect and use this information and this may result
in
users receiving unsolicited messages from other people. Please refer to the Safe Surfing Guide on this Website for some guidance.
Universal reserves the right to remove or edit (without notice) any item of information which it considers to be
in
breach of these Terms of Use and to disclose any information as necessary or appropriate to satisfy any law,
regulation or other governmental request. Universal also reserves the right to bar any user from the message board
and webchat areas of the Website if they upload, post, publish or transmit objectionable information in these
areas.
Any user of this Website should contact Universal immediately by email if they feel that any message posted on any
message board or the content of any webchat is objectionable in any way. We will then endeavour to remove the
objectionable messages if we consider it to be necessary.
RESEARCH
We are always looking to improve our user experience on the website and to find out more about our users' tastes
in
music. We conduct research with Universal Music by sending out questionnaires from time to time by email. If you
receive one you do not need to complete it if you do not want to. If at any time you wish to stop receiving
research
questionnaires you can reply to the email address at the bottom of the email you receive. Alternatively email
Universal at info@umusic.com and tell us you do not want to receive any
more questionnaires.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
The information, artwork, text, video, audio, pictures, software and other intellectual property (collectively,
"Materials") contained on the Website are protected by copyright and international
laws.
You may only access and use the Materials for personal use. You may not otherwise reproduce, distribute, publicly
perform, publicly display, modify or create derivative works of the Materials (or authorise others to) for
commercial gain, unless authorised by the appropriate copyright owner(s).
All rights in the Materials on the Website are either owned by Universal or made available to Universal under
licence. You may view the Website and you are welcome to print hard copies of material on it for your personal,
non-commercial use. All other rights reserved.
Framing of the Website is permitted only with Universal's express agreement, and any stipulation on how the
framing
will be displayed or made available on any third party site shall be at Universal's sole discretion. Universal
reserves the right to withhold consent for any reason and any failure to monitor or control each instance of
framing
shall not be considered a waiver of any of Universal's rights. Any framing by a third party shall not imply the
endorsement or sponsorship of Universal.
USER GENERATED CONTENT
By uploading photos, images, or other content ("Content") to the Website you grant
Universal a perpetual, non-exclusive, transferable, sub-licensable, royalty-free, and worldwide license to
distribute, modify, run, copy, publicly perform, display, translate, and create derivative works of the Content
for
any purpose.
PRIVACY AND DATA PROTECTION
Please read our Privacy Policy to help you understand how we
use
your personal data and protect your privacy.  Whenever you provide Universal with personal information, we will
use
it in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
THIRD PARTY LINKS AND SERVICES
When we include links to other websites, on this Website and in our newsletters and other communications, we do so
solely as a convenience to our visitors. These other websites are owned and operated by third parties
("Third Party Websites"). In each case, you should be aware that the Third Party
Websites
are independent of the Website and we have no control over them or their content.
Your use of any Third Party Website may be subject to specific terms and conditions which apply to those Websites.
Third Party Websites are not subject to the terms of these Terms of Use or any other notices published on the
Website. The inclusion of any hyperlinks to Third Party Websites on the Website does not mean that we approve or
endorse those Third Party Websites. We accept no liability for any statements, information, products or services
that are published on or may be accessible from Third Party Websites.
Operators of such linked sites may acquire personal information about you through registration procedures or other
means and may use that information in accordance with their own privacy policies, over which we have no control.
it
is your responsibility to read the privacy policies of those websites, which may be different from our privacy
policy, and decide whether to proceed. Your access and use of linked sites is solely at your own risk.
SECURITY
You should be aware that the Internet is not a completely reliable transmission medium. If you choose to
send any electronic communications to us, you do so at your own risk. We cannot guarantee that such communications
will not be intercepted or changed or that they will reach the intended recipient safely. We assume no liability
for
any disclosure of data due to errors in transmission, unauthorised third party access or other acts of third
parties, or acts or missions beyond our reasonable control.
LIABILITY
Nothing in these Terms of Use shall limit our liability for (i) death or personal injury caused by negligence;
(ii)
fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation; and/or (iii) any liability which is not permitted or excluded under
applicable law.
It is a condition of our allowing you free access to the Website that neither we nor any of our employees,
directors
or members will be liable to you, whether in tort (including negligence), breach of contract, misrepresentation or
otherwise howsoever, for any losses, damages, costs or expenses of whatever nature (including, without limitation,
any consequential, indirect or unforeseeable loss, or loss of goodwill, business opportunity, anticipated savings
or
profit, or loss of data incurred or suffered by you or any third party arising out of or in connection with (i)
your
use of the Website or any materials provided on or downloaded from the Website; (ii) any computer virus
transmitted
through the Website; (iii) your inability to use the Website at any time and any error in the provision of the
Website; (iv) your use of e-mail communications to contact us; or (v) any inaccurate information or opinions
published on the Website or your reliance thereon.
GOVERNING LAW
These Terms of Use are governed by the laws of England and Wales. You agree that any disputes relating to these
Terms of Use shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
These terms of use and any document expressly referred to in them constitute the whole agreement between us and
supersede any previous arrangement, understanding, terms or agreement relating to the use of the Website.
Universal Music Operations Limited, 4 Pancras Square, London, N1C 4AG, United Kingdom