http://www.hermell.com/privacy-policy
Contact us:   1-800-233-2342
Dealer Login
Comfort matters.
Navigation
Our Products
Back Health Products
Lumbar Support Cushions
Ergonomic Seat Cushions
Bedding and Pillows
Cushions for Pelvic Tilt
Cervical and Neck Pain Products
Bolster Pillows and Neck Rolls
Crescent Neck Pillows for Travel
Cervical Collars
Bandages
Arm Pain and Orthopedic Products
Slings and Braces
Finger Bandages
Leg Pain and Orthopedic Care Products
Toe Bandages
Ankle and Heel Support
Pregnancy and Maternity Care Products
Home Health Patient Care Products
Incontinence
Daily Living Products
Bed Safety and Assistance
Bathroom Safety and Assistance
Skin Health
Mobility Care Products and Accessories
Prosthetic Care
Wheelchair and Scooter Accessories
Crutch Accessories
Walker Accessories
Wellness Products
Allergy Care
Sleep Apnea Care
Acid Reflux Care
Circulatory Care
Sleep and Bedding
Retail Supplies
Display
Blog
Health Resources
About Us
Our History
What We Do
Who We Are
Customer Service
New Customers
Contact Us
Product Care
How to Select a Product
Children's Product Certificate
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for Hermell Products, Inc. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this web site.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing.
Hermell Products, Inc. is the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. Hermell Products, Inc. maintains a strict policy not to sell or rent this information to anyone under any circumstances. We will only use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request. Unless you specifically ask us to, we will not contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
From time to time, the information you provide to Hermell Products, Inc. may need to be updated. Please feel free to contact our office toll free at 1-800-233-2342 or via email at hermell@hermell.com. You can maintain your Dealer account information when you log in.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
Hermell Products, Inc. enforces reasonable best practices to protect its data such a secure network, encrypted drives, and data storage. That being said, Hermell Products, Inc. is not responsible for any lost or stolen data and will not be held liable.
New Products
View the latest additions to our product line.
Cooling Gel Lumbar Cushion LC2295
Softeze CPAP Pillow NC2200
Mini Travel CPAP Pillow NC2205WW
Sciatica Saddle Cushion with Imitation Sheepskin
Product Guide
Where does it hurt?
Find the right product here.
Choose your condition:
Back
Neck
Arm
Leg
Pregnant
Surgical