https://www.embarkhc.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
embarkhc.com (“we” or “us” and including related sites owned by Embark Healthcare) recognizes the importance of respecting the privacy of those who visit our website (the “site”). This privacy policy describes how we collect and use your information and gives you choices as to how we use it. We suggest that you review this privacy policy periodically as we may update it from time to time. This policy was last revised on November 30, 2019.
What do we collect? Every time you visit the site, our web server automatically collects the following non-personally identifiable information: your internet service provider’s address, the referring url, and information on the pages you access on the site.We also collect personally identifiable information that you provide, such as information you provide when you submit a contact or request form.
How do we use your information? The information we collect may be used used: to generally improve the content and layout of the site to improve the content and layout of the site for individual visitors to notify you about updates to the site to contact you for marketing purposes for internal review When you supply us with personal information, and indicate your consent to receive promotional information, the information you provide will be added to our files.
If you opt-in to our mailing list, you may receive periodic mailings from us. If you do not want to receive such mailings from us, please contact us using our contact form.We may send you e-mail with information on company news or products. If you do not wish to receive such e-mail in the future, please use our contact form and request removal from our mailing list.
Who do we share your information with? We will share your personal information with third parties who provide services or functions on our behalf. These third parties have access to personal information necessary to perform their functions but they are not permitted to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.We will share information with companies who own or are owned by us.
We may share information with governmental agencies or other companies assisting us in fraud prevention or investigation. We may do so when: (1) permitted or required by law; or, (2) trying to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud or unauthorized access; or, (3) investigating fraud which has already taken place. The information is not provided to these companies for marketing purposes.
In the event that there is a change in control of the site, or, if all, or substantially all, of our assets are sold to a third party, we may transfer the information in our user file to the third party. This information may include your name, mailing address and email address among other information. Please know that if such a transfer takes place, the third party acquiring the information will be advised of your preferences about how we use your information. After the transfer takes place, use of your information is subject to the privacy policy of the third party that acquires it. The acquiring company may continue to operate the site, if so, you should check this privacy policy periodically to determine how the acquiring entity will use your information.We will not sell users’ personal information. We will not share users’ personal information beyond the scope of what has been described above.
Third party links – This site may contain links to other third party sites. Please be aware that we do not control or affirm the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by us.
What are “cookies”? – Most internet sites, including ours, collect data about visitors through the use of “cookies”. Cookies are small software programs that help sites recognize repeat visitors by assigning a random number to each desktop for tracking content preferences and traffic patterns. Cookies may be used to “connect” your computer to information stored in a separate location. We use cookies to connect your computer with the information we store for you in our database.
Some examples of this: information user specific information on pages accessed and previous visits to the site. Your information is stored in a safe and secure database. Through cookies we may also: alert you to new information that we think might be of interest to you when you return to the site; record past activity at the site in order to provide you better service when you return to the site; or, customize web page content based on your browser type or other information that you send us.We do not use cookies to store any of your personal information on your computer.
Third party cookies – We reserve the right to use Google Analytics services to track website visitor traffic on this site and our related sites. This may include features which will include the use of cookies for tracking purposes. This information may be used for advertising purposes. In addition, users who have advertising personalization enabled within their Google accounts agree to share anonymous data which may help to identify users across multiple devices and/or browsers for marketing purposes.
How can you update your information? – We will update the following information if you send us an e-mail, call us or write to us: contact information (name, email address, mailing address, phone number) We will evaluate each request and reply in an appropriate manner and form of communication that ensures the security of the information you have requested. Use our contact form for more information.
Children’s policy – We do not seek to solicit information from anyone under the age of thirteen (a “child”). If a child submits information to us through any part of the site, and we know that the person submitting the information is a child, we will not use it for any purpose. We will delete the information as soon as we discover it and we will not disclose it to third parties.
Changes to this privacy policy statement – From time to time, we may use the information you provide us for new, unanticipated uses not previously addressed in our privacy policy. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes on the privacy page of the site to notify you of these changes. You should check the site periodically for more information on how we use the data we collect.If there is a material change in the manner we use data we collect, we will update this privacy policy to reflect these changes.
Contact us – To contact us for any reason, including a request to be added or taken off a list, or if you have any concerns or questions, please contact us.Please note: When you contact us, provide your name and address exactly as it appears on correspondences you have received from us. If you feel that the site is not following its stated information privacy policy, you may contact us.