https://www.barkers.co.nz/privacy-policy/
Home
Shop
Gifting
Recipes
Latest News
About Barker’s
Contact Us
0 items
NZ
Home > Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
We have put in place the following policy to protect your personal information. By using our website and/or providing information to us, you consent to the policy.
What personal information do we collect?
You may give us information about yourself, such as your name, address, email address and telephone numbers, when, for example, you become a customer, request our e-newsletter, request a catalogue or make a purchase from us. If you do not give this information, we may not be able to provide goods or services to you. When you visit our website we may collect more information, such as the address of your Internet service provider, the name of the web page directing you, and your clicks and activity on our site.
How do we use the personal information?
We may use the information to process your transactions, to administer your account, to conduct credit and other checks, for our own internal purposes (such as risk management, staff training and billing), to help us to develop our website to be more available and user friendly to our customers, and for any other use which you may authorise.
In addition, we may use the information to promote and market our products and services, or the products and services of others. However, we will not do this by email or text (except as part of an email which facilitates, completes or confirms a transaction with you) unless we have your express or deemed consent to do so. These emails and texts will always include an “unsubscribe” facility. Further, if you do not wish to receive them, you can update your records on our website, call us on 0800 BARKERS (0800 227537) or email us at fruit@barkers.co.nz.
Will we disclose the information to others?
We do not sell, trade or rent your personal information to others.
However, we do use other companies and individuals to perform services on our behalf, such as delivering packages, sending mail and emails and processing payments. They will have access to your personal information needed to perform these services, but we will not authorise them to use your information for other purposes. In addition, we may provide statistics about our customers, sales, traffic patterns and related site functions to reputable third parties.
Cookies
Our website uses a technology called cookies. A cookie is a small element of data that our website may send to your computer. Any such cookie is typically stored on your computer’s hard drive and permits our website to recognise you when you return. Our use of cookies helps us to provide you with a better experience during your use of our website by allowing us to understand what areas of the site are of interest to you. You may configure your web browser to not accept cookies, although you may experience a loss of functionality as a result.
Security
We take security seriously, and have taken steps to ensure your personal information is secure. We use secure servers, and industry standard data encryption whenever we are receiving or transferring your information online. However, we accept no responsibility for any loss, misuse, unauthorised access or disclosure, alteration or destruction of personal information which you submit to us.
What about links to other websites?
Our website may contain links to other sites that are not under our control. These websites have their own privacy policies, and we encourage you to review them. We have no responsibility for linked websites, and provide them solely for your information and convenience.
Updating your personal information
You may obtain confirmation from us as to whether or not we hold personal information about you. You may also request a copy of the information and/or request that corrections or changes are made to it. You can make changes to your personal information on our website, by calling us on 0800 BARKERS (0800 227537) or email us at fruit@barkers.co.nz.
Policy changes
We may change this policy from time to time and will notify you by posting an updated version on our website.
Feedback
We welcome your questions and comments about privacy at Barker’s. Please call us on 0800 BARKERS (0800 227537) or email us at fruit@barkers.co.nz.
Trade
Careers
Tastings Schedule
Competitions
Frequently Asked Questions
Conditions of Sale
Barker’s Sponsorship
RECEIVE OUR E-NEWS:name field*lastname field*email field*
This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms.
Site Map
Privacy Policy
Shipping Policy
© 2020 BARKERS
Menu
ImmunityDressings
Greek Style Dressing
Italian Style Dressing
Citrus & Soy Dressing
NZ Raspberry Vinaigrette
Herb & Caper Vinaigrette
Miso & Ginger Dressing
Coconut & NZ Lime Dressing
Apricot & Mustard Dressing
Meal Sauces
$30 Meal Sauce Sampler
NZ Honey Teriyaki with Sake
Easy Sweet’n Sticky
NZ Tomato with Blackbean
Family Coconut Curry
NZ Mushroom & Red Wine
NZ Apricot with Chickpea
Tomato Sauce
Sweetened with Fruit & Veges Tomato Sauce
Original Tomato Sauce
Homestyle Tomato Sauce
Immunity Syrups
Lemon, Honey, Ginger & Turmeric
Blackcurrants & Boysenberries Berrylife
Unsweetened Blackadder Blackcurrants
Fruit for Cheese
Black Cherry & Pinot Noir
Feijoa & Pear
Blackberry & Brandy
Pomegranate & Black Pepper
Quince
Antipasto
Kalamata Olive Tapenade
Roasted Tomato & Green Olive
Roasted Capsicum
Artichoke
Sundried Tomato & Caper
Squeezed Fruit Syrups with Botanicals
Squeezed Blood Oranges with Lime & Bitters
Squeezed Redcurrants with Cranberry & Pomegranate
Squeezed Lemons with Lime, Cucumber & Mint
Squeezed Blackcurrants & Blueberries with Elderflower
Classic Fruit Syrups
Lite Rhubarb with Raspberry & Rosehip
Lite Tropical
Lemon & Barley
Lemon & Lime
Lemon, Honey & Ginger
Orange & Barley with Passionfruit
Squeezed NZ Blackcurrants with Cranberries
Squeezed NZ Blackcurrants & Boysenberries
Squeezed NZ Blackcurrants with Raspberries
Squeezed NZ Blackcurrants
Lite Lemon & Barley
Squeezed NZ Limes with Elderflower
Lite Lime
Lite Blackcurrants
Soda Syrups
Dry Cola
Citrus Lemonade
Brewed Ginger Beer
Lemon, Lime & Bitters
Fruit Spritzers
Lemon, Lime, Cucumber & Mint
Apple Cider with Elderflower
Ginger Beer with Lime
Redcurrant, Rhubarb & Rosehip
Fruit Preserves, Curds and Marmalade
NZ Seedless Bramble Berries
NZ Strawberries
Raspberries
NZ Squeezed Lemon Curd
NZ Grapefruit & Orange Marmalade
Blueberries with Cranberries
NZ Black Doris Plums
Mandarin with Ginger Marmalade
NZ Lemon & Lime Marmalade
Morello Cherries
Passionfruit Curd
NZ Apricots
NZ Blackcurrants
Chutneys, Relishes and Jellies
New Yorker Mustard Relish
Capsicum & Apricot Chutney
Mint & Apple Jelly
Cranberry Jelly
Blackcurrant & Red Onion Jelly
NZ Green Tomato Chutney
NZ Onion Marmalade
NZ Redcurrant Jelly
Peach & Mango Chutney
Ploughman’s Chutney
Red Pepper & Chilli Jelly
Roasted Vegetable Chutney
Spiced Eggplant Chutney
Sundried Tomato & Olive Chutney
NZ Beetroot Relish
Habanero Tomato Relish
Quince Paste
Savoury Sauces
Harissa Sauce
Smooth NZ Apple Sauce
Food lovers Habanero Sauce
Brewer’s Barbecue Beer Sauce
The Best Balsamic Mint
Nine Spice Barbecue Jerk
Chunky NZ Apple Sauce
Spiced NZ Apricot with Mango
Central Otago Rich Red Plum
Chunky Salsa Tomato & Capsicum
Really Useful Chipotle Sauce
Not So Sweet Chilli Sauce
Dessert Sauces
New Zealand Wildberry Sauce
Sundae Strawberry Sauce
Cacao Nib Raspberry Coulis
Tropical Mango Sauce
Passionfruit Lemon Sauce
Choc Lovers Chocolate Sauce
Butterscotch Caramel Sauce
Fruit Compotes
Rhubarb, Strawberry & Raspberry
Peach, Mango & Passionfruit
Black Cherry, Apple & Vanilla
Boysenberry, Blackcurrant & Chia
No Refined Sugar
Sweetened with Fruit & Veges Tomato Sauce
Lemon, Honey, Ginger & Turmeric
Wildberry Spreadable Fruit
Apricot Spreadable Fruit
Seville Orange Spreadable Fruit
Raspberry Spreadable Fruit
Blackcurrants & Boysenberries Berrylife
Unsweetened Blackadder Blackcurrants
Specialty
Dulce de Leche Caramel Chocolate
Dulce de Leche Caramel Hazelnut
Dulce de Leche
Spiced Apricot & Orange Glaze
Gift Giving
$124.90 – Foodie Feast
$86.90 – Gourmet Galore
$49.90 – BBQ Besties
$39.90 – Pantry Pack
$27.90 – Tasty Treats
$30 Meal Sauce Sampler
$50 Online Gift Voucher
$60 – 50 Years Preserved
$7.99 Tea Towel
$24.90 – Chutney and Ramekin Gift Box (Limited Time Offer)
Home
Shop
Gifting
Recipes
Latest News
About Barker’s
Contact Us