http://www.prhoffman.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
PR Hoffman Machine Products (“PR Hoffman”, “we”, “us”, and “our”) is committed to ensuring the privacy of our users. When you provide information to us via this web site, you can be assured it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
PR Hoffman only collects data as needed to promote our products and services. By using this website or other PR Hoffman services, you agree to the policies and practices as described in this privacy policy. We will indicate at the top of this policy when it was last updated. Please check back from time to time for possible changes. Your continued use of our services constitutes your agreement to updates.
If at any time, you have questions or concerns about privacy policies, please contact us directly for more information.
What Information Do We Collect?
Unless otherwise stated in another, more specific policy on this website you are viewing, we collect the following types of information when you browse all pages and subpages under www.prhoffman.com:
Information you provide directly, such as your name, job title, company information, and contact information
Demographic information, such as geographic location, search engine preferences, and preferences & interests during interactions with our services
Timestamps of visit lengths
Other information relevant to marketing practices
Besides information provided to us directly, PR Hoffman may use cookies and other technologies on the website to enhance or improve the user experience, including customization of content. These cookies help us to use information to tailor our website into a more useful tool for our customers. A cookie is usually text data stored on the individual's device that a website transfers to the individual's browser.
Cookies can be utilized to help us provide you with information targeted to your interests, based upon your prior browsing on our website. A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
The information collected by PR Hoffman records information about how individuals access its website. This information is typically not personally identifiable and may include internet protocol (IP) addresses (or the DNS name associated with it) of the individual's device, the websites the user visited immediately prior to and upon exiting the site, and the browser software the individual is using to access the site.
How Do We Use Information Collected and Cookies?
The information we collect is used in to administer our systems and the website, and to make improvements to and protect the site. We require this information to understand the needs of our customers and to provide the best customer service experience possible. We collect information to:
Update our internal records
Improve our products & services
Periodically send promotional emails or other special offers
Contact you for marketing research purposes
Provide personalized service experiences
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyze data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes. We will not use your personal information for purposes other those purposes we have disclosed to you, without your consent.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
How Do We Handle Security for Your Information?
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. We protect your personal information by maintaining physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards in compliance with the applicable laws and regulations.
However, we cannot guarantee that loss, misuse, unauthorized acquisition, or alteration of your data will not occur. Please recognize that you play a vital role in protecting your own personal information. Furthermore, we cannot ensure or warrant the security or confidentiality of information you transmit to us or receive from us by Internet or wireless connection, including email, phone, since we have no way of protecting that information once it leaves and until it reaches us.
How Do We Handle Links To Third-Party Resources?
Our website may contain links to enable you to visit other websites of interest easily. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
How Do We Handle Obtaining Information From Other Sources?
From time to time, we may obtain information about you from third party sources as permitted by applicable law, such as public databases, resellers and channel partners, joint marketing partners, and social media platforms. Examples of the information we may receive from other sources include (service and support information, information about your interests or preferences, page-view information from some business partners with which we operate co-branded services or joint offerings, and credit history information from credit bureaus.)
We may use this information to better understand you and/or maintain and improve the accuracy of the records we hold about you as well as to position, promote or optimize our Services. We may also use this information in conjunction with your browsing habits / preferences (as obtained from our data partners) and your contact details, professional information and PR Hoffman transaction history to deliver targeted advertising and marketing to you, where permitted by applicable law and in accordance with your advertising / marketing preferences. We will also use this information to provide support as well as to enhance our ability to provide relevant marketing, products, services and recommendations to you, and to help monitor, prevent and detect fraud.
How Can You Control Your Personal Information?
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
Whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or contacting us.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Your rights to personal information are not absolute. Access may be denied when:
Denial of access is required or authorized by law;
Granting access would have a negative impact on other's privacy;
To protect our rights and properties; and
Where the request is frivolous or vexatious.
You can also choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Great ways to learn more about your privacy rights:
wikipedia.org
www.allaboutcookies.org
BACK TO TOP
Site Credits|Sitemap|Terms & Conditions for Customers|Terms & Conditions for Vendors|Privacy Policy|© 2020. All Right Reserved
What's New
Now Introducing – CXT Templates – Chemically Resistant Templates
Designed specifically to be used with SiC wafers - CXT templates are a single shell construction that provides improved COO and increases life time while reducing machine down time - please contact us to find out more!
Learn More