http://www.alliedautoequip.com/term-and-conditions
Menu
Skip to content
Home
My Account
Shopping Cart
Checkout
Shopping Cart 0 item(s) - $0.00
Welcome visitor! You can login or
Create an account
Search for:
800-598-6481
Menu
Skip to content
Tire Changer
Tire Changer
Combos
Wheel Balancers
Wheel Balancers
Combos
Wheel Weights / Accessories
Wheel Weights
Tire Patches
Tire Valve Stems
Tire Repair
Car Lifts
Two Posts Lifts
Four Posts Lifts
Alignment Lifts
Shop Equipment
Air Compressors
Transmission Jacks
Underhoist Stands
Shop Presses
Engine Cranes
Oil Drains
Hose Reels
A/C Service
Spray Wash Cabinet
Strut Compressors
Support
Technical Support
Shipping Policy
Financing
Shipping Costs
Contact Us
Company
The Allied Mission Statement
The Allied Promise
The Allied Difference
Become a Allied Distributor
Terms and conditions
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE. All users of this site agree that access to and use of this site are subject to the following terms and conditions and other applicable law. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use this site.
Refunds and Returns
All purchases may be returned within 30 days of receipt of merchandise. In such a case, we will return your full purchase price, minus freight costs to and from our Texas facility plus a 20% restocking fee. Credits will be issued only after we have received the product and inspected it. If the purchaser contracts an installer to assemble their equipment, then purchaser shall be responsible for the cost of installation and removal of said equipment. All returns must be in original packaging, have original manufacturer’s paperwork including owner’s manual. Product must not be damaged in any way. There must be no missing parts from product.
Back order notifications
If a product is not in stock at the time of order, you will be informed that there may be a delay, and how long that delay may be. Additionally, if an order has been in our system for more than two weeks and remains unshipped, we will notify you by telephone. If, for any reason, you have not heard from us in this timeframe, please contact our customer service department at ext 411.
Copyright
The entire content included in this site, including but not limited to text, graphics or code is copyrighted as a collective work under the United States and other copyright laws, and is the property of AlliedAmerica, LLC. The collective work includes works that are licensed to AlliedAmerica, LLC. Copyright 2012.  ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Permission is granted to electronically copy and print hard copy portions of this site for the sole purpose of placing an order with UniteAmerica or purchasing  AlliedAmerica products. You may display and, subject to any expressly stated restrictions or limitations relating to specific material, download or print portions of the material from the different areas of the site solely for your own non-commercial use, or to place an order with alliedAmerica or to purchase UniteAmerica products. Any other use, including but not limited to the reproduction, distribution, display or transmission of the content of this site is strictly prohibited, unless authorized by UniteAmerica. You further agree not to change or delete any proprietary notices from materials downloaded from the site.
Trademarks
All trademarks, service marks and trade names of alliedAmerica used in the site are trademarks or registered trademarks of alliedAmerica
Warranty Disclaimer
This site and the materials and products on this site are provided “as is” and without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, AlliedAmerica disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. AlliedAmerica does not represent or warrant that the functions contained in the site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that the defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes the site available are free of viruses or other harmful components. AlliedAmerica does not make any warrantees or representations regarding the use of the materials in this site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, adequacy, usefulness, timeliness, reliability or otherwise. Some states do not permit limitations or exclusions on warranties, so the above limitations may not apply to you.
Limitation of Liability
UniteAmerica shall not be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials on this site or the performance of the products, even if AlliedAmerica has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Applicable law may not allow the limitation of exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.  Contact AlliedAmerica for actual product warranties.
Typographical Errors
In the event that AlliedAmerica product is mistakenly listed at an incorrect price, AlliedAmerica reserves the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. UniteAmerica reserves the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is cancelled, AlliedAmerica shall issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price.
Term; Termination
These terms and conditions are applicable to you upon your accessing the site and/or completing the registration or shopping process. These terms and conditions, or any part of them, may be terminated by AlliedAmerica without notice at any time, for any reason. The provisions relating to Copyrights, Trademark, Disclaimer, Limitation of Liability, Indemnification and Miscellaneous, shall survive any termination.
Notice
AlliedAmerica may deliver notice to you by means of e-mail, a general notice on the site, or by other reliable method to the address you have provided to AlliedAmerica.
Miscellaneous
Your use of this site shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the state of California, U.S.A., without regard to choice of law provisions, and not by the 1980 U.N. Convention on contracts for the international sale of goods. You agree that jurisdiction over and venue in any legal proceeding directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to this site (including but not limited to the purchase of AlliedAmerica products) shall be in the state or federal courts located in Los Angeles County, California. Any cause of action or claim you may have with respect to the site (including but not limited to the purchase of AlliedAmerica products) must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises. AlliedAmerica’s failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these terms and conditions shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. Neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice shall act to modify any of these terms and conditions. AlliedAmerica may assign its rights and duties under this Agreement to any party at any time without notice to you.
Use of Site
Harassment in any manner or form on the site, including via e-mail, chat, or by use of obscene or abusive language, is strictly forbidden. Impersonation of others, including a AlliedAmerica or other licensed employee, host, or representative, as well as other members or visitors on the site is prohibited. You may not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through the site any content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable which may constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or which may otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law. You may not upload commercial content on the site or use the site to solicit others to join or become members of any other commercial online service or other organization.
Participation Disclaimer
AlliedAmerica does not and cannot review all communications and materials posted to or created by users accessing the site, and is not in any manner responsible for the content of these communications and materials. You acknowledge that by providing you with the ability to view and distribute user-generated content on the site, AlliedAmerica is merely acting as a passive conduit for such distribution and is not undertaking any obligation or liability relating to any contents or activities on the site. However, AlliedAmerica reserves the right to block or remove communications or materials that it determines to be (a) abusive, defamatory, or obscene, (b) fraudulent, deceptive, or misleading, (c) in violation of a copyright, trademark or; other intellectual property right of another or (d) offensive or otherwise unacceptable to AlliedAmerica in its sole discretion.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless AlliedAmerica, its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers (collectively the “Service Providers”) from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, resulting from any violation of these terms and conditions or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing the site using your Internet account.
Third-Party Links
In an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, Allied America may link to sites operated by third parties. However, even if the third party is affiliated with UniteAmerica, AlliedAmerica has no control over these linked sites, all of which have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of AlliedAmerica. These linked sites are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk. Nonetheless, AlliedAmerica seeks to protect the integrity of its web site and the links placed upon it and therefore requests any feedback on not only its own site, but for sites it links to as well (including if a specific link does not work).
Information
Company
Contact Us
Policies
Shipping Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms &
Conditions
Customer Service
Technical Support
Financing
My Account
My Account
Order History
Newsletter
Enter your zip code and you can then call someone
who has purchased our equipment in your area
Product Model
CI752E80H
CI752E80V
CI1023E120H
CI52E80H
CI52E80V
AC03
UC97
TC-950-1
TC-950
AC-02
TC-950-2
AC-02
UC97
AC03
SPL-TC-950-1
SPL-WB-550
AC04
SPL-AC02
SPL-TC-950
SPL-AL-9F
SPL-TC-950-2
SPL-AL9CA
SPL-AC03
TCOPT1
WBOPT2
TCOPT3
WBOPT5
TCOPT2
TCOPT4
WBOPT4
WBOPT3
7400
SWC-500
34788
PHR50
PD8G
PD20G-SE
PD18G
PSC2TF
PP-20T
PJS-1T
PJS2TH
PTJ1
PTJ1100
PJS-1T
PP-20T
PJS2TH
PTJ1
PSC2TF
PTJ1100
TR22
TR24
TR12
TR14
TR36
TR25
TR30
TR26
TR10
TR09
TR04
TR01
TR05
TR03
TR02
TR06
TR07
TR08
WW03
WW02
WW01
WB-550
U4P-14A
U-S12A
U4P-O14A
U8K-SSXLT
U4P-12
U4P-14
U8K-SS
U2P-11CA
U2P-15C
U2P-12F
AL9CA
AL-9F
U2P-12F
U2P-15C
AL9CA
AL-9F
U4P-12
U4P-14
U2P-11CA
U8K-SSXLT
U8K-SS
UM-1000