https://www.stockwell.com/terms/
Website Terms and Conditions / Legal Notices
1. Introduction. Stockwell Elastomerics, Inc., including its subsidiaries and affiliates (“Stockwell Elastomerics, Inc.”, “Stockwell Elastomerics” or “we” or “us” or “our”) provides the information contained on this web site or any of the pages comprising the web site (“web site”) to visitors (“visitors”) (cumulatively referred to as “you” or “your” hereinafter) subject to the terms and conditions (“terms”) set out in these web site terms and conditions, the privacy policy and any other relevant terms and conditions, policies and notices which may be applicable to a specific section or module of this web site. Your access to and use of this web site signifies your agreement with these terms.
2. Information on the web site. While every effort is made to update the information contained on this web site, neither Stockwell Elastomerics nor any third party or data or content provider make any representations or warranties, whether express, implied in law or residual, as to the sequence, accuracy, completeness or reliability of information, opinions, research information, data and/or content contained on the web site (including but not limited to any information which may be provided by any third party or data or content providers) (“information”) and shall not be bound in any manner by any information contained on the web site. Stockwell Elastomerics reserves the right at any time to change or discontinue without notice, any aspect or feature of this web site. No information shall be construed as advice and information is offered for information purposes only. If you find an error or omission at this site, please let us know.
3. Trademarks. The Stockwell Elastomerics trademarks, names, logos and service marks (collectively “trade marks”) displayed on this web site are registered and unregistered trade marks of Stockwell Elastomerics. Other companies’ trade marks are also used on this site with their permission. Nothing contained on this web site should be construed as granting any license or right to use any trade mark without the prior written permission of Stockwell Elastomerics or its respective owner. The contents of this web site are protected from copying or distribution under national and international copyright laws and treaties throughout the world. Copyright © 2018 Stockwell Elastomerics, Inc.. All rights reserved.
4. External links. External links may be provided for your convenience, but they are beyond the control of Stockwell Elastomerics and no representation is made as to their content. Use or reliance on any external links and the content thereon provided is at your own risk. When visiting external links you must refer to that external web sites terms and conditions of use. No hypertext links shall be created from any web site controlled by you or otherwise to this web site without the express prior written permission of Stockwell Elastomerics.
5. Warranties. Stockwell Elastomerics makes no warranties, representations, statements or guarantees (whether express, implied in law or residual) regarding the web site, the information contained on the web site, your or your company’s personal information or material and information transmitted over our system.
6. Disclaimer of liability. Stockwell Elastomerics shall not be responsible for and disclaims all liability for any loss, liability, damage (whether direct, indirect or consequential), personal injury or expense of any nature whatsoever which may be suffered by you or any third party (including your company), as a result of or which may be attributable, directly or indirectly, to your access and use of the web site, any information contained on the web site, your or your company’s personal information or material and information transmitted over our system. In particular, neither Stockwell Elastomerics nor any third party or data or content provider shall be liable in any way to you or to any other person, firm or corporation whatsoever for any loss, liability, damage (whether direct or consequential), personal injury or expense of any nature whatsoever arising from any delays, inaccuracies, errors in, or omission of any share price information or the transmission thereof, or for any actions taken in reliance thereon or occasioned thereby or by reason of non-performance or interruption, or termination thereof.
7. Use of the website. Stockwell Elastomerics does not make any warranty or representation that information on the web site is appropriate for use. By accessing the web site, you warrant and represent to Stockwell Elastomerics that you are legally entitled to do so and to make use of information made available via the web site.
8. General
8.1 Entire agreement. These web site terms and conditions constitute the sole record of the agreement between you and Stockwell Elastomerics in relation to your use of the web site. Neither you nor Stockwell Elastomerics shall be bound by any express tacit or implied representation, warranty, promise or the like not recorded herein. Unless otherwise specifically stated these web site terms and conditions supersede and replace all prior commitments, undertakings or representations, whether written or oral, between you and Stockwell Elastomerics in respect of your use of the web site.
8.2 Alteration. Stockwell Elastomerics may at any time modify any relevant terms and conditions, policies or notices. You acknowledge that by visiting the web site from time to time, you shall become bound to the current version of the relevant terms and conditions (the “current version”) and, unless stated in the current version, all previous versions shall be superseded by the current version. You shall be responsible for reviewing the then current version each time you visit the web site.
8.3 Conflict. Where any conflict or contradiction appears between the provisions of these web site terms and conditions and any other relevant terms and conditions, policies or notices, the other relevant terms and conditions, policies or notices which relate specifically to a particular section or module of the web site shall prevail in respect of your use of the relevant section or module of the web site.
8.4 Comments or questions. If you have any questions, comments or concerns arising from the web site, the privacy policy or any other relevant terms and conditions, policies and notices or the way in which we are handling your personal information please contact us at:
Stockwell Elastomerics, Inc.
4749 Tolbut St.
Philadelphia PA, 19136
(800) 523-0123
(215) 335-3005
Fax (215) 335-9433
Last updated:
November 15, 2013
Get a Quote/Request Info
Material Data Sheets
Tech Tips
Status Re: COVID-19
COVID-19 Response – Manufacturing Efforts by Stockwell Elastomerics
2020 has been a tumultuous year for the world dealing with the coronavirus. The COVID-19 pandemic has affected many lives and every place of work. When the pandemic hit in… read more
Stockwell Elastomerics uses cookies to collect data and personalize your experience. We also gather anonymous statistical information on website usage. By closing this notice or interacting with this website you consent to the use of such technologies.Accept