http://www.seilerninvest.com/important-information/terms-of-use
Skip to content
Terms of Use and Agreement:
This website is issued and communicated by Seilern Investment Management Limited (“SIM”). This website and any information and or communication contained herein is intended for use by and directed at authorised financial institutions and intermediaries, either “exempt” investors that are investment professionals or high net worth entities falling within articles 19 or 49 of the Financial Services Markets Act (Financial Promotion) Order 2005, or deemed to meet the relevant qualifying investor categories as defined in the Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”) Conduct of Business (“COBS”) Rules and categorised as Professional Clients and Eligible Counterparties as set out in the FCA COBS Rules. Please be aware that SIM is not authorised to deal with private individuals or private investors deemed to be Retail Clients as defined by the FCA’s COBS Rules. This website is not directed at members of the general public or Retail investors and the information contained in this website must not be used or relied upon by Retail investors.
Any such person should only read the general pages and should consult their preferred authorised financial adviser or financial institution to determine the appropriateness and suitability of SIM’s services and range of investment products and or any financial instrument and or designated investment contained herein.
Please read the Important Information on the Landing Page of this website carefully together with this and any other statement including the Privacy Policy before proceeding to the relevant parts of this website, as they may be subject to change without prior notification. These sections contain legal and regulatory statements in relation to this website and explain certain restrictions imposed by legislation on certain parts of the website.
If you agree to the conditions contained herein (the “Terms”) and wish to continue using this website, your affirmation and agreement to proceed constitutes a binding legal agreement on your own behalf and where applicable, on behalf of any client that you represent, act as agent for and or are associated with.
If you do not at any time agree to the Terms, please exit this website. Your continued use of this website following any changes, which will not be notified to you, means that you accept in full such changes. By agreeing to the Terms, you have agreed to be categorised as a qualifying investor and SIM cannot be held responsible for any misinterpretations that you may make in accessing and using this website.
By using this website, you agree to the exclusion by SIM and any of its representatives of any liability, including without limitation any liability arising from any loss or any other financial disadvantage or damage, whether direct or consequential, in respect of errors and omissions by SIM and any of its representatives and any relevant third parties in respect of the content of this website, save for any liability that is imposed by the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”) in the United Kingdom.
Where the contents of this website are based on information obtained from external sources, SIM believes it to be reliable but has not independently verified the information. Save to the extent required by applicable legislation and or regulation, no guarantee, warranty or representation, whether expressed and or implied is given as to the accuracy or completeness of the contents of this website. SIM and its representatives do not accept any liability or responsibility in respect of the information or any views expressed herein.
The information does not constitute advice or a personal recommendation and you should therefore seek your own advice as to the suitability and or appropriateness of any investment and or financial instrument mentioned in this website.
Website Content: Ownership, Copyrights, Trademarks and Information
The information contained in this website is for information purposes only and is issued and communicated by SIM. This communication relates to the SIM website only.
SIM and other trademarks on this website are trademarks or registered trademarks of SIM only (hereinafter referred to as “SIM”, “we” or “us”). All material contained or described herein on the website, except where otherwise noted, is under copyright to SIM. SIM reserves all rights with respect to copyright and trademark ownership of all material on the website, and will enforce such rights to the full extent of the applicable law.
Nothing on this website can be construed as granting the right to or any license to use any material, image, trademark, or logo. Reproduction of any material contained on the website is permitted for personal use only, but does not transfer to you either the right or title to any software and or material contained on the website. In circumstances where any software and or material are reproduced in any form, whether in text or electronic format, you must accredit such replication of information to SIM. Any material contained herein cannot be reproduced, republished and or redistributed without express written authority from SIM.
The content of this website is based on sources of information believed to be reliable. However, except to the extent required by applicable law, statute or regulation, no guarantee, warranty, or liability, whether expressed or implied, is given to the accuracy and or the completeness of any such information. SIM, its Directors, its employees nor any representatives accept any liability or responsibility in respect of any information or any opinions or views that are contained herein.
This website may contain opinions and or commentaries that constitute forward-looking statements. Such statements may include, without limitation, our current comments, opinions, expectations, projections and or assumptions underlying any such statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise these forward-looking statements or any such statement except as may be required by applicable laws.
Such forward-looking statements, by their very nature, involve inherent risks and uncertainties, both general and specific. You must consider such risks before reaching any investment decisions as a number of important factors and risks could cause actual results to differ materially from any comments, opinions, expectations, projections and or assumptions expressed or implied in such forward-looking statements.
If you have accessed this website through the use of a link from another website, SIM does not accept any liability or responsibility for the accuracy of information contained in the sites of other providers that may have links to any part of this website or to whom this website might be linked.
Important Information: Legal and Regulatory Disclaimers
Nothing on this website shall constitute an offer or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell any investment products or services, including but not limited to any financial instruments and or other designated investments or investment advice. Any material and or information contained in this website are for information purposes only on SIM.
Your attention is drawn to that specific services, financial instruments and or designated investments may either not be suitable for you, not available to you in the jurisdiction in which you are located, or may only be available through a SIM entity that is authorised and licensed by the relevant Regulatory Authority to either provide or offer such services, financial instruments or designated investments in such a jurisdiction. Accordingly, certain protections accorded to you in the jurisdiction that you are located may not be applicable to the services, financial instruments or designated investments either provided or offered to you.
You should seek the advice of your own independent authorised financial adviser or intermediary before reaching any investment decision on the basis of any material or information contained on this website. No material and information contained herein constitutes specific and or general financial, investment or any other professional advice of any nature. Accessing this website does not constitute any binding agreement between SIM and you, whereby SIM is legally required to treat you as a client.
Investment Risk: Warning
You should be aware that there are significant and specific risks associated with any investment strategy, financial instrument and or designated investment outlined in this website. Such strategies are intended solely for those investors that are eligible to categorised as a Professional Client and or Eligible Counterparty as defined under the FCA Rules and that can accept the underlying risks associated with such investments. Investment in any strategy, financial instrument and or designated product contained herein, some of which are unregulated collective investment schemes, are intended for a specific qualifying category of investor who have the financial understanding and experience to accept and deal with the risks associated with such an investment.
SIM or a Director or an employee of SIM may from time to time have a personal investment, or may have undertaken a personal transaction or may engage or have engaged in transactions on behalf of other customers, in any security referred to herein or in any related securities and financial instruments. In addition, SIM, acting as investment managers, may, on behalf of its customers and to the extent permissible by applicable statute and or regulation, have invested in and or seek to invest in funds, territories, financial instruments and or designated investments contained in this website. As a result, the user of this website should be aware that SIM may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of any information contained herein.
You are reminded that past performance should not be seen as an indication or a guarantee to future performance, and no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made regarding future performance. All information on performance is compliant with the legislative and regulatory requirements in the United Kingdom and is in accordance with the FCA’s Rules. Investment in any financial instrument and or designated investment involve risk, which may include potentially the loss of your original capital. The price and the value of investments and income derived from them can fall as well as rise and investors may not get back the amount originally invested, while some securities carry a higher degree of risk than others. Stock markets are volatile and subject to fluctuations which cannot be reasonably foreseen. All derivative instruments and alternative investments are highly volatile and certain investments may be illiquid, over-the-counter and or in non-publicly quoted securities or instruments or in financially distressed companies or instruments.
Restrictions: On Offer, Solicitation and Distribution
This website is not directed at, or intended for distribution to or use by, any person or entity that is a citizen or resident of or located in any jurisdiction where such distribution, publication, availability or use would be contrary to the applicable law or regulation or which would subject SIM to any registration or licensing requirement within such jurisdiction.
The provision of information in this website does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy securities for any person in the United States or to any US Person as defined under the applicable United States legislation and as amended. This website and any information contained herein are not directed to any person in the United States. Any investment vehicle and or financial instrument referred to in this website are not registered under the applicable United States legislation. This means that such investments cannot be offered for sale or be sold in the US, its territories or protectorates under its jurisdiction, nor to its nationals, citizens or residents in any of the aforementioned applicable areas.
The information contained in this website must not be taken or transmitted, marketed and or distributed, directly or indirectly, into the United States of America, South Africa, Canada, Japan, Australia or United Arab Emirates or any jurisdiction where to do so would violate the relevant laws of that jurisdiction.
Many of the protections provided by the regulatory systems in specific jurisdictions may not apply or be available to investments in certain investment products and specific financial instruments and or designated investments contained in this website. It is your responsibility to be aware of and observe all applicable laws and regulations of your relevant jurisdiction.
Warranties:
The material contained herein on this website is provided for information purposes only. SIM makes no warranty and accepts no liability that access to the website will be uninterrupted, free of errors and that any such defects will be rectified or that any bugs or viruses or other harmful components will not be transmitted in connection with the access and use of this website. SIM makes no warranty and accepts no liability relating to this website and to any results or conclusions arising from the use of all or parts of this website and any of its contents and information contained herein. SIM does not warrant or guarantee the accuracy, timeliness, suitability, availability and or completeness of this website, the information contained herein and or to the results derived from the use of this website.
SIM, under no circumstances and under no applicable law and or regulation, will not be held liable to any user or person for any damages arising in tort, contract, strict liability or otherwise from accessing or using this website or from the inability to access or use this website; or from any action taken or not taken as a result, irrespective of whether such actions are direct, indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages of any kind, including but not limited to investment or income losses; or for any claim or demand form any third party, even if we knew or had reason to know of the potential of such damages, claims or demands.
Legal:
This website is governed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales. By accessing the website, you agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts of England and any adjudication they make in respect of litigation arising in connection with the website. Access to the website is not open to persons resident in, or citizens of any territory outside the United Kingdom where, to allow such access, would require any registration, filing, application for any licence or approval or other steps to be taken by SIM in order to comply with local laws or other regulatory requirements in such overseas territory.
Cookie Information:
SIM would like to use Cookies to make your experience of our website better. To comply with the new Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) (Amendment) Regulations 2011, we need your consent to set these Cookies. By indicating your acceptance of this Important Information you are agreeing to the use of Cookies.
To find out more information on our use of Cookies please read our Privacy Policy.
Company Information:
SIM is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority whose address is 25 The North Colonnade, Canary Wharf, London, E14 5HS. Further details on SIM are available on the FS Register at www.fca.org.uk; SIM’s FCA firm reference number is 144827. SIM is incorporated as a Private Limited Company in England and Wales under the registration number 2962937. SIM has its registered office at and principal place of business at 43 Portland Place, London, W1B 1QH. VAT number: 503546175