http://www.sharpesafety.com/privacy-policy/
View cart
Empty
TOTAL
$0.00
Close
Checkout
SharpeSafety
Home
Catalog
Shipping
Links
Specials
Resources
Contact Us
Today we at Sharpe Safety ("the Company") increasingly serve our customers over the Internet and use computerized records to serve them better. This raises concerns about privacy and the use of customer information. We respect our customer's desire for privacy and confidentiality. The information below explains our policies and your rights, as a visitor to our website and as a Sharpe Safety customer.
Information Collected
When you visit this website, like others, the web server automatically recognizes you by your IP address (a number assigned to you by your Internet Service Provider). Our website does not track or remember IP addresses as they are often randomly assigned and/or changed from time to time depending on the type of connectivity you are using. The website does not identify you as an individual, or by your email address, unless you login to make a purchase with your account.
Uses of Registration Data
To order Sharpe Safety's products online, you will have to provide Registration/Order Data. This can include information such as your name, company, title, business address, telephone and fax numbers, email address, method of payment and credit card number. The Company maintains a secure area on the Site for transmission of Registration/Order Data, and stores all this data in a private database not connected to the Internet. The Company may use your Registration/Order Data to send you information about our company, the website or our products/services.
The Company will not sell, rent, swap or otherwise disclose your Registration/Order Data to any third party.
Uses of Aggregated Information
The Company may disclose to third parties information about website usage, including information gathered during your use of the website. Any information disclosed will be in the form of aggregate data, such as overall patterns or demographic reports, that does not describe or identify any individual user.
This aggregated data may be used for editorial and feedback purposes, for its own marketing and promotional purposes, for a statistical analysis of users' behavior, for product development, for content improvement, to inform advertisers as to how many visitors have seen or clicked on their advertisements and to customize the content and layout of this website.
Using Your Credit Card
Sharpe Safety will use all reasonable efforts to safeguard the confidentiality of your Registration/Order Data. Your ordering information, including your credit card number, will be transmitted to the Company's secure server using the latest encryption technology. Nonetheless, transmissions made by means of the Internet cannot be made absolutely secure 100% of the time. Sharpe Safety will not be liable for disclosure of Registration/Order Data due to errors in transmission or unauthorized acts of third parties.
Use of Cookies
The Sharpe Safety website, like many sites, uses "cookies" (information stored on your computer by your browser at our request). Cookies enable the site to "remember" who you are so that you can get around it easier and more efficiently. Different websites store the information in cookies differently. The Company does not record personal or sensitive information in our cookies. Any such information is stored in our protected systems and not in the cookie or on the Internet.
Updates
The Company may change this Privacy Policy in the future, and the change will be effective when the Company posts its new Privacy Policy on this website.