http://www.mortons.com/privacy.php
DINE IN NOW AVAILABLE IN SELECT LOCATIONS: Learn More
Skip to Main Content
Join Mailing List    |    Contact Us    |    Follow Us:
Choose Location:
Scottsdale
Anaheim
Burbank
Los Angeles (Downtown)
Palm Desert
Sacramento
San Diego
San Francisco
San Jose
Santa Ana
Woodland Hills
Arlington
Bethesda
Downtown
Reston
Boca Raton
Coral Gables
Fort Lauderdale
Jacksonville
North Miami Beach
Orlando
Palm Beach
Atlanta (Downtown)
Honolulu
Chicago (Wacker Place)
Naperville
Northbrook
Rosemont
Schaumburg
Louisville
Baltimore
Bethesda
Boston Seaport
Detroit (Troy)
Biloxi
St. Louis (Downtown)
Las Vegas
Atlantic City
Hackensack
Great Neck
Midtown Manhattan
World Trade Center
White Plains
Charlotte
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Portland
King of Prussia
Pittsburgh
San Juan
Nashville
Dallas (Uptown)
Houston (Downtown)
Houston (Galleria)
San Antonio
Arlington
Bethesda
Reston
Downtown
Hong Kong
Mexico City
Singapore
Toronto
1 person
2 people
3 people
4 people
5 people
6 people
7 people
8 people
9 people
10 people
11 people
12 people
13 people
14 people
15 people
16 people
17 people
18 people
19 people
20 people
01
02
03
04
05
06
07
08
09
10
11
12
00
15
30
45
am
pm
Reserve Now
MENU
To- Go Menu
Dinner
Lunch
Holiday Catering Packages
Wine Selections
Beer, Cocktails & Spirits
Private Dining Menus
Morton's Prime Platters
Prime To Go
Gluten Sensitive Lunch Menu
Gluten Sensitive Dinner Menu
Soy Sensitive Lunch Menu
Soy Sensitive Dinner Menu
LOCATIONS
|
THE EXPERIENCE
Our History & Culture
Our Steaks
Our Seafood
Our Awards
Testimonials
FAQs
PRIVATE DINING
Holidays
General Information
Private Dining Menus
National Partnerships
Group Dining & Events
PRIME EVENTS
Celebrity Server Events
ESPN's Lunch with a Legend
Prime Event Testimonials
Past Events
GIFT CARDS
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: May 1, 2009
We want to make your experience online satisfying and safe. We want to provide you with the means to control your privacy and give you a way to voice questions or concerns you may have.
When you use our website certain information about your online activity is collected. We use this information to determine our website users’ preferences, to design initiatives to meet those preferences, to eliminate online hassles, and to generally make your online Landry’s, Inc. (“Landry’s”) experience more satisfying. Very infrequently, we may initiate a program, service or survey that requests your name, birthday, e-mail address, city of residence, zip code, or information about what you like and do not like about Landry’s. We recognize that the loyalty of our customers depends upon our relationships with them and we strongly support the rights of customers to maintain privacy of personal data.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA)
Like you, we have children of our own and are concerned about their
safety when they use the Internet. We want you and your family to be safe while
visiting our website. That is why, consistent with the Federal Children's Online
Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA), personally identifiable information from
children, we have no intention of collection of any personally identifiable
information from individuals under 13 years of age. If a child under 13 years of
age has provided us with personally identifiable information, a parent or
guardian of that child can contact us at the e-mail address or phone number
listed in the Contact Us section of the website if they would like this
information deleted from our records. We will use reasonable efforts to delete
the child’s information from our existing records.
What Information Do We Collect?
We
collect information in several different ways. We collect the domain name of
visitors to our web pages, user-specific information on the pages visitors
access, and information such as survey information or other information that you
provide voluntarily. Like many other commercial websites, our website may employ
a standard technology called a "cookie" to collect information about how our
site is used. With respect to cookies: We use cookies to store visitors
preferences, record session information, record user-specific information on
what pages users access or visit, record past activity at a site in order to
provide better service when visitors return to our site, customize Web page
content based on visitors' browser type or other information that the visitor
sends.
How the Information Is Used
We use the information that we collect to
understand your preferences and history using our website and related services.
With this information we make it easier and more rewarding for you to use our
website, any related services, and enjoy your guest experience at our
restaurants and venues.
Our ability to provide enhanced services may
occasionally depend on our ability to develop summary reports for our
advertising agents that contain raw numbers or statistics (but never tell them
who it was that stated a preference or clicked on an option).
It is our policy
to never send messages to website users unless they request that we do so.
Who
Has Access to Your Personal Information
The information that you provide is
collected by Landry’s. In the
case of links to our gift card and guest recognition sites, the information you
voluntarily provide at those sites will only be shared with those service
vendors who help Landry’s administer its websites and the services they provide.
In any case, Landry’s is the lawful “owner” of the information and each of these
vendors may use the information only for the purpose of administering the
website and its services for Landry’s and will take all necessary precautions to
protect the information. Ownership of any information you provide us will be
held solely by Landry’s. We will not sell ownership of this data to any other
company or organization.
We will not transfer information to competitors. Your
information will always be used only to help us ensure that our website and any
related services meet your expectations. At Landry’s, your personal information
is safe. We don't give, share, sell, or lend your information.
Information
Distribution
It is our strict policy not to share your personal information or
preferences with any third party, except as is necessary to operate and improve
our website, or to provide any service requested by you on our website.
Although
unlikely, we may be required by law enforcement or judicial authorities to
provide personally identifiable information to the appropriate governmental
authorities. If requested as part of a legal proceeding, we will provide this
information upon receipt of the appropriate documentation.
It is not our usual
policy but from time to time we may permit other companies to place advertising
on our website, and these companies may collect information about you through
the use of cookies when you view or click on their advertising or content (using
the same techniques described above). Due to the way the Internet operates, we
cannot control this collection of information. You should contact these
advertisers or content providers if you have any questions about their use of
the information they collect.
There may be links that will let you leave our
website, such as when purchasing a Landry’s gift card or finding out more about
the different Landry’s concepts. Except for websites directly related to Landry’s programs and
services, we cannot control the links or their websites and we are not
responsible for the contents of any linked website or any link contained in a
linked website. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement of the
website. The use and/or privacy provided by a linked website as to any
information you provide in accessing that website is in no way subject to our
privacy policy. Any linked website may have its own policy that could differ
considerably from our policy, or the linked website may not display any privacy
policy at all. In any case, even though a linked website is accessed through our
website, we cannot be responsible for any use that a linked website may make of
your information.
What Kind of Security Procedures Are in Place to Protect the
Loss, Misuse or Alteration of Information
We operate
secure data networks protected by industry standard firewall and password
protection systems. Our security and privacy policies are periodically reviewed
and enhanced as necessary and only authorized individuals have access to the
information provided by our customers. Any particularly sensitive information,
such as a customer's credit card number, is encrypted prior to transmission.
Your Acceptance of These Terms
By using this site, you agree to our
Privacy Policy. We may also change the policy from time to time, so please be
sure to visit this site often to see if anything has changed. If we post changes
and you continue to use the site, you will be deemed to have agreed to the
changes.
Home    About Us    Careers    Landry's Select Club    Privacy Policy
Our Restaurant: Menu | Locations | The Experience | Private Dining | Prime Events |
Gift Cards
Our Community:
Join Mailing List | Contact Us
Certain activities provided by this website may be covered by U.S. Patent No. 5,930,474