http://www.classltd.com/privacy_policy.html
Privacy Policy
Class Instrumentation Privacy Policy..in brief
Class Instrumentation is committed to protecting your privacy.
Class Instrumentation has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy.
The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for the website at URL: www.classltd.com
Class Instrumentation do not disclose visitors information to third parties.
Any information that you provide us with, whether it be business or personal information (such as your name or address), cannot be seen by third parties.
The information we keep is stored on our own computer systems, not on a website.
This site may at times contain links to other, third party websites;  Class Instrumentation is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
This privacy statement is not presented as a legally binding contract.
What information do we collect or use?
There are sections in our website where we may ask you to register in order to gain access to high value documents, or to be able to download various items, or to make contact with Class Instrumentation. Any information you provide will remain the secured property of Class Instrumentation. Under no circumstances will it be sold or rented to any third party. Class Instrumentation may, however, use your contact information to send you any information you have specifically requested or any other information or news about our company and services. Your details maybe used in an aggregated form for marketing analysis of our website traffic.
In addition to any personal information you may provide, Class Instrumentation may, on occasion use software or other tools that enable the collection of relevant technical information, for example the IP address (Internet protocol) (IP), the operating system deployed on your computer, the browser used for access, various traffic patterns, as well as the address of any referring websites. Class Instrumentation always traces how a visitor arrives at the Class Instrumentation website, however it is not possible to and we will not attempt to gather information about other sites that have been visited prior to landing at www.classltd.com.
How we may use your personal information?
Class Instrumentation may use your personal information for the following purposes:
To enable you to use the site without repeatedly entering passwords or logins.
To provide information or services that you have requested.
To help us manage our content to ensure it is relevant and appropriate to you.
To alert you to company news, product upgrades, other updated information and new products and services from Class Instrumentation
What is a ‘cookie’?
Cookies are a common Internet technology that assign a unique identification to your computer and store the detail on only YOUR computer’s hard drive via a facility in your Web browser.
Cookies are used on this site. They are used to keep track of the information you have given us during your visits to the site. The cookie stored on your computer is simply a numeric identifier that we use to identify you as you move around the site and so you can retrieve information you have previously sent to our server.
What about links on your site?
Class Instrumentation may, periodically, provide links on our site that direct to external, third party websites.
We have no control over the content other sites, nor the usage of information they gather.
We recommend that you always review the privacy policies at any third party sites you visit; they may not follow the same policies as us
Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”).
Google Analytics uses cookies, to help the website analyze how users use the site.
The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States.
Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage.
Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf.
Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.
By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
Opting Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us and our partners at the point where we request information about the visitor.
Footer
Accreditations & Memberships ABS Classification Society Manufacturing Process Approved
ISO 9001:2015 Certification Number 14124458
IIMS Corporate Membership Number C508
NCAGE Number U0B22
NFPA Membership Number 2800960
FPA Membership Number 27135
Class Instrumentation LtdWorldwide Head Office
Class Instrumentation Ltd
837 Garratt Lane
London
SW17 0PG
United Kingdom
VAT Number: GB934 0042 61
Company Number: 3252796
Get In Touch
Phone: + 44 (0)20 8333 2288
Email: info@classltd.com
Privacy Policy
English (UK)
Français
Deutsch
Español
English (UK)