https://www.hoshizakiamerica.com/Privacy%20Policy/#privacy_contact_us
Skip to content
PRIVACY AND COOKIE POLICY
Hoshizaki America, Inc. (hereinafter, “Hoshizaki,” “us,” or “we”) respects your privacy and we are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy summarizes how we use, process, share, store, and retain information, including personal information, that we collect from your use or access to hoshizakiamerica.com (hereinafter, “Website”), and other services that incorporate the terms and conditions herein. This Privacy Policy incorporates and defines our Cookie Policy.
Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding how we will collect, use, and retain your information. If you do not agree with our privacy policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Website. By accessing or using this Website, you agree to this privacy policy.
What Is Personal Information
For purposes of our Privacy Policy, the term “personal information” means any information relating to an individual who can be identified, directly or indirectly, by reference to identifiers, such as names, residential addresses, telephone numbers, identification numbers, email addresses, and online identifiers (e.g., online user names).
Personal Information We Collect and How We Collect It
We collect information only when we have a lawful basis to do so. For example, we may collect information with your consent, to satisfy our contractual obligations, to perform legitimate business activities, and to satisfy our legal, regulatory, or professional responsibilities.
In order to access certain services or products from our Website, you may need to provide (and we will collect) the following categories of personal information directly from you at the time the services or products are requested: name (first and last), email, company for whom you are employed, address, and telephone number.
We may collect information that we receive through automatic data collection technologies. For example, when you access or contact our Website, we may collect details of this interaction, including traffic data, location data, logs, and other communication data, and the resources that you access and use on the Website, and information about your computer and internet connection, including your Internet Protocol (IP) address, operating system, and browser type. Please see our Cookie Policy below for more information.
We do not collect information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites or other online services (behavioral tracking).
Why We Collect Personal Information
We use personal information (sometimes combined with non-personal information) for a broad range of legitimate business purposes, including but not limited to the following:
Contacting Us
You may submit an inquiry or comment to Hoshizaki along with your contact information; we may retain and use this data for the purpose of replying to your inquiry and for other business-related purposes.
Using an Online Account
If you create an online account with the Website, we collect the account information that you submit, such as your name, email address, and log-in information. We also collect any personal information you submit to the account.
Emailing for Marketing Information
If you provide us your email address and consent to receive marketing information, we may provide you with such information, including email alerts, newsletters, or other email correspondence related to our services.
Using Website Services
We may use your personal information to identify you when you visit our Website, personalize and improve the usability of our Website, and provide you with notices about your Hoshizaki account.
Automatic Data Collection Technologies
We may automatically collect data as you access our Website, and this data is used to enhance your experience with our Website. This data will assist us in estimating our audience size and usage patterns. Please see our Cookie Policy below for more information.
Other Contacts
You may, in connection with a Hoshizaki service or product, provide us with your personal information in other ways. In these circumstances the scope of personal information will be limited to the information provided to us (either directly or indirectly), and we will handle any such personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Our Cookie Policy
Our Website uses cookies to save and retrieve information about your visit to our Website. Cookies are small files of software which save and retrieve information about your visit to a website or application. They reside in your internet browser to help remember your preferences and previous activity. You can find more information about cookies at www.allaboutcookies.org. We use cookies and log files to analyze trends, administer the Website, and track users movements around the Website. We may receive anonymized reports based on the use of these technologies on an aggregated basis. We also use this data to provide the Website’s content, ensure the functionality of our information technology systems, and to optimize our Website.
Users can control and refuse the use of cookies at the individual browser level. Cookies installed can be deleted. If you reject cookies, you may still use our Website, but your ability to use some features or areas of our Website may be limited. When you visit our Website, the following categories of cookies will be set in your browser: (1) strictly necessary cookies that are essential in order to enable you to move around our Website and use its features; (2) registered visitor cookie, which are a unique identifier given to each registered user and used to recognize you anonymously through your visit and when you return to the Website; (3) performance cookies that collect information so that we can analyze how our visitors use our Website; (4) functional cookies that allow our Website to remember choices you make (e.g., such as your user name or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personal features; and (5) analytics cookies to assist us understand how people use the Website.
Google Analytics
Our Website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service of Google, Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043 USA, www.google.com (“Google Analytics” or “Google”). Google Analytics employs cookies that are stored to your computer in order to facilitate an analysis of your use of the Website. The information generated by these cookies, such as time, place and frequency of your visits to our Website, including your IP address, is transmitted to Google’s location in the United States and stored there. Google uses your personal and anonymized information to analyze your use of our Website, to compile reports for us on internet activity and to provide other services relating to our Website. Google may also transfer this information to third-parties where required to do so by law or where such third-parties process this data on Google’s behalf. Google states that it will in never associate your IP address with other data held by Google. You can prevent cookies from being installed by adjusting the settings on your browser software accordingly as noted elsewhere in this Privacy Policy. You should be aware, however, that by doing so you may not be able to make full use of all the functions of our Website. Google Analytics also uses electronic images known as web beacons (sometimes called single pixel gifs) and are used along with cookies to compile aggregated statistics to analyze how our Website is used. You can find additional information on how to install a browser add-on here: tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. For the cases in which personal data is transferred to the United States, Google has self-certified pursuant to the EU-US Privacy Shield. To receive the most recent information concerning how Google uses your personal information and other data, please visit google.com/policies/privacy/partners.
Disclosing Personal Information
We share your personal information only to perform routine business and administrative functions, and we do not sell your personal information to any third-party for their own advertising or marketing purposes. For example, we may share personal information that we collect to third-party service providers and nonaffiliated companies to support our legitimate business interests, assist in our ability to satisfy our contractual obligations, and to perform other support or marketing services on our behalf, such as data processing, market research, and mailings.
We may share personal information in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Hoshizaki’s practice or assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by Hoshizaki or our Website users is among the assets transferred.
We may share personal information to comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request; to enforce or apply this Privacy Policy, our Website terms of use, and other agreements; and if we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Hoshizaki, our customers, or others.
We may share personal information for any other purpose for which we have your consent or to fulfill any other purpose for which you provide the information to us.
Protecting Personal Information
Keeping personal information confidential and secure is of utmost importance to us. We undertake commercially reasonable efforts and follow any applicable standard industry practices to protect the confidentiality, security, and integrity of your personal information. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Website. Any electronic transmission of personal information (e.g., over the internet) is at your own risk, and Hoshizaki is not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Website.
Your Rights and Options
Marketing
You may, at any time, request that we stop sending you marketing or information-related materials by following the “opt-out” instructions included within these materials or by contacting us directly.
California Privacy Rights
Pursuant to California’s law, California residents who provide personal information (as defined in California law) to obtain products or services for personal, family, or household use are entitled to request and obtain from us, once a calendar year, information about the personal information we shared, if any, with other businesses for marketing uses. Hoshizaki does not, at any time, share your personal information with a third-party with whom we know or have reason to believe uses the personal information to undertake independent direct marketing. California residents may have addition rights, including, but not limited to, data access and deletion. If you wish to exercise any of these rights, please contact us in accordance with the instructions provided below in the “How to Contact Us” section.
Automated Tracking Tools
Our Website may use cookies (or browser cookies), Flash cookies, web beacons and other techniques for legitimate business purposes, including for storing your preferences and navigation to, from, and on our Website. Most browsers allow users to activate settings to refuse some or all of these techniques. You should consult your browser provider’s instructions on privacy settings to determine the settings most appropriate for your preferences. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of our Website may then be inaccessible or not function properly. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system may issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Website.
European Union (EU), General Data Protection Regulation
If you are located in the EU, you may have certain rights with respect to the personal information we have about you. To the extent permitted by applicable data protection laws, you may access the personal information we hold about you; request that inaccurate, outdated, or no longer necessary information be corrected, erased, or restricted; and request that we provide your personal information in a format that allows you to transfer it to another service provider. You also may withdraw your consent at any time where we are relying on your consent for the processing of your personal information. You may object to our processing of your personal information where that processing is based on our legitimate interest. You have the right to lodge a complaint with your competent data protection authority. If you wish to exercise any of these rights, please contact us in accordance with the instructions provided below in the “How to Contact Us” section. We may need to collect and process information about you solely for the purpose of responding and satisfying any data right request you may have.
Children’s Privacy
Our Website is not directed to children under the age of sixteen. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under sixteen without parental consent or a lawful basis, we will delete that information upon notice. If you believe we may have erroneously collected information from or about a child under sixteen, please contact us in accordance with the instructions provided below in the “How to Contact Us” section.
Information Stored in the United States
The information (including personal information) that Hoshizaki collects and processes is stored in the United States. If you are located outside of the United States, please be aware that information you submit will be transferred to the United States, and that the United States may not provide the same level of protections as the laws in your country. By continuing to provide us such information you hereby consent to this transfer.
Retention and Protecting Former Client Information
We access, retain, store, and use information for the least amount of time necessary pursuant to our relationship with you, and in accordance with applicable law. We do not collect more personal information than is necessary to fulfill our obligations to you or for purposes stated in this policy. Should you become an inactive client or should our relationship end, we will continue to protect the confidentiality and security of your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
We May Update This Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time, and we will, when required by law, notify you of such changes or updates. The updated Privacy Policy will be posted on our Website and your continued use of the Website after we post a revised Privacy Policy signifies your acceptance of the revised Privacy Policy.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns with regard to this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
Hoshizaki America, Inc.
ATTN: Privacy Officer
618 Highway 74 South
Peachtree City, Georgia 30269
Email: [email protected]
[Effective Date: November 10, 2018]
Toggle Sliding Bar Area
LIBRARYCatalog and Price Guide
Warranty Registration
Sales Literature
Types of Ice
Service\Parts Manuals
CAD\Revit Files
2020 Catalog & Price Guide
2020 Price List
TwitterLinkedInFacebookPinterestYouTubeInstagramWhere to BuyCatalogLocate Service Rep
By clicking accept, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation and analyze site usage.							Cookie Settings
ACCEPT
PERFORMANCE COOKIES
Users can control and refuse the use of cookies at the individual browser level. Cookies installed can be deleted. If you reject cookies, you may still use our Website, but your ability to use some features or areas of our Website may be limited. View Privacy Policy for more information.
PRIVACY POLICY
3RD PARTY EMBEDS
Elements of the Website may not function properly, if the following are unchecked:
YouTube
Facebook
Twitter
Google Maps
PROTECTING PERSONAL INFORMATION
Keeping personal information confidential and secure is of utmost importance to us. We share your personal information only to perform routine business and administrative functions, and we DO NOT sell your personal information to any third-party for their own advertising or marketing purposes. [full details]
YOUR RIGHTS & OPTIONS
You may, at any time, request that we stop sending you marketing or information-related materials by following the “unsubscribe” instructions included in marketing emails or by contacting us directly.
To review all your rights and options on our Website, please read our Privacy & Cookie Policy.
Go to Top