http://www.osigroup.com/privacy-policy/
contact@osigroup.com 630.851.6600
HomeAbout UsProductsCapabilitiesSustainabilityNewsCareersLocationsContact Us Select PageHomeAbout UsProductsCapabilitiesSustainabilityNewsCareersLocationsContact Us
Privacy Policy
OSI Privacy Policy
Last Updated: July 30, 2020
OSI Group and its U.S.-based affiliates, OSI Industries, LLC and Amick Farms, LLC (collectively “OSI” or “We”) respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”).
This Policy describes the types of personal information we may collect from you, how that information is collected, used, retained and protected, and how you may contact us if you have any questions or concerns.
Information Collected
Use of Information Collected
Sharing and Transfer of Information
Children’s Privacy
Your Choices
Retention and Security of Personal Information
Links to Other Sites and Social Media
EU-U.S. Privacy Shield
Changes to our Privacy Policy
Contact Us
This Privacy Policy may change from time to time (see Changes to our Privacy Policy below). Your continued use of the Site after we make changes constitutes your acceptance of those changes.
Information Collected
Information You Knowingly Provide.
We collect the information you knowingly provide to us, for example, when you submit an application for employment with us, fill in forms on our websites (collectively ‘Sites’), communicate with us via email addresses specified on our Sites, or when you contact us about our products or services. Such information may include your personal information. Personal information is any information by which you may be personally identified, such as your name, postal address, telephone number, email address, date of birth, Social Security Number, employment, financial or health information and any other information defined as personal or personally identifiable information under an applicable law.
Information Automatically Collected Through Technologies.
We may use automated technology to collect information from your computer system or mobile device when you visit our facilities or use our Sites. Such information may include your operating system or browser type, screen resolution, language, city and country to create reports for system administration. We do not receive personally identifiable information from the use of automated technology.
Automated technology may include cookies, web beacons and similar tracking technologies. A “cookie” is a small text file that is placed onto an Internet user’s web browser or device and is used to remember and/or obtain information about the user. A “web beacon” is a small object or image that is embedded into a web page, application, or email and is used to track activity. They are also sometimes referred to as pixels and tags.
Information from Other Sources.
We may collect information about you from other companies and organizations. For example, we may need to obtain personal information about you from third parties in order to process your job applications. We may also collect information that is publicly available. For example, we may collect information about you when you interact with us through social media.
Use of Information Collected
We may use information collected for purposes described in this Privacy Policy or as otherwise disclosed to you on our Sites or in connection with our business operations. For example, where permitted under applicable law, we may use the information that you provide or about you to:
Provide and deliver products and services you request;
Communicate with you regarding your orders, purchases, accounts, employment applications or promotions entries;
Respond to your comments and questions and provide customer service;
Operate and improve our Sites, products, and services;
Protect against, identify and prevent fraud and other crime, claims and other liabilities;
Comply with applicable law; and
Any other purpose you have authorized.
Sharing and Transfer of Information
We do not sell your personal information and only share your information as described in this Privacy Policy.
OSI Group Family. We may share your information within the OSI Group family. The OSI Group family includes OSI, our subsidiaries and affiliates. Members of the OSI Group family who receive this information from us are not authorized to use or share the information, except as set out in this Policy.
Third Party Vendors. We may share your information with vendors who provide services to us, such as fulfilling orders, providing data processing and other information technology services, auditing, compliance, and corporate governance functions.
Legal Obligations and Rights. We may share your information in connection with: (i) the establishment, exercise, or defense of legal claims; (ii) to comply with laws or to respond to lawful requests and legal process; (iii) to protect the rights and property of OSI, our agents, customers, and others, including to enforce our agreements, policies, and terms of use; (iv) to detect, suppress, or prevent fraud; (v) an emergency to protect the personal safety of OSI, its customers, or any person; or (vi) as otherwise permitted by applicable law.
Business Reorganization or Sale. We may, for strategic or other business reasons, decide to sell or transfer all or a portion of our business. As part of that sale or transfer, we may pass information we have collected and stored, including customer information, to anyone involved in the sale or transfer.
We may share your information for any other purposes with your consent.
We may also share aggregated or anonymized information in a form that does not directly identify you.
OSI is a global company. Given the global nature of both the internet and OSI’s operation, using the internet to collect and process personal information may entail transmission of the information across country borders. By submitting your personal information to us via the Site, you agree that we may export your personal information to one or more of our offices in other countries and process it there in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the local applicable laws and regulations.
Except as provided herein, OSI does not sell, transfer or otherwise share your personal information with other third parties.
Children’s Privacy
Our Sites are not intended for children under 13 years of age. We do not knowingly collect information from children under 13. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact our compliance representative listed below and we will use reasonable efforts to promptly delete the child’s information from our records.
Your Choices
We do not share personal information with third parties for their own direct marketing purposes. You are in control of any personal information you provide to us. If at any time, you would like to access, correct or delete your personal information in our records, you may do so by contacting our compliance representative listed below. We may not accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect.
Notice to California residents under 18 years of age
If you are a registered user of online services under the age of 18, and we have actual knowledge of your age, then under California law you may request and obtain removal of certain content or information you have posted on our online services. To do so, please contact us at the address, phone number or email address below. Please note that removal does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content. For example, removal may not be possible or permitted if another provision of law requires the content to be maintained, if it was posted or reposted by others, or if we paid compensation to you in exchange for the posting.
Retention and Security of Personal Information
OSI will retain your personal Information only for as long as necessary to fulfill the purpose(s) for which it was collected and to comply with applicable laws and your consent to such purpose remains valid after termination of our relationship with you.
We are committed to taking appropriate measures designed to keep your personal information secure. While we will take reasonable steps to safeguard your personal information against accidental, unlawful or unauthorized loss, access, use, alteration, disclosure or destruction, no website, mobile application, computer system, or transmission of information over the internet or any other public network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
We urge you to be careful online. This includes not sharing your user names and passwords. Any transmission of personal information by you through such mediums is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on those mediums.
Links to Other Sites and Social Media
Please note that our Sites may contain links to third party websites for your convenience and information. OSI does not control or endorse those sites or their privacy practices, and this Privacy Policy does not apply to third party websites. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of those third party websites before providing your personal information to them.
EU-U.S. Privacy Shield
OSI and its U.S. based subsidiaries participate in the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework (“Privacy Shield”) administered by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union to the United States. OSI has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. OSI’s participation in the Privacy Shield subjects it to the investigatory and enforcement power of the Federal Trade Commission.  To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/.
As a Privacy Shield participant, OSI is committed to and has certified that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles for all personal information received from the European Union in reliance on the Privacy Shield. Please note the following:
OSI may share personal information that is subject to the Privacy Shield Principles with service providers who provide services to us, as described above in Section 3. OSI may be liable under the Privacy Shield if these vendors process such personal information in a manner inconsistent with the Privacy Shield and OSI is responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
OSI may disclose personal information received in reliance on the Privacy Shield in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
You have the right to request access to personal information received by OSI in reliance on the Privacy Shield, and to exercise choice in limiting OSI’s use and disclosure of such information. If you are interested in exercising your right and choice, please contact the OSI compliance representative listed below.
In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, OSI commits to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal information.  EU individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our Privacy Shield policy should first contact OSI at:
OSI Group, LLC
Attn: Compliance Representative
1225 Corporate Boulevard
Aurora, IL 60505
USA
Fax: 630.851.0927
E-mail: OSIDataPrivacy@osigroup.com
OSI has further committed to refer unresolved Privacy Shield complaints to JAMS, an alternative dispute resolution provider located in the United States.    If you do not receive timely acknowledgement of your complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your complaint to your satisfaction, please contact or visit JAMS complaint handling webpage.  The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to you.  If JAMS is unable to resolve your concern, you may have the right to invoke binding arbitration under certain conditions. To learn more about this option, click here.
Please note that the foregoing processes apply only to the resolution of disputes regarding personal information received by OSI under the Privacy Shield. All other disputes that you may have with OSI, its subsidiaries or affiliates, or any agents, representatives, agencies, officers, directors, or employees, must be resolved in accordance with the terms and conditions of any applicable websites, email newsletters, email subscriptions or other digital properties owned or controlled by a member of the OSI Group family.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
OSI reserves the right, at its discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this Privacy Policy from time to time. The date this Privacy Policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. We encourage you to visit the Site and check this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy will confirm your acceptance of those changes.
Contact Us
OSI Group, LLC
Attn: Compliance Representative
1225 Corporate Boulevard
Aurora, IL 60505
USA
Fax: 630.851.0927
E-mail: OSIDataPrivacy@osigroup.com
© Copyright
OSI Group. All Rights Reserved.      Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  California Supply Chains Act  |  UK Tax Strategy
By continuing to browse this website you agree to our use of cookies in accordance with our Online Privacy Policy.Accept