https://www.smartdesks.com/privacy-policy/
×
How to request a quote from SMARTdesks
Close
Home
/
Privacy Policy
SMARTDESKS Website Privacy Policy
Latest Update: September 28, 2020
SMARTdesks (“CBT Supply, Inc”, “we”, “us”, “Site” or “Company”) regards your privacy with the highest respect and consideration of protection.
This policy relates to the types of data we may collect from you when you visit our website www.smartdesks.com and all subdomains.
The policy is limited to information collected on the website www.smartdesks.com, all www.smartdesks.com subdomains, and in e-mails, texts, chats and other messages between you and the website. SMARTdesks does not rent or sell customer information collected on this Site.
The Privacy Policy is subject to change by SMARTdesks at any time at its sole discretion.  Use of the Site after such changes constitutes your acknowledgment and acceptance of the changes.  WHEN YOU SUBMIT PERSONAL INFORMATION TO US BY ACCESSING OR USING THE SITE, YOU GIVE YOUR CONSENT THAT ALL PERSONAL INFORMATION SUBMITTED MAY BE UTILIZED FOR THE PURPOSE OUTLINED IN THE PRIVACY POLICY.  YOU ALSO CONSENT TO THE SMARDTDESKS WEBSITE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE POLICY. IT IS ADVISABLE TO CHECK THESE POLICIES REGULARLY FOR ANY CHANGES.
Information Collected
Direct Data Collection: When you fill out a Quote or Design Request Form from the Site you are voluntarily providing personal information to enable us to process your inquiry and to provide you with the information on products and services you request. This information will enable us to contact you, service your quote or order and identify you. The information you provide directly may include names, addresses, telephone numbers, email addresses, domain name, project name, bill to and ship to addresses, as well as pertinent information you have provided to describe and implement your intentions. We retain personal information for the purpose of providing products and services for fulfillment of your transaction and to keep records for essential purposes such as legal compliances, obligations, disputes and enforcing our agreements. SMARTdesks does not rent or sell the customer information entered on this Site.
Indirect Data Collection: When you visit the website we also collect information about you individually but which does not identify you or your personal information.  The information collected pertains to pages visited as you navigate the site, duration of visit, IP addresses and information collected through tracking software and cookies. This information is statistical data and does not include personal information.  We may utilize this data and associate it with customer information we collect from third parties to enhance the website based on visitor preferences. SMARTdesks does not rent or sell the customer information collected from this Site.
Automatic Data Collection: Other parties such as third party advertising partners and analytics provider (eg. Google Analytics) may collect data and usage details to track the Site performance. Google Analytics is a web analytics service which places cookies on your computer to help the website analyze how users use the Site. The information generated by the cookie about your visit to the Site will be transmitted to and stored by Google servers.  Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating the user visit, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services regarding website activity.
Collection Process for Indirect Data
Tracking code
We use tracking codes placed on our webpages to statistically collect visitor information, duration of time spent on a page or pages, IP addresses and company name tied to the IP address.  No personal information is collected by the tracking code.  This code resides on our website and is not transferred to your computer. If your browser sends a “do not rack” signal or similar mechanism to indicate you do not want to be tracked, our Site will not track you.
Cookies are files placed on your computer’s hard drive, mobile phone, or tablet when you access the Site.
Cookies will not damage your devices. They collect and store information about your preferences and navigation on our Site. They can enhance your user experience.  When you direct your browser to our website, our system will insert cookies on your device.  UNLESS YOU DISABLE COOKIES ON YOUR COMPUTER, YOU ARE CONSENTING TO ALLOW US TO SET COOKIES AS DESCRIBED ABOVE.
Third Party Services
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the privacy practices of third parties that we do not own or control, including but not limited to any third party websites, services, applications, online resources to which this Site may link or otherwise reference (collectively Third Party Services or TPS) that you may access through SMARTdesks.
For example, SMARTdesks uses YouTube API Services as a TPS, and you are agreeing to be bound by the YouTube Terms of Service (https://www.youtube.com/t/terms), Privacy Policy (https://policies.google.com/privacy), and API Services Terms of Service (https://developers.google.com/youtube/terms/api-services-terms-of-service) when engaging YouTube content and services through SMARTdesks. We take no responsibility for the content or privacy practices of any TPS. We encourage you to carefully review the privacy policies of any TPS you access.
Entire Agreement
The Terms of Use herein and our Privacy Policy comprise the only and entire agreement between you and SMARTdesks with respect to the Site and supersede all prior understandings, agreements, representations and warranties, written and oral with respect to the Site.
Corporate Information
About SMARTdesks
Product Catalog
MSRP Price List
SMARTdesks Store
SMARTdesks Blog
COVID-19 Response
Legal Information
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
LEED Statement
BIFMA Test
Contact Us
Contact Us
Request a Design Quote
Free Consultation
Popular Products
Computer Desks
Computer Tables
Conference Tables
Home Office Furniture
Business Office Furniture
Motorized Standing Desk
Connect with Us
Join our Mailing List
Subscribe
Contracts
New York State Furniture Contract
Contract period: 12/2/2018 - 12/1/2023
Contract number PC68491
© 2020 CBT Supply Dba Smartdesks. SMARTdesks® is a registered trademark of CBT Supply, Inc.