https://www.rushlift.co.uk/cookie-policy/
HomeCookie Policy
Cookie policy
We ask that you read this cookie policy carefully as it contains important information on who we are and our use of cookies or similar technologies on our website. This policy should be read together with ournd our Applicant Privacy Policy which set out how and why we collect, store, use and share personal information generally, as well as your rights in relation to your personal information and details of how to contact us and supervisory authorities in the event that you have a complaint.
Who we are
This website is operated by the Doosan Group.  For more information about us, please read the page on ‘Our Belief’.
Our website
This cookie policy relates to your use of our website, www.rushlift.co.uk
Cookies
A cookie is a small data file which is placed onto your device (eg computer, smartphone or other electronic device) when you use our website. We use cookies on our website. These help us recognise you and your device and store some information about your preferences or past actions.
For example, we may monitor how many times you visit the website, which pages you go to, traffic data, location data and the originating domain name of a user’s internet service provider. This information helps us to build a profile of our users. Some of this data will be aggregated or statistical, which means that we will not be able to identify you individually.
You can set your browser not to accept cookies and the websites below tell you how to remove cookies from your browser. However, some of our website features may not function as a result.
For further information on our use of cookies, including a detailed list of your information which we may collect through cookies, please see below.
Our use of cookies
We use cookies on this website to:
recognise you whenever you visit this website
obtain information about your preferences and use of our website;
carry out research and statistical analysis to help improve our content, products and services and to help us better understand our users’ requirements;
target our marketing and advertising campaigns more effectively by providing interest-based advertisements that are personalised to your interests; and
make your online experience more efficient and enjoyable.
For further information on cookies generally visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org.
Types of cookies
The cookies we place on your device fall into the following categories:
Session cookies—these allow our website to link your actions during a particular browser session. These expire each time you close your browser and do not remain on your device afterwards
Persistent cookies—these are stored on your device in between browser sessions. These allow your preferences or actions across our website to be remembered. These will remain on your device until they expire, or you delete them from your cache.
Strictly necessary cookies—these cookies are essential for you to be able to navigate our website and use its features. Without these cookies, the services you have asked for could not be provided.
Performance cookies—these cookies collect information about how you use our website, e.g. which pages you go to most often. These cookies do not collect personal data about you. All information collected by these cookies is aggregated and anonymous and is only used to improve how our website works.
Functionality cookies—these cookies allow our website to remember the choices you make (such as your user name, language, last action and search preferences) and provide enhanced, more personal features. The information collected by these cookies is anonymous and cannot track your browsing activity on other websites.
Technical name of cookies
Type of cookie
Purpose
Expiration Time
_ga.
Google Analytics
This is a web analytics service provided by Google Inc which uses cookies to distinguish users.
2 years
_gid
Google Analytics
This is a web analytics service provided by Google Inc which uses cookies to distinguish users.
24 hours
_gat
Google Analytics
This is a web analytics service provided by Google Inc which uses cookies to throttle request rate
1 minute
AMP_TOKEN
Google Analytics
This cookie is provided by Google and contains a token that can be used to retrieve a Client ID from AMP Client ID service. Other possible values indicate opt-out, inflight request or an error retrieving a Client ID from AMP Client ID service.
30 seconds to 1 year
_gac_<property-id>
Google Analytics
Contains campaign related information for the user. If you have linked your Google Analytics and AdWords accounts, AdWords website conversion tags will read this cookie unless you opt-out. Learn more.
90 days
Targeting cookies—also known as advertising cookies, these cookies are used to deliver adverts more relevant to you and your interests. They are also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement on our website and help measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaign. They are usually placed by advertising networks with the website operator’s permission. They remember that you have visited a website and this information is shared with other organisations such as advertisers.
The cookies we use
The table below provides more information about the cookies we use and why:
How to turn off cookies
If you do not want to accept cookies, you can change your browser settings so that cookies are not accepted. If you do this, please be aware that you may lose some of the functionality of this website. For further information about cookies and how to disable them please go to the Information Commissioner’s webpage on cookies: https://ico.org.uk/for-the-public/online/cookies/.
You may select which cookies to allow, block or delete (in whole or in part) through the specific functions of your browser. However, if all or some of the cookies are disabled, the website may not be available or may not work properly and you may be forced to change or manually enter some information or preferences each time you visit the website. For more information on how to set preferences on the use of cookies through your browser, click the appropriate link:
Internet Explorer
Firefox
Safari
Chrome
How to contact us
Please contact us if you have any questions about our Cookie Policy.  You can email us at  gdpr.divuk@doosan.com or write to us at Industrial Vehicle UK Ltd, at Registered office address, Unit 12, Kilvey Road, Brackmills Industrial Estate, Northampton, Northamptonshire, NN4 7BQ.
When you visit our website, it will place cookies on your device. To see what cookies we serve and to set your own preferences, please see our Cookie Policy. If you agree to our use of cookies, please continue to use our website. If you don’t agree, please set your preferences before using our website. OkCookie Policy