http://www.aberdeen-angus.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. This privacy statement describes the online information practices which we the Aberdeen-Angus Cattle Society (“we”, “our”) employ in relation to the information which you, our customers, (“you”, “your”) provide when using the www.aberdeen-angus.co.uk website. By accessing and using the Website you are accepting and agreeing to the practices described in this Privacy Statement.
The Information We Collect
We collect personally identifiable information relating to you including name, address, phone number, e-mail address, credit/debit card information (“Personal Information”) in the following situations:
Information collected automatically using “cookies”:
Whenever you interact with the Website, we receive and store certain types of information using “cookies”. We describe how we use “cookies” below.
How we normally use information about you:
We will only use your Personal Information for the purpose(s) for which you provide it to us.  We will not share your data with any third party agent.
Collection of Information by Third-Party Sites
Our website may contain links to other websites whose information practices may be different to ours. You should consult the privacy notices of those third party sites as we have no control over information that is submitted to, or collected by them.
“Cookies”
A cookie is a text-only string of information that a website transfers to the cookie file of the browser on your computer’s hard disk so that the website can remember who you are. A cookie will typically contain the name of the domain from which the cookie has come, the “lifetime” of the cookie, and a value, usually a randomly generated unique number.
When you visit our website we send you a cookie. Cookies may be used in the following ways:
To enable the personalisation features on our Website (which give you the ability to recall recently viewed pages and see information which you have input on line).
To compile anonymous, aggregated statistics that allow us to understand how users use our Website and to help us improve the structure of our Website. We cannot identify you personally in this way.
Disabling / Enabling Cookies
You can accept or decline “cookies” by modifying the setting in your browser. Please note that if you disable “cookies” you may not be able to use all the features of our Website.
Revisions to this Privacy Statement
We reserve the right to revise this Privacy Statement or any part of it from time to time. Please review the Privacy Statement periodically for changes. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Statement applies from time to time to all information that we have about you.
This website uses cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website.Accept Read More RejectReview cookie consent
Necessary
Always Enabled
Search
X