http://www.ati-engineers.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Services
Concept Generation
Design & Engineering
Computer Aided Engineering
Materials Selection
Prototype Support
Development & Testing
Process Development
Manufacturing Support
Automated Assembly & Test Equipment
Custom and Low-Volume Manufacturing
Case Studies
Industrial
Commercial
Medical
Free Tools
Staff & Associates
About Us
Blog
2,450 mile Trek to Biloxi, Mississippi
10,300 mile Park-to-Park Trek
3,200 mile Trek to Maine
3,000 mile Trek to the Florida Keys
2,050 mile Trek to West Virginia, Ohio and Michigan
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
General.
ATI Engineers respects the privacy of every individual who visits our website. This Privacy Statement outlines the information we will collect and how we will use that information. This Statement will also instruct you on what to do if you do not want your personal information collected when you visit our website.
Personal Information.
We will not collect your name, address, telephone number, or e-mail address unless you provide it to us voluntarily. However, we may attempt to collect such information if we believe your use of this website violates any laws. If you do not want this information collected, please do not submit it to us.
If you have already submitted this information and would like for us to remove it from our records, please contact us at the e-mail address listed at the bottom of this Statement. We will use reasonable efforts to delete your information from our existing files.
When you do provide us with personal information, we may use that information in the following ways, unless stated otherwise: we may store and process that information to better understand your needs and how we can improve our services. We may also use that information to contact you. However, we will not provide that information to third parties.
Children.
We have no intention of collecting any personal information (that is, name, address, telephone number, or e-mail address) from individuals under eighteen years of age. Where appropriate, we will specifically instruct children not to submit such information on our website. If a child has provided us with personally-identifiable information, a parent or guardian of that child should contact us at the e-mail address listed at the bottom of this Statement to request that this information be deleted from our records. We will use reasonable efforts to delete the child’s information from our existing files.
Other information collected automatically.
In some cases, we may collect information about you that is not personally-identifiable. Examples of this type of information include the type of Internet Browser you are using, the type of computer operating system you are using, and the URL of the website from which you linked or clicked to our website.
Information we may place automatically on your computer’s hard drive.
When you view our website, we may store some information on your computer. This information will be in the form of a “cookie” or similar file and will help us in many ways. For example, cookies allow us to tailor our website to better match your interests and preferences. With most Internet Browsers, you can erase cookies from your computer hard drive, block all cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. Please refer to your browser instructions or help screen to learn more about these functions.
Who to contact.
If you have submitted personal information through this website and would like that information deleted from our records, please contact us at the following e-mail address: privacy@ati-engineers.com. We will use reasonable efforts to delete your information from our existing files.
privacy policy |
legal notices |
site map
ATI - Applied Technologies Incorporated
153 High Country Drive, Cary, NC 27513
Located in the Raleigh Durham RTP Area
Phone:
(919) 349-5911
Copyright © 2002-2017