https://www.hochikieurope.com/privacy-policy
Subscribe   |   Visit Store
HomeProductsFire DetectionEmergency LightingSpecialist Fire DetectionLeak DetectionESP (Intelligent)CDX (Conventional)FIREwaveL@titudeFIRElinkLinear Heat Detection CableHFPHochiki VADsEkho Hybrid WirelessFIREscapeFIREscape liteFIREscape PlusSIL CapableIntrinsically Safe & Explosion ProofMarineLEAKalarmAboutCase StudiesNewsHistoryComplianceSystems Partners NetworkBlogEventsResourcesTechnical DataFAQsWhite PapersSoftwareBIM ObjectsLiteratureBuilding Information ModellingCareersOur ValuesContact UsTrainingStore
Home  > Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicyThis is privacy notice of Hochiki Europe (UK) Limited.
We respect your privacy and are determined to protect your personal data. The purpose of this privacy notice is to inform you as to how we collect, use, share and store your personal information when you visit our website (regardless of where you visit it from). We’ll also tell you about your privacy rights and how the data protection law protects you.CONTENTS:1. WHO WE ARE AND IMPORTANT INFORMATION2. THE PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU3. HOW WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL DATA4. HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA5. WHO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA WITH6. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS7. DATA SECURITY8. DATA RETENTION9. YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS10. CHANGES TO THIS NOTICE AND YOUR DUTY TO INFORM US OF CHANGES11. QUERIES, REQUESTS OR CONCERNS
1. WHO WE ARE AND IMPORTANT INFORMATION What is the purpose of this privacy notice?This privacy notice aims to give you information on how we collect and process your personal data through your use of this website, including any data you may provide through this website when you sign up for our newsletter, download a document or purchase a product.
This website is not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect data relating to children.
You must read this privacy notice together with any other privacy notice we may provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing personal data about you so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your data. This privacy notice supplements the other notices and is not intended to override them.
Data controller(s)Hochiki Europe (UK) Limited is the controller and responsible for your personal data (collectively referred to as Hochiki, "we", "us" or "our" in this privacy notice). Our contact details are HOCHIKI EUROPE (UK) LIMITED of GROSVENOR ROAD, GILLINGHAM BUSINESS PARK, GILLINGHAM, KENT, ME8 0SA, 01634 260133. For all data matters contact our data representative at info@hochikieurope.com.
Third-party links outside of our controlThis website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements.
When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy notice of every website you visit.
2. THE PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT ABOUT YOUPersonal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. You can find out more about personal data from the Information Commissioners Office.
We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you which we have grouped together follows:• Contact Information that allows us to communicate with you, such as your name, job title, age and prefix, username, mailing address, telephone numbers, email address or other addresses that allow us to send you messages, company information and registration information you provide on our website. • Relationship Information that helps us do business with you, such as the types of products and services that may interest you, contact and product preferences, languages, creditworthiness and marketing preferences. • Transactional information about how you interact with us, including purchases, enquiries, customer account information, order and contract information, delivery details, billing and financial data, details for taxes, transaction and correspondence history, and information about how you use and interact with our websites. We do not collect any Special Categories of Personal Data about you (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data). Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.
If you fail to provide personal data Where we need to collect your personal data by law, or under the terms of a contract we have with you and you fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you (for example, to provide you with goods or services). In this case, we may have to cancel a product or service you have with us but we will notify you if this is the case at the time.
3. HOW WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL DATA We use different methods to collect data from and about you including through: • Directly. You may give us your identity and contact details by filling in forms or by corresponding with us by post, phone, email or otherwise. This includes personal data you provide when you:
o Create an account on our websiteo Request marketing to be sent to you o Request information from an exhibitiono Apply for a credit accounto Purchase products or serviceso Apply for a vacancy• Indirectly: we may obtain information from publicly available sources such as:o Companies House o Website such as LinkedIn or Facebooko Credit reference agencies or references (with your consent)
4. HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATAWe will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:• Performance of Contract this means processing your data where it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or to take steps at your request before entering into such a contract.• Legitimate Interest this means the interest of our business in conducting and managing our business to enable us to give you the best service/product and the most secure experience. We make sure we consider and balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative) and your rights before we process your personal data for our legitimate interests. We do not use your personal data for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law). • Comply with a legal or regulatory obligation this means processing your personal data where it is necessary for compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation that we are subject to.
Generally, we do not rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your personal data other than in relation to sending third party direct marketing communications to you via email. You have the right to withdraw consent to marketing at any time by contact us at e-marketing@hochikieurope.com.
5. PURPOSES FOR WHICH WE WILL USE YOUR PERSONAL DATAWe have set out below, in a table format, a description of all the ways we plan to use your personal data, with the legal bases we rely on to do so.
Note that we may process your personal data for more than one lawful ground depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your data. Please contact us at info@hochikieurope.com if you need details about the specific legal ground we are relying on to process your personal data where more than one ground has been set out in the table below.
Marketing
We strive to provide you with choices regarding certain personal data uses, particularly around marketing and advertising.
We may use your Identity, Contact, Technical, Usage and Profile Data to form a view on what we think you may want or need, or what may be of interest to you. This is how we decide which products, services and offers may be relevant for you.
You will receive marketing communications from us if you have requested information from us or purchased goods or services from us and, in each case, you have not opted out of receiving that marketing.
Third-party marketingWe will get your express opt-in consent before we share your personal data with any company outside the Hochiki and parent company Hochiki group of companies for marketing purposes.
Opting outYou can ask us or third parties to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by contacting e-marrketing@hochikieurope.comWhere you opt out of receiving these marketing messages, this will not apply to personal data provided to us as a result of purchasing products and other transactions.
CookiesYou can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this website may become inaccessible or not function properly. For more information about the cookies we use, please see https://www.hochikieurope.com/use-of-cookies
Change of purposeWe will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If you wish to get an explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please contact our data representative at info@hochikieurope.com.
If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
Please note that we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law.
6. WHO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA WITHWe may have to share your personal data with the parties set out below for the purposes set out in the table in paragraph 4 above.• Internal Third Parties which includes Hochiki Corporation, Hochiki Italia, Hochiki Middle East FZE, Kentec Electronics Limited, Hochiki America Corporation, VES, Hochiki Australia Pty. Ltd, Hochiki Asia Pacific.• External Third Parties Service:o Sales Service Provision (acting as processors) based in the United Kingdom who provide delivery, document certification, IT and administration services.o Professional advisers (acting as processors) including lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers based in the United Kingdom who provide consultancy, legal, banking, insurance, accounting and auditing services.o HM Revenue & Customs, regulators and other authorities (acting as processors) based in the United Kingdom who require reporting for processing activities in certain circumstances.• Third parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or our assets. Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. If a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this privacy notice.
We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
7. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERSWe may share your personal data within the Hochiki Group (Internal third parties), this will involve transferring your data outside the European Economic Area (EEA). By using or accessing our Sites or contacting us and giving your information to us, you acknowledge and agree that your personal information may be collected in, transferred to and accessed by the Company, our group companies, suppliers, distributors and other business partners and/or agents located in countries outside of your country or residence. Please be aware that the privacy protections and legal requirements, including the rights of authorities to access your personal information, in some of these countries may not be equivalent to those in your country of residence. However, we will take reasonable steps to protect your privacy and to provide a level of protection of personal information that is comparable to that of your country of residence.We try to ensure that any transfers of data exclude personal data to reduce the risk of any data breaches.
Whenever we transfer your personal data out of the EEA, we ensure a similar degree of protection is afforded to it by implementing safeguards:• Password protected or encrypted files.• Direct file transfer methods.
Where required, we have put in place appropriate safeguards with our group companies, service providers, contractors, distributors and other business partners and agents to ensure that transfers of personal information outside the EEA are adequately protected. These safeguards typically comprise the EU Standard Contractual Clauses in accordance with Article 46(2) of the EU General Data Protection Regulation.
Please contact us at info@hochikieurope.com if you want further information on the specific mechanism used by us when transferring your personal data out of the EEA.
8. DATA SECURITYWe have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
9. DATA RETENTIONWe will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
By law we have to keep basic information about our customers including contact, identity, financial and transaction data for six years after they cease being customers for tax purposes.
In some circumstances you can ask us to delete your data: see Your legal rights below for further information.
In some circumstances we may anonymise your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
10. YOUR LEGAL RIGHTSUnless subject to an exemption under the data protection laws, you have the following rights with respect to your personal data: • The right to request a copy of the personal data which we hold about you;• The right to request that we correct any personal data if it is found to be inaccurate or out of date;• The right to request your personal data is erased where it is no longer necessary to retain such data;• The right to withdraw your consent to the processing at any time, where consent was the lawful basis for processing your data; • The right to request that we provide you with your personal data and where possible, to transmit that data directly to another data controller, (known as the right to data portability), where applicable i.e. where our processing is based on consent or is necessary for the performance of our contract with you or where we process your data by automated means); • The right, where there is a dispute in relation to the accuracy or processing of your personal data, to request a restriction is placed on further processing;• The right to object to our processing of personal data, where applicable i.e. where processing is based on our legitimate interests (or in performance of a task in the public interest/exercise of official authority); direct marketing or processing for the purposes of scientific/historical research and statistics).
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please email sar@hochikieurope.com for personal information requests for all other requests please email info@hochikieurope.com.
No fee required – with some exceptionsYou will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable admin fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
What we may need from youWe may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
Time limit to respondWe try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
11. CHANGES TO THIS NOTICE AND YOUR DUTY TO INFORM US OF CHANGESThis version was last updated 8th May 2018.
From 25th May 2018 there will be changes in data protection laws and we will then be able to respond to some of your requests i.e. a request for the transfer of personal data. Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us. It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current.
12. QUERIES, REQUESTS OR CONCERNSTo exercise all relevant rights, queries or complaints in relation to this policy or any other data protection matter between you and us, please in the first instance contact our data representative at info@hochikieurope.com.
If this does not resolve your complaint to your satisfaction, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioners Office on 03031231113 or via email https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/email/ or at the Information Commissioner's Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire, SK9 5AF, England, UK.
https://hochiki.chorus.thirdlight.com/link/90fnkku68bsv-ql6j3bGet in touchTerms & ConditionsTerms of usePrivacy PolicyUse of CookiesEnvironmental PolicyHochiki CPDQuick linksHomeSitemapAboutEventsResourcesCareersTrainingConsultant ToolboxCOVID-19 Risk AssessmentInformationHochiki Europe (UK) LtdGrosvenor Road, Gillingham Business Park, Gillingham, Kent ME8 0SA Main switchboard +44 (0)1634 260133 | email info@hochikieurope.com©2020 Hochiki Europe, LLC. All Rights Reserved.Website by Storm12
CThis site uses cookies.Some of these cookies are essential, while others help us to improve your experience by providing insights into how the site is being used.Necessary CookiesNecessary cookies enable core functionality. The website cannot function properly without these cookies, and can only be disabled by changing your browser preferences.Analytical CookiesAnalytical cookies help us to improve our website by collecting and reporting information on its usage.ONOFFx