http://www.imugene.com/privacy-policy
Home
About
Leadership Team
Management Team
Scientific Advisory Board
OV
Scientific Advisory Board
Technology
Oncolytic Virus
B-Cell Immunotherapies
Mimotopes
Publications
Pipeline
Clinical Pipeline
Clinical Trials
Investors
Announcements
Analyst Coverage
Annual Reports
Investor Presentations
Conference Presentations
Media
Videos
Newsletters
Governance
Corporate Governance
Share Trading Policies
Privacy Policy
Looking Forward Statement
Contact
Governance
Corporate Governance
Share Trading Policies
Privacy Policy
Looking Forward Statement
Privacy PolicyThe purpose of this statement is to let users of this web site know what information is collected about them when they visit this site, how this information is used and if it is disclosed.Recording your visit When you look at this web site, we make a record of your visit and log the following information for statistical purposes:Your server address.Your top level domain name (for example .com, .gov, .au, .uk etc).The date and time of your visit to the site.The pages you accessed and documents downloaded.The previous site you visited.The type of browser you usedNo attempt will be made to identify individual users or their browsing activities except, in the unlikely event of an investigation, where a law enforcement agency may exercise a warrant to inspect our logs. Recording your e-mail addressWe will only record your e-mail address if you send us a message. It will only be used for the purpose for which you have provided it and will not be added to a mailing list. We will not use your e-mail address for any other purpose, and will not disclose it, without your consent. Collecting personal informationThere is an electronic form on this site that you can use to request more information from us. When we require you to enter personal information, we will only do so to allow us to respond to your request.We will not collect or solicit personal information via this site which would be unlawful, unnecessary or unrelated to the functions or activities of the Company, or unfair or unreasonably intrusive.Copyright This site contains a variety of copyright material. Some of this is the intellectual property of individuals (as named), some is owned by the Company itself. Some material is owned by others (clearly indicated) and yet other material is in the public domain. Except for material which is unambiguously and unarguably in the public domain, only material owned by Imugene and so indicated may be copied, provided that textual and graphical content are not altered and that the source is acknowledged. The Company reserves the right to revoke that permission at any time. Permission is not given for any commercial use or sale of this material.No other material anywhere on this website may be copied (except as legally allowed for private use and study) or further disseminated without the express and written permission of the legal holder of that copyright.