https://www.glebefarmfoods.co.uk/about-glebe-farm/refund-policy/
Home
Trade
For Manufacturers
We provide the purest gluten free oats, fully certified to the highest standards, and we can deliver to your specifications. Find out how we can help you and support your business.
For Foodservice
Source the gluten free oats and oat products your customers and clients demand. We offer unparalleled quality, reliability and a flexible service to match your needs.
For Retailers & Distributors
View the range of Glebe Farm products, check out our wholesaler distribution and review online buying options.
Login to your trade account here.
Retailers & Distributors
Foodservice
Manufacturers
Products & Shop
Where to buyGlebe Farm products are easy to buy through a number of well-known shops and stockists:Our Online SuppliersOur StockistsOur Wholesalers
Our ShopCerealsPureOaty Oat DrinkFloursBulk
Buy on Amazon
You can now buy Glebe Farm products from our Amazon store
Shop Online
Our Shop
About
About Glebe Farm
Learn more about the farm, our history and what matters to us.
The Oats
Find out more about our gluten free oats: how they are the purest and finest you will find, anywhere in the world.
Our Process
From Field to Folk:See the process we go through to keep your oats Gluten Free
Our Process
About Glebe Farm
The Hero
The Process
Quality statement
Living Gluten Free
Contact
Jobs
News
Events
Jobs
News
Events
Home
Our Products
Our Shop
Refund Policy
RefundPolicy
Returns
Our policy lasts 7 days. If 7 days have gone by since your purchase, unfortunately we can’t offer you a refund or exchange.
To be eligible for a return, your item must be unused and in the same condition that you received it. It must also be in the original packaging.
To complete your return, we require a receipt or proof of purchase.
There are certain situations where only partial refunds are granted:
Any item not in its original condition, is damaged or missing parts for reasons not due to our error.Any item that is returned more than 7 days after delivery
Refunds
Once your return is received and inspected, we will send you an email to notify you that we have received your returned item. We will also notify you of the approval or rejection of your refund.
If you are approved, then your refund will be processed, and a credit will automatically be applied to your credit card or original method of payment, within a certain amount of days.
Late or missed refunds
If you haven’t received a refund yet, first check your bank account again.
Then contact your credit card company, it may take some time before your refund is officially posted.
Next contact your bank. There is often some processing time before a refund is posted.
If you’ve done all of this and you still have not received your refund yet, please contact us at office@glebefarmfoods.co.uk.
Sale items
Only regular priced items may be refunded, unfortunately sale items cannot be refunded.
Exchanges
We only replace items if they are defective or damaged.  If you need to exchange it for the same item, send us an email at office@glebefarmfoods.co.uk and send your item to: Glebe Farm, School Lane, Kings Ripton, Huntingdon, CAM, PE28 2NL, United Kingdom.
Shipping
To return your product, you should mail your product to: Glebe Farm, School Lane, Kings Ripton, Huntingdon, CAM, PE28 2NL, United Kingdom.
You will be responsible for paying for your own shipping costs for returning your item. Shipping costs are non-refundable. If you receive a refund, the cost of return shipping will be deducted from your refund.
Depending on where you live, the time it may take for your exchanged product to reach you, may vary.
If you are shipping an item over £50, you should consider using a trackable shipping service or purchasing shipping insurance. We don’t guarantee that we will receive your returned item.