http://www.amfam.com/privacy-security
Home
Privacy and Security
Privacy and Security Policy
General Privacy Notice
The companies of American Family Insurance Group (see Company Identification) recognize the importance of our customers’ trust.  Keeping personal information confidential is a top priority for all American Family Insurance employees, agents and staff.  This privacy notice, which is required by state and federal law, explains our privacy practices.
This privacy policy applies to the public-facing website available at amfam.com and the pages accessible during and after a user logs into any private applications (My Account and MyAmFam App).    These services are not intended for use by anyone under 18 years  of age.  By using these services, you present that you are 18 years of age or older.
1.  We safeguard, according to strict standards of security and confidentiality, nonpublic, personal information our customers share with us. "Nonpublic, personal information" includes your name, address, Social Security number and credit information. We maintain safeguards, physical and electronic, to protect this information. We conduct our business in a manner that keeps personal customer information secure.
2.  We limit the collection and use of personal information to the minimum we require to deliver superior service and to administer our business. We gather and maintain the following information about people.
a. Voluntary User Information:  information and data you provide voluntarily and knowingly, including information and data you submit or have submitted through forms and applications as well as transactions you have conducted through the course of doing business with American Family.
b. Automatically Collected Information; tracking information, including (but not limited to) IP address, mobile device, browser type and home server information.
3. It is our policy that only authorized American Family Insurance employees, agents and their staff who need to know your personal information will access and use it. American Family Insurance workers who violate our privacy policies are subject to a disciplinary process.
4. It is our policy not to share personal information on current and former customers outside American Family Insurance for any purpose other than the underwriting or administration of a customer’s policy/account, or for marketing additional American Family Insurance products, unless the disclosure has been authorized by the customer or is permitted or required by law.
5. Whenever we retain other organizations to provide support services on behalf of American Family Insurance, we require them to protect customers’ personal information.
6. To update your personal information, please contact your agent.
7. Tracking technology including, but not limited to, cookies, beacons, tags and scripts or other similar technologies may be utilized by American Family and analytic service providers (e.g. Google Analytics). These tracking technologies are used to gather information about our user base. The information collected may include device specific-information (including, but not limited to, hardware model, operating system version and unique device identifiers) and unique application numbers if included within the respective service. We may receive reports on this demographic information from analytic service providers to understand specific market segments based on the demographic and interest data received. This information will be used for, but not limited to, Remarketing, Display Network Impression Reporting, and Demographics and Interest Reporting. The use of these tracking features is governed by Google’s Privacy Policy, as amended by Google. You may opt-out of this data collection by installing the Google Analytics Opt-Out Browser Add-on and Google Ad Removal Plugin.
8. American Family may use common tracking to customize our websites, mobile applications and social media interactions to enhance your overall customer experience. Our mobile and social media applications may also collect non-personally identifiable demographic information (such as age, sex, and city/state location) about the users of each application. Prior to installation of any mobile or social application, you will see a statement describing what information is collected from your use of that particular application. Collection and use of this data is to provide you with more relevant content. You may choose to utilize your social media profile from select social networking sites such as Facebook, Twitter, Google+ and other like-type social media sites to interact with us. By doing so, you specifically grant permission and authorize us to collect; store and use authorized personal information from these sites as indicated during the use and authorization process. To opt-out of the collection and use of information for ad targeting, you can go to http://www.aboutads.info/choices to opt-out.
9. When necessary, we review and revise our privacy policies to protect personal customer information.
Health Information Privacy Notice
Individual Major Medical policies that were previously written by AmFam have been administrated by American Republic since 2010. Our long-term affiliation with American Republic allows for our customers to keep their American Family Major Medical insurance policies and still receive outstanding service. American Family and American Republic take security very seriously and are committed to protecting policy holders’ personal identifiable information, and health history information. For more details on how our companies follow the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) please click the link:
Medical NOPP: https://www.americanrepublic.com/Legal-Pages/Notice-of-Privacy-Practices-Medical
Financial NOPP:
https://www.americanrepublic.com/Legal-Pages/Notice-of-Privacy-Practices-Financial
You may also contact American Republic’s Customer Service Center to discuss topics such as premium payments, customer service and claims processing.
Their dedicated contact number is:
(888) 755-3064
California Privacy Notice
AMERICAN FAMILY INSURANCE
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY NOTICE
Effective Date: January 1, 2020
Last Modified On: October 26, 2020
This California Privacy Notice supplements the American Family Insurance General Privacy Notice and
applies
solely
to
individuals
who
reside
in
California
(“consumers”).
We
have
adopted
this policy to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”).
Information We Collect
CCPA defines personal information as “information that identifies, relates to, describes, is capable of
being
associated
with,
or
could
reasonably
be
linked,
directly
or
indirectly,
with
a
particular consumer
or
household.”
Personal
information
does
not
include
de-identified
or
aggregate consumer information. We will implement technical safeguards to prohibit re-identification of de-identified information about you.
We
have
collected
some
or
all
the
below
categories
of
personal
information
from
consumers within the last twelve (12) months.
Please note that the examples are not an exhaustive list and personal information collected may fall
into
multiple
categories.
Categories
and
specific
pieces
of
information
collected
will
vary depending on the nature of your relationship with us.
Categories of Personal Information
Definition/Examples
Personal Identifiers
Name, DOB, SSN, telephone, address, driver’s license number, passport number, electronic signature, account credentials, passwords, and email address
Demographics
Age, race, ethnicity, religion, gender identification, disability status, citizenship, family relationships, veteran or military status
Professional or Employment Information
Employment contract, salary, disciplinary action, employment history, performance reviews, professional designations, resumes and job applications
Education Information
School records, school(s) attended, dates attended, degree(s) earned, academic achievements
Financial Information
Credit history, bank account numbers, investment or brokerage account numbers, information regarding estate or tax planning, debts, trusts, credit or debit card numbers
Medical and Wellness Information
Medical history, medical questionnaires, information regarding physical, mental and behavioral health, genetic information, information regarding payment for health care services
Biometric Information
Fingerprints, facial recognition scans, eye scans, voice recognition, typing cadence, ongoing monitoring of sleep, health patterns and exercise
Internet or Network Activity
Browser history, search history, IP Address, mobile device identifier, cookies, interaction with website, app and advertisements
Geolocation Data
Point in time location information, GPS coordinates and location-tracking information
Audiovisual Information
On-site security cameras, pictures, video and audio recordings
Profile Data / Inferences
Profiles reflecting a person’s preferences, such as interests, hobbies, characteristic tendencies, behaviors, attitudes or aptitudes, including inferences drawn from personal information.
Commercial Information
Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained or considered or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies
American Family Product Information
Policy and billing account numbers, policy benefits and values, beneficiary, ownership arrangements, transaction history
We
reserve
the
right
to
create
or
allow
others
to
create
aggregate
consumer
information
data sets
by
ensuring
that
individual
consumer
identities
have
been
removed
and
are
not
linked
or reasonably
linkable
to
any
consumer
or
household,
including
via
a
device.
The
CCPA
does
not require that we re-identify such information in response to a consumer request.
We collect personal information about consumers from the following sources:
Insurance applications and related forms
Transactions with us, our affiliates or others
Consumer reporting agencies
Transactions with non-affiliated third parties
How We Use Personal Information
We may use or disclose the personal information we collect for one or more of the following business or commercial purposes:
Insurance policy sales and administration
Marketing and advertising
Claims and investigations
Research and analytics
Fulfilling legal and regulatory obligations
How We Share Personal Information
We do not sell the personal information we obtain.
Your
personal
information
may
be
disclosed
to
our
affiliates
or
an
external
third
party
for
a business purpose. When we disclose personal information to an external third party for a business purpose,
we
enter
a
contract
with
the
recipient
that
describes
the
purpose
for
sharing
the information
and
requires
the
recipient
to
protect
that
information.
Our
affiliates
are
only permitted to use personal information we disclose to them for authorized business purposes and they are required to protect the information in accordance with approved data security plans.
We may share your personal information with the following categories of third parties including:
Other insurance institutions, financial institutions or insurance support organizations;
Authorized agents or brokers;
Service providers;
Marketing and advertising partners;
Law enforcement, regulators and other parties for legal reasons; and
Our affiliates.
We may have disclosed personal information to a third party for a business purpose in the last twelve (12) months.
Your Rights and How to Exercise Them
The CCPA grants consumers (California residents) access and deletion rights about the personal information that a business has collected about the consumer in the twelve (12) months prior to the consumer’s request.
Access Request Rights
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information. Once we receive your request and confirm your identity (see Exercising Access and Deletion Rights), we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you;
The categories of sources from which the personal information was collected;
The business or commercial purpose for collecting or disclosing personal information;
The categories of third parties with whom we share personal information; and
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you.
Deletion Request Rights
Subject to certain exceptions, you have the right to request that we delete any of the personal information that we collected from you and have retained. Unless an exception applies, once we receive your request and confirm your identity (see Exercising Access and Deletion Rights), we will delete your personal information from our records and direct our service providers to delete your personal information from their records.
We may deny your deletion request if we did not collect the information directly from you or we or our service providers need the information:
To complete a transaction or service that you requested;
For security purposes;
To identify and repair system errors;
For internal business purposes; or
To comply with a laws or legal obligation.
Exercising Access and Deletion Rights
To exercise your access and deletion rights, please submit a request to us by either:
Completing the request form found HERE; or
Calling us toll-free at (844) 904-1030.
Only you, or an authorized agent appointed to act on your behalf, may make an access or deletion request
related
to
your
personal
information.
You
may
also
make
a
request
on
behalf
of
your minor child. If you are submitting a request on behalf of someone else, you will need to provide proof that you have been authorized by the consumer to make the request for them. To do so, please complete the form found HERE and email or mail it back to the contact information indicated below (see Contact Information).
You may only make an access request twice within a 12-month period.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you. In order to verify your identity, we need information that allows us to reasonably verify that you are the person about whom we collected personal information. Information we request may include:
First, middle, and last name
Date of birth
Phone number
Address
Last four digits if your social security number
Policy or claim number
We will only use the personal information provided to us in an access or deletion request in order to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the request.
Response Timing
We will confirm that we received your request within ten (10) days of receiving the request. We will respond to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five (45) days of its receipt. If we require more
time
(up
to
an
additional
45
days)
to
respond
to
your
request,
we
will
inform
you
of
the reason
and
the
extension
period
in
writing
by
mail
or
electronically
based
on
your
stated preference.
Non-Discrimination
If you choose to exercise your CCPA rights, we will not discriminate against you by:
Denying you goods or services;
Charging you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties;
Providing you a different level or quality of goods or services; or
Suggesting that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of service.
Changes to Our Privacy Notice
We reserve the right at our discretion to amend this privacy notice at any time. When we make changes to this privacy notice, we will post the updated notice on our website (amfam.com) and update
the
notice's
effective
date.
Your
continued
use
of
our
website
following
the
posting
of changes constitutes your acceptance of such changes.
Contact Information
If you have any questions or comments about this notice, the ways in which we collect and use your information, your choices and rights regarding such use, or wish to exercise your rights under California law, please contact us at:
Phone: (844) 904-1030
Email: CA-Privacy@amfam.com
Postal Address:
American Family Insurance
Attn: Corporate Compliance
6000 American Parkway
Madison, WI, 53783
Security Policy
To help ensure the security of personal and financial information that you submit through this website, we use security software to encrypt the information during its transmission. We only allow information to be submitted for transmission if your browser is compatible with our security software. If your browser is not compatible, you will receive a message indicating your transaction cannot be completed because of the security risk.
American Family Insurance uses a secure server and security protocol to safeguard any information you provide. The secure server implements the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol to interact with you when you provide personal information. This technology sends your data through an encrypted tunnel via 128-bit encryption so a third party cannot read the information while in transit. All personal information stored by American Family Insurance is housed securely.
We also use JavaScript, so please enable JavaScript in your browser. We only utilize JavaScript to create more dynamic and user-friendly pages.
We restrict access to non-public personal information about you to our employees and other parties who must use that information to provide products or services to you. Their right to disclose or use the information is limited by our employee code of conduct, applicable law, and nondisclosure agreements where appropriate. We also maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to guard your personal information against unauthorized disclosure or use.
Email Policy
If you no longer wish to receive marketing or promotional emails from American Family, please click the Unsubscribe link included in these emails.
If you unsubscribe from marketing or promotional emails, we will continue to send transactional email messages for service and support, such as for My Account.
Email messages are not secure. Our security software does not encrypt email messages. Unencrypted email messages traveling through the Internet are potentially subject to viewing, alteration and copying by others.