https://www.southerncarlson.com/terms-and-conditions/
Home
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Revised:  March 6, 2019
ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS OF USE
These Terms of Use (“Terms of Use”) are entered into by and between you, whether personally or on behalf of an entity (“you”) and SouthernCarlson, Inc. (“we” or “us”). These Terms of Use, together with any documents they expressly incorporate by reference, govern your access and use of the SouthernCarlson.com and Clavos.com website (the “Site”), including any content, functionality, and services offered on or through the Site, whether as a guest or a registered user.
Please read these Terms of Use carefully before you use the Site. By using the site or by clicking to accept or agree to these Terms of Use when this option is made available to you, you accept and agree to be bound and abide by these Terms of Use, our Privacy Policy (the “Privacy Policy”), and our Return Policy (the “Return Policy”). The Privacy Policy and the Return Policy are each incorporated herein by this reference.  If you do not agree to these Terms of Use or the Privacy Policy, you must not access or use the Site.  If you do not agree to the Return Policy, you must not enter into a Transaction (defined below).
This Site is offered and available to users who are of legal age to form a binding contract with us. By using this Site, you represent and warrant that you meet the foregoing eligibility requirements. If you do not meet these requirements, you must not access or use the Site.
CHANGES TO THE TERMS OF USE
We may revise and update these Terms of Use from time to time in our sole discretion. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of these Terms of Use. All changes are effective immediately when we post them and apply to all access to and use of the Site thereafter. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of revised Terms of Use means that you accept and agree to the changes. You are expected to check this page whenever you access the Site, so you are aware of any changes, as they are binding on you.
ACCESSING THE SITE AND ACCOUNT SECURITY
We reserve the right to withdraw or amend the Site, and any service or material we provide on the Site, in our sole discretion without notice. We will not be liable if, for any reason, all or any part of the Site is unavailable at any time or for any period. From time to time, we may restrict access to some parts of the Site, or the entire Site, to registered users.
You are solely responsible for making all arrangements necessary for you to have access to the Site. To access the Site or some of the resources it offers, you may be asked to provide certain registration details or other information. It is a condition of your use of the Site that all the information you provide on the Site is correct, current, and complete. You agree that all information you provide to register with this Site or otherwise is governed by the Privacy Policy, and you consent to all actions we take with respect to your information consistent with the Privacy Policy.
If you choose, or are provided with, a user name, password, or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential, and you must not disclose it to any other person or entity. You agree to notify us immediately of any unauthorized access to or use of your user name or password or any other breach of security. You also agree to ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session. You should use particular caution when accessing your account from a public or shared computer, so that others are not able to view or record your password or other personal information. You are responsible for all content submitted and activity that occurs under your account, even if done by third parties who have accessed the Site through your account.
We have the right to disable any user name, password, or other identifier, whether chosen by you or provided by us, at any time in our sole discretion, for any or no reason, including if, in our opinion, you have violated any provision of these Terms of Use.
TRANSACTIONS THROUGH THE SITE
If you wish to purchase any product or service made available through the Site (each such purchase, a "Transaction"), you may be asked to supply certain information relevant to your Transaction, including, without limitation, your credit card number, the expiration date of your credit card, your billing address, and your shipping information. By submitting such information, you grant to us the right to provide such information to third parties for purposes of facilitating the completion of Transactions initiated by you or on your behalf. Verification of information may be required prior to the acknowledgment or completion of any Transaction.  We accept the following forms of payment:
Visa
Mastercard
American Express
Discover
SouthernCarlson Preferred Account
YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOU HAVE THE LEGAL RIGHT TO USE ANY CREDIT CARD(S) OR OTHER PAYMENT METHOD(S) UTILIZED IN CONNECTION WITH ANY TRANSACTION.
All descriptions, images, references, features, content, specifications, products, and prices of products and services described or depicted on the Site are subject to change at any time without notice. Certain colors, features, and other descriptions are approximate and are provided for convenience purposes only. We use electronic images in connection with certain products we make available for sale through the Site.  We do not warrant that any particular product image on display accurately represents the exact appearance and makeup of that product.  Product images may represent different iterations of available products, which may differ in terms of exact appearance, available features, design, or configuration.  Products’ particular colorings may differ slightly from their appearance in product images displayed on the Site.  We reserve the right to display generic or other representational images in connection with available products.
While our goal is to maintain an error-free Site, we do not guarantee that any content is accurate or complete, including price information and product specifications. If we discover price errors, they will be corrected on our systems, and the corrected price will apply to your order. We reserve the right to revoke any stated offer and to correct any errors, inaccuracies, or omissions (including after an order has been submitted and accepted).
The inclusion of any products or services on the Site does not imply or warrant that these products or services will be available. We reserve the right, with or without prior notice, to do any one or more of the following: (i) limit the available quantity of or discontinue any product or service; (ii) impose conditions on the honoring of any coupon, coupon code, promotional code, or other similar promotion; (iii) bar any user from making or completing any or all Transaction(s); and (iv) refuse to provide any user with any product or service.
Product prices offered on this Site may vary from other advertised prices due to varying conditions in different geographic markets.  All prices are quoted in U.S. dollars and are valid and effective only within the United States, and such prices do not include shipping and handling or sales taxes, if applicable, which will be added to your total invoice price. You are responsible for the payment of any shipping and handling charges and state and local sales or use taxes that may apply to your order.
It is your responsibility to ascertain and obey all applicable local, state, federal, and international laws (including minimum age requirements) in regard to the receipt, possession, use, and sale of any item purchased from this Site.  Our products require careful and proper use, installation, inspection, and maintenance for proper performance.  We are not responsible, and will not be held liable, for any harm or damages you may incur as the result of improper, illegal, unsafe, or otherwise incorrect use, installation, or inspection of any product you purchase from the Site.  By placing an order, you represent that the products ordered will be used only in a lawful, proper, and safe manner.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
Subject to your continued compliance with these Terms of Use, we hereby grant you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable right and license to access and use the Site solely for your personal, non-commercial purposes or any other purposes expressly authorized by us under a separate written agreement (any such use, an “Authorized Use”).
The Site and its entire contents, features, and functionality (including, but not limited to, all information, software, text, displays, drawings, photographs and other images, video and audio, pricing information and part numbers, and the design, selection, and arrangement thereof), are owned by us and our licensors or other providers of such material and are protected by United States and international copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, and other intellectual property or proprietary rights laws.
You must not reproduce, distribute, modify, create derivative works of, publicly display, publicly perform, republish, download, store, or transmit any of the material on our Site, except as automatically occurs while using the Site for an Authorized Use or as expressly authorized by these Terms of Use or us under a separate written agreement. You may print or download material from the Site solely for your own personal, non-commercial use and not for further reproduction, publication, or distribution. You must not:
Modify copies of any materials from the Site.
Delete or alter any copyright, trademark, or other proprietary rights notices from copies of materials from the Site.
Access or use for any commercial purposes any part of the Site or any services or materials available through the Site, except as expressly authorized by these Terms or Use or us under a separate written agreement.
If you wish to make any use of material on the Site other than as expressly permitted in this section, please address your request to: customercare@southerncarlson.com
If you print, copy, modify, download, or otherwise use or provide any other person with access to any part of the Site in breach of these Terms of Use, your right to use the Site will cease immediately, and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made. No right, title, or interest in or to the Site or any content on the Site is transferred to you, and all rights not expressly granted are reserved by us. Any use of the Site not expressly permitted by these Terms of Use is a breach of these Terms of Use and may violate copyright, trademark, and other laws.
TRADEMARKS
Our name and logo and all related names, logos, service names, designs, and slogans belong to us, our affiliates, or our licensors. You must not use such marks without our prior written permission. All other names, logos, product and service names, designs, and slogans on this Site are the trademarks of their respective owners.
PROHIBITED USES
You may use the Site only for lawful purposes and in accordance with these Terms of Use. You agree not to use the Site:
In any way that violates any applicable federal, state, local, or international law or regulation (including, without limitation, any laws regarding the export of data or software to and from the US or other countries).
To engage in any other conduct that restricts or inhibits anyone's use or enjoyment of the Site, or which, as determined by us, may harm us or users of the Site or expose them to liability.
Additionally, you agree not to:
Use the Site in any manner that could disable, overburden, damage, or impair the Site or interfere with any other party's use of the Site, including their ability to engage in real time activities through the Site.
Use any robot, spider, or other automatic device, process, or means to access the Site for any purpose, including monitoring or copying any of the material on the Site.
Use any manual process to monitor or copy any of the material on the Site or for any other unauthorized purpose without our prior written consent.
Use any device, software, or routine that interferes with the proper working of the Site.
Introduce any viruses, trojan horses, worms, logic bombs, or other material to the Site which is malicious or technologically harmful.
Attempt to gain unauthorized access to, interfere with, damage, or disrupt any parts of the Site, the server on which the Site is stored, or any server, computer, or database connected to the Site.
Attack the Site via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of-service attack.
Otherwise attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Site.
USER CONTRIBUTIONS
The Site may contain interactive features ("Interactive Services") that allow users to post, submit, publish, display, or transmit to other users or other persons (hereinafter, "post") information, content, or materials (collectively, "User Contributions") on or through the Site.
You represent and warrant that all of your User Contributions do and will comply with these Terms of Use. You understand and acknowledge that you are responsible for any User Contributions you submit or contribute, and you have full responsibility for such content, including its legality, reliability, accuracy, and appropriateness.
We are not responsible, or liable to any third party, for the content or accuracy of any User Contributions posted by you or any other user of the Site.
MONITORING AND ENFORCEMENT; TERMINATION
We have the right to:
Remove or refuse to post any User Contributions for any or no reason in our sole discretion.
Take any action with respect to any User Contribution that we deem necessary or appropriate in our sole discretion, including if we believe that such User Contribution violates these Terms of Use, infringes any intellectual property right or other right of any person or entity, threatens the personal safety of users of the Site or the public, or creates potential liability for us.
Disclose your identity or other information about you to any third party who claims that material posted by you violates their rights, including their intellectual property rights or their right to privacy.
Take appropriate legal action, including without limitation, referral to law enforcement, for any illegal or unauthorized use of the Site.
Terminate or suspend your access to all or part of the Site for any or no reason, including without limitation, any violation of these Terms of Use.
Without limiting the foregoing, we have the right to fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing us to disclose the identity or other information of anyone posting any materials on or through the Site. YOU WAIVE AND HOLD US HARMLESS FROM ANY CLAIMS RESULTING FROM ANY ACTION TAKEN BY US DURING OR AS A RESULT OF OUR INVESTIGATIONS AND FROM ANY ACTIONS TAKEN AS A CONSEQUENCE OF INVESTIGATIONS BY EITHER US OR LAW ENFORCEMENT AUTHORITIES.
We assume no liability for any action or inaction regarding transmissions, communications, or content provided by you or anyone else. We have no liability or responsibility to anyone for performance or nonperformance of the activities described in this section.
CONTENT STANDARDS
The content standards set forth in this section (the “Content Standards”) apply to any and all User Contributions and use of Interactive Services. User Contributions must in their entirety comply with all applicable federal, state, local, and international laws and regulations. Without limiting the foregoing, User Contributions must not:
Contain any material which is defamatory, obscene, indecent, abusive, offensive, harassing, violent, hateful, inflammatory, or otherwise objectionable.
Promote sexually explicit or pornographic material, violence, or discrimination based on race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation, or age.
Infringe any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, or other intellectual property or other rights of any other person.
Violate the legal rights (including the rights of publicity and privacy) of others or contain any material that could give rise to any civil or criminal liability under applicable laws or regulations or that otherwise may be in conflict with these Terms of Use or the Privacy Policy.
Be likely to deceive any person.
Promote any illegal activity, or advocate, promote, or assist any unlawful act.
Impersonate any person or misrepresent your identity or affiliation with any person or organization.
Involve commercial activities or sales, such as contests, sweepstakes, and other sales promotions, bartering, or advertising.
Give the impression that they emanate from or are endorsed by us or any other person or entity, if this is not the case.
RELIANCE ON INFORMATION POSTED
The information presented on or through the Site is made available solely for general information purposes. We do not warrant the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of this information. Any reliance you place on such information is strictly at your own risk. We disclaim all liability and responsibility arising from any reliance placed on such materials by you or any other visitor to the Site, or by anyone who may be informed of any of its contents.
The Site may include content provided by third parties, including materials provided by other users and third-party licensors. All statements and/or opinions expressed in these materials, and all articles and responses to questions and other content, other than the content provided by us, are solely the opinions and the responsibility of the person or entity providing those materials. These materials do not necessarily reflect our opinion. We are not responsible, or liable to you or any third party, for the content or accuracy of any materials provided by any third parties.
CHANGES TO THE SITE
We may update the content on the Site from time to time, but its content is not necessarily complete or up-to-date. We are under no obligation to update such material.
INFORMATION ABOUT YOU AND YOUR VISITS TO THE SITE
All information we collect on the Site is subject to the Privacy Policy.  By using the Site, you consent to all actions taken by us with respect to your information in compliance with the Privacy Policy.
LINKING TO THE SITE AND SOCIAL MEDIA FEATURES
You may link to our homepage, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it, but you must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval, or endorsement on our part without our express written consent.
This Site may provide certain social media features that enable you to:
Link from your own or certain third-party websites to certain content on this Site.
Send e-mails or other communications with certain content, or links to certain content, on this Site.
Cause limited portions of content on this Site to be displayed or appear to be displayed on your own or certain third-party websites.
You may use these features solely as they are provided by us and solely with respect to the content with which they are displayed. Subject to the foregoing, you must not:
Establish a link from any website that is not owned by you.
Cause the Site or portions of it to be displayed, or appear to be displayed, by, for example, framing, deep linking, or in-line linking, on any other site.
Link to any part of the Site other than the homepage.
Otherwise take any action with respect to the materials on this Site that is inconsistent with any other provision of these Terms of Use.
You agree to cooperate with us in causing any unauthorized framing or linking immediately to cease. We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice.  We may disable all or any social media features and any links at any time, without notice, in our discretion.
LINKS FROM THE SITE
If the Site contains links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your convenience only. This includes links contained in advertisements, including banner advertisements and sponsored links. We have no control over the content of those sites or resources and accept no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them. If you decide to access any of the third-party websites linked to this Site, you do so entirely at your own risk and subject to the terms and conditions of use for such websites.
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES
YOUR USE OF THE SITE, THE CONTENT THEREON, AND ANY OTHER SERVICES OR ITEMS ACCESSED THROUGH THE SITE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. THE SITE, THE CONTENT THEREON, AND ANY OTHER SERVICES OR ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THE SITE ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS, WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. NEITHER WE NOR ANY PERSON ASSOCIATED WITH US MAKE(S) ANY WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION WITH RESPECT TO THE COMPLETENESS, SECURITY, RELIABILITY, QUALITY, ACCURACY, OR AVAILABILITY OF THE SITE. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, NEITHER WE NOR ANYONE ASSOCIATED WITH US REPRESENT(S) OR WARRANT(S) THAT THE SITE, THE CONTENT THEREON, OR ANY OTHER SERVICES OR ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THE SITE WILL BE ACCURATE, RELIABLE, ERROR-FREE, OR UNINTERRUPTED, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, THAT THE SITE OR THE SERVER THAT MAKES IT AVAILABLE IS FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS, OR THAT THE SITE OR ANY OTHER SERVICES OR ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THE SITE WILL OTHERWISE MEET YOUR NEEDS OR EXPECTATIONS.
WE HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
LIMITATION ON LIABILITY
IN NO EVENT WILL WE, OUR AFFILIATES, OR OUR LICENSORS, SERVICE PROVIDERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, OFFICERS, OR DIRECTORS BE LIABLE FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, UNDER ANY LEGAL THEORY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE, OR INABILITY TO USE, THE SITE, ANY WEBSITES LINKED TO IT, ANY CONTENT ON THE SITE OR SUCH OTHER WEBSITES, OR ANY SERVICES OR ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THE SITE OR SUCH OTHER WEBSITES, INCLUDING ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, PERSONAL INJURY, PAIN AND SUFFERING, EMOTIONAL DISTRESS, LOSS OF REVENUE, LOSS OF BUSINESS, LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF GOODWILL, OR LOSS OF DATA, WHETHER CAUSED BY TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), BREACH OF CONTRACT, OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF FORESEEABLE.  CERTAIN STATE LAWS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES.  IF THESE LAWS APPLY TO YOU, SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE DISCLAIMERS OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, AND YOU MAY HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS.
INDEMNIFICATION
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless us, our affiliates, licensors, and service providers, and our and their respective officers, directors, employees, contractors, agents, licensors, suppliers, successors, and assigns from and against any claims, liabilities, damages, judgments, awards, losses, costs, expenses, or fees (including reasonable attorneys' fees) arising out of or relating to your violation of these Terms of Use or your use of the Site, including, but not limited to, your User Contributions, any use of the Site's content, services, and products other than as expressly authorized in these Terms of Use, or your use of any information obtained from the Site.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, we reserve the right, at your expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter for which you are required to indemnify us, and you agree to cooperate, at your expense with our defense of such claims.  We will use reasonable efforts to notify you of any such claim, action, or proceeding which is subject to this indemnification upon becoming aware of it.
USER DATA
We will maintain certain data that you transmit to the Site for the purpose of managing the performance of the Site, as well as data relating to your use of the Site.  Although we perform regular, routine backups of data, you are solely responsible for all data that you transmit or that relates to any activity you have undertaken using the Site.  You agree that we shall have no liability to you for any loss or corruption of any such data, and you hereby waive any right of action against us arising from any such loss or corruption of such data.
GOVERNING LAW
These Terms of Use and your use of the Site are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware applicable to agreements made and to be entirely performed within the State of Delaware, without regard to its conflict of law principles.
DISPUTE RESOLUTION
To expedite resolution and control the cost of any dispute, controversy, or claim related to these Terms of Use (each a "Dispute" and collectively, the “Disputes”) brought by either you or us (individually, a “Party” and, collectively, the “Parties”), the Parties agree to first attempt to negotiate any Dispute (except those Disputes expressly provided below) informally for at least thirty (30) days before initiating arbitration. Such informal negotiations commence upon written notice from one Party to the other Party.
If the Parties are unable to resolve a Dispute through informal negotiations, the Dispute (except those Disputes expressly excluded below) will be finally and exclusively resolved by binding arbitration. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT WITHOUT THIS PROVISION, YOU WOULD HAVE THE RIGHT TO SUE IN COURT AND HAVE A JURY TRIAL. The arbitration shall be commenced and conducted under the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association ("AAA") and, where appropriate, the AAA’s Supplementary Procedures for Consumer Related Disputes ("AAA Consumer Rules"), both of which are available at the AAA website, www.adr.org. Your arbitration fees and your share of arbitrator compensation shall be governed by the AAA Consumer Rules and, where appropriate, limited by the AAA Consumer Rules. If such costs are determined by the arbitrator to be excessive, we will pay all arbitration fees and expenses. The arbitration may be conducted in person, through the submission of documents, by phone, or online. The arbitrator will make a decision in writing, but need not provide a statement of reasons, unless requested by either Party. The arbitrator must follow applicable law, and any award may be challenged if the arbitrator fails to do so. Except where otherwise required by the applicable AAA rules or applicable law, the arbitration will take place in Douglas County, Nebraska. Except as otherwise provided herein, the Parties may litigate in court to compel arbitration, stay proceedings pending arbitration, or to confirm, modify, vacate, or enter judgment on the award entered by the arbitrator.
If, for any reason, a Dispute proceeds in court rather than arbitration, the Dispute shall be commenced or prosecuted in the state and federal courts located in Douglas County, Nebraska, and the Parties hereby consent to, and waive all defenses of lack of personal jurisdiction, and forum non conveniens with respect to venue and jurisdiction in such state and federal courts. Application of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods and the the Uniform Computer Information Transaction Act (UCITA) are excluded from these Terms of Use.
In no event shall any Dispute brought by either Party related in any way to the Site be commenced more than one (1) year after the cause of action arose. If this provision is found to be illegal or unenforceable, then neither Party will elect to arbitrate any Dispute falling within that portion of this provision found to be illegal or unenforceable, and such Dispute shall be decided by a court of competent jurisdiction within the courts listed for jurisdiction above, and the Parties agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of that court.
The Parties agree that any arbitration shall be limited to the Dispute between the Parties individually. To the full extent permitted by law, (i) no arbitration shall be joined with any other proceeding; (ii) there is no right or authority for any Dispute to be arbitrated on a class-action basis or to utilize class action procedures; and (iii) there is no right or authority for any Dispute to be brought in a purported representative capacity on behalf of the general public or any other persons.
The Parties agree that the following Disputes are not subject to the above provisions concerning informal negotiations and binding arbitration: (i) any Disputes seeking to enforce or protect, or concerning the validity of, any of the intellectual property rights of a Party; (ii) any Dispute related to, or arising from, allegations of theft, piracy, invasion of privacy, or unauthorized use; and (iii) any claim for injunctive relief. If this provision is found to be illegal or unenforceable, then neither Party will elect to arbitrate any Dispute falling within that portion of this provision found to be illegal or unenforceable, and such Dispute shall be decided by a court of competent jurisdiction within the courts listed for jurisdiction above, and the Parties agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of that court.
ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS, TRANSACTIONS, AND SIGNATURES
Visiting the Site, sending us emails, and completing online forms constitute electronic communications. You consent to receive electronic communications, and you agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures, and other communications we provide to you electronically, via email and on the Site, satisfy any legal requirement that such communication be in writing. YOU HEREBY AGREE TO THE USE OF ELECTRONIC SIGNATURES, CONTRACTS, ORDERS, AND OTHER RECORDS, AND TO ELECTRONIC DELIVERY OF NOTICES, POLICIES, AND RECORDS OF TRANSACTIONS INITIATED OR COMPLETED BY US OR VIA THE SITE. You hereby waive any rights or requirements under any statutes, regulations, rules, ordinances, or other laws in any jurisdiction which require an original signature or delivery or retention of non-electronic records, or to payments or the granting of credits by any means other than electronic means.
CALIFORNIA USERS AND RESIDENTS
If you are a California resident, and any complaint with us is not satisfactorily resolved, you can contact the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs in writing at 1625 North Market Blvd., Suite N 112, Sacramento, California 95834 or by telephone at (800) 952-5210 or (916) 445-1254.
WAIVER AND SEVERABILITY
No waiver by us of any term or condition set forth in these Terms of Use shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or condition or a waiver of any other term or condition, and any failure by us to assert a right or provision under these Terms of Use shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
If any provision of these Terms of Use is held by a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall be eliminated or limited to the minimum extent, such that the remaining provisions of the Terms of Use will continue in full force and effect.
ENTIRE AGREEMENT
The Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy and the Return Policy (if applicable) constitute the sole and entire agreement between you and us with respect to the Site and supersede all prior and contemporaneous understandings, agreements, representations, and warranties, both written and oral, with respect to the Site.
CONTACT US
In order to resolve a complaint regarding the Site or to receive further information regarding use of the Site, please contact us at:
SouthernCarlson. Inc.
English - 800-745-6735  M-F (8am – 8pm EST)
Spanish – 844-525-2867  M-F (8am – 8pm EST)
customercare@southerncarlson.com
10840 Harney Street
Omaha, NE 68154