https://www.calmont.com/about/privacy-policy/
Skip to contentWe respect your privacy…As our disclosure of this site’s information gathering and dissemination practices demonstrates, calmont.com is firmly committed to protecting user privacy. Any changes or updates to these practices will be reflected on this site.Log FilesWe use IP addresses, browser type, and time of day, to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.RegistrationOur site’s registration form requires users to give us contact information (like name and email address). The contact information is used to follow up with the visitor if a problem occurs when processing an order. (Problems with credit card verification, product availability, etc.) During the registration process users can choose to receive future mailingsRFQOur site uses an RFQ form for customers to request information, products, and services. We collect visitor’s contact information such as email address and financial information like account or credit card numbers. The contact information is used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary. Financial information is used to bill the user for products and services. The customer ID numbers are assigned to Web site visitors to verify the user’s identity and for use as account numbers in our record system.SharingYour personal data will be used solely by calmont.com and will not be disclosed or sold to third parties. However, we reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our Web site.Links/3rd PartiesThis site contains links to other sites. Calmont.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this web site.