https://www.rpc-bpi.com/about-us/cookie-policy/
Skip to content
Cookie Policy
What are cookies?
As is common practice with almost all websites this site uses cookies, which are tiny files that are downloaded to your computer, to improve your experience. This page describes what information they gather, how we use them and why we sometimes need to store these cookies. We will also share how you can prevent these cookies from being stored however this may downgrade or ‘break’ certain elements of the site’s functionality.
How we use cookies
We use cookies for a variety of reasons as detailed below. Unfortunately in most cases there are no industry standard options for disabling cookies without completely disabling the functionality and features they add to this site. It is recommended that you leave on all cookies if you are not sure whether you need them or not in case they are used to provide a service that you use.
Disabling cookies
You can prevent the setting of cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser (see your browser Help for how to do this). Be aware that disabling cookies will affect the functionality of this and many other websites that you visit. Disabling cookies will usually result in also disabling certain functionality and features of this site. It is recommended that you do not disable cookies.
The cookies we set
This site offers newsletter and email subscription services. Cookies may be used to remember if you are already registered and whether to show certain notifications which might only be valid to subscribed / unsubscribed users.
When you submit data through a form such as those found on contact or recruitment forms, cookies may be set to remember your user details for future correspondence.
Third party cookies
In some special cases we also use cookies provided by trusted third parties. The following section details which third party cookies you might encounter through this site.
This site uses Google Analytics which is one of the most widespread and trusted analytics solutions on the web for helping us to understand how you use the site and ways that we can improve your experience. These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site and the pages that you visit so we can continue to produce engaging content.
For more information on Google Analytics cookies, see the official Google Analytics page.
From time to time we test new features and make subtle changes to the way that the site is delivered. When we are still testing new features these cookies may be used to ensure that you receive a consistent experience whilst on the site whilst ensuring we understand which optimisations our users appreciate the most.
We also use social media buttons and/or plugins on this site that allow you to connect with your social network in various ways. For these to work the following social media sites including; LinkedIn, Twitter and YouTube, will set cookies through our site which may be used to enhance your profile on their site or contribute to the data they hold for various purposes outlined in their respective privacy policies.
More information
Hopefully that has clarified things for you and as was previously mentioned if there is something that you aren’t sure whether you need or not it’s usually safer to leave cookies enabled in case it does interact with one of the features you use on our site.
However if you are still looking for more information then you can contact us through one of our preferred contact methods:
Email: info@rpc-bpi.com
Phone: +441294 842000
Latest News
01 May 2020FAST RESPONSE FOR VITAL PPE SUPPLIESRead more
24 October 2019DUAL AWARD SUCCESS FOR BERRYRead more
15 October 2019Berry bpi Supports “Upstream Battle Week” Community Clean-UpRead more
10 October 2019Berry | bpi group takes part at the Pride of the Cotswolds AwardsRead more
03 October 2019All heart! bpi mountain bike team take on London to Brighton challengeRead more
01 October 2019Macmillan Coffee Morning, Berry |
bpi group style!Read more
24 September 2019WAVEGRIP ESTABLISH CARRIER RETURN SCHEMERead more
16 September 2019A new Business Development Manager Joins usRead more
Posts navigation
Older Articles
We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.
Accept
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
3rd Party Cookies
Privacy Policy
Powered by  GDPR Cookie Compliance
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
Enable or Disable Cookies
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
3rd Party Cookies
This website uses Google Analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages.
Keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website.
Enable or Disable Cookies
Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences!
Privacy Policy
More information about our Privacy Policy
Enable All
Save Settings