http://www.ttsltd.com/privacypolicy/
TTS Privacy Notice & Cookies Policy
Privacy Notice
At TTS, we are committed to maintaining the trust and confidence of our visitors to our website.
Here you’ll find information on how we treat data collected from our website visitors, or when someone completes our Contact form.
Visitors to our Website
When someone visits www.ttsltd.com we use a third party service, Google Analytics, to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns.
We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site.
This information is only processed in a way which does not identify anyone.
We do not make, and do not allow Google to make, any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our website.
You can find more information on how cookies are used on this website in the Cookies Policy below.
Contact form
As part of you completing our online contact form, we collect personal information.
We use that information for a couple of reasons: to contact you and provide the information you have requested; to tell you about future products / events we are holding that may be of interest to you.
We don't rent or trade email lists with other organisations and businesses.
We use a third-party provider, MailChimp, to deliver our marketing emails.
We gather statistics around email opening and clicks using industry standard technologies to help us monitor and improve our e-marketing.
For more information, please see MailChimp’s privacy notice.
You can unsubscribe to general mailings at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any of our emails or by sending an email to us at info@ttsltd.com.
We take security seriously and take precautions to keep your personal information secure. We have in place appropriate physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard the information we collect.
However, we have no control over the privacy of any communications while in transit to us.
We therefore recommend that you do not include confidential, proprietary or sensitive information in any such communications.
Links to Other Web Sites
This privacy notice does not cover the links within this site linking to other websites.
Those sites are not governed by this Privacy Policy, and if you have questions about how a site uses your information, you’ll need to check that site’s privacy statement.
Access to Your Personal Information
You are entitled to access, update, remove, request specific opt-out requests (where you previously opted-in) in respect of the personal information that we hold.
Email your request to info@ttsltd.com.
If you have any privacy-related questions, concerns or complaints please contact us on info@ttsltd.com.
Changes to this Privacy Notice
We keep our privacy notice under regular review. This privacy notice was last updated on 26 March 2018.
Cookies Policy
We use a system of classifying the different types of cookies which we use on the Website, or which may be used by third parties through our websites.
The classification was developed by the International Chamber of Commerce UK and explains more about which cookies we use, why we use them, and the functionality you will lose if you decide you don't want to have them on your device.
What is a cookie?
Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information which are downloaded to your personal computer, mobile or other device when you visit a website.
Cookies are then sent back to the originating website on each subsequent visit, or to another website that recognises that cookie.
Cookies are useful because they allow a website to recognise a user's device.
How long are cookies stored for?
Persistent cookies - these cookies remain on a user's device for the period of time specified in the cookie.
They are activated each time that the user visits the website that created that particular cookie.
Session cookies - these cookies allow website operators to link the actions of a user during a browser session.
A browser session starts when a user opens the browser window and finishes when they close the browser window.
Session cookies are created temporarily.
Once you close the browser, all session cookies are deleted.
Cookies do lots of different jobs, like letting you navigate between pages efficiently, remembering your preferences, and generally improve the user experience.
You can find more information about cookies at www.allaboutcookies.org and www.youronlinechoices.eu.
Cookies used on the Website
A list of all the cookies used on the Website by category is set out below.
Strictly necessary cookies
These cookies enable services you have specifically asked for.
These cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around the Website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the Website.
They are deleted as soon as you leave the site.
Performance cookies
These cookies collect anonymous information on the pages visited.
By using the Website, you agree that we can place these types of cookies on your device.
These cookies collect information about how visitors use the Website, for instance which pages visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages.
These cookies don't collect information that identifies a visitor.
All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous.
It is only used to improve how the Website works.
Functionality cookies
These cookies remember choices you make to improve your experience.
By using the Website, you agree that we can place these types of cookies on your device.
These cookies allow the Website to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personal features.
These cookies can also be used to remember changes you have made to text size, fonts and other parts of web pages that you can customise.
They may also be used to provide services you have asked for such as watching a video or commenting on a blog.
The information these cookies collect may be anonymised and they cannot track your browsing activity on other websites.
x
In order to provide you with the best online experience this website uses cookies.
By using our website, you agree to our use of cookies.
More info.