http://www.xpandcorp.com/privacypolicy.php
Home
About
Overview
Partners
Awards
Solutions
Portfolio
News
Careers
Current Openings
Benefits
Contact
Privacy Policy
At XPAND, we take your privacy seriously. Our basic privacy policy is simple and straightforward:
we will not share any of your personally identifiable information with any third party except when
compelled to do so by law (for example, in response to a subpoena). Personally identifiable information
means information relating to an identified or identifiable individual. We will use any personally
identifiable information submitted to us only for the stated purpose. It is always your voluntary
choice whether or not to share personally identifiable information with us.
Our website provides visitors with the opportunity to provide personally identifiable information,
such as name, postal address and e-mail address, so that you may, for example:
Register to access certain areas of our website,
Allow us to respond to inquiries for additional information, or
Submit your resume or work experience.
We may use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption technology to encrypt your name, address,
and any other personally identifiable information you may submit to us over the Internet in
certain areas of our site. Please look for the icon in your browser, usually a key or padlock,
or a URL with the "https" beginning to signify when and where we are using SSL. To support this
technology, you need an SSL-capable browser.
Should you choose to submit personally identifiable information to us, you consent to our use
of that information in accordance with the terms of this privacy statement.
If you send us an e-mail either submitted directly or through a form, we may retain the content
of the e-mail, your e-mail address, our response and the text of any follow-up questions you may have.
We will never sell your personally identifiable information to any third party, and we do not compile
personally identifiable information for dissemination to outside parties for marketing purposes.
XPAND reserves the right to change this privacy statement as business needs require.
Copyright © 2020, XPAND Corporation, All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer
Site Map