http://www.arlafoods.com/legal-information/standard-terms-of-website-use/
Standard Terms of Website Use
Arla
›
…
Legal information
›
Terms of use
This website is brought to you by Arla Foods amba. If you have any comments or queries, please contact us at arla@arlafoods.com or by writing to us at Sønderhøj 14, DK-8260 Viby J.
You are invited to use the www.arla.com website (“the Website”) on the basis of the terms and conditions of use set out below.
By entering and using the Website you are deemed to have read and accepted these Terms of Use. If you do not accept these Terms of Use or any part of them, you should not enter or use the Website.
Arla may modify these Terms of Use from time to time. Your continued use of this website (or any of Arla’s other websites) following such change demonstrates your agreement to be bound by the modified Terms of Use.
We will highlight any changes we make to the Terms of Use but we advise you to check the Terms of Use often. If you do not agree to any change to the Terms of Use, then you must immediately stop using the Arla websites.
1. Accuracy of Content
Arla makes every effort to ensure that the content of the Website is accurate and up-to-date, but Arla does not offer any warranties (whether express implied or otherwise) as to the reliability, accuracy or completeness of the information appearing on the Website.
Arla may remove material from the Website at its own discretion and without giving any notice.
Any information offered in relation to the nutritional content or health benefits of any of the Arla products or in relation to other medical issues is general in nature. It is not a substitute for medical advice and it should not be relied upon. You should raise specific questions with your doctor. If you choose to rely on such information you do so entirely at your own risk and (subject to applicable laws) Arla cannot be held responsible for the outcome.
2. Intellectual Property
You acknowledge and agree that all copyright, trademarks and other intellectual property rights in the Website content, software and all HTML and other code contained in this Website, shall remain at all times vested in Arla and/or its licensors and is protected by copyright and other laws and international treaty provisions.
Users may not modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, redistribute, reproduce, publish, license, commercially exploit, create derivative works from, transfer, or sell any material which may be displayed on the Website from time to time without first obtaining permission to do so from Arla in writing.
The Website and its contents are copyright material and the copyright is owned by Arla Foods unless stated otherwise. Without limiting the foregoing, copying the above listed materials to any other server or location for publication, reproduction or distribution is expressly prohibited.
All trade marks appearing on the Website are either owned by Arla Foods or Arla Foods has obtained permission from the trade mark owner to use the trade mark on the Website.
If you wish to obtain permission to make use of any of the trade marks or other material which may be displayed on the Website from time to time please contact us at arla@arlafoods.com
3. Image Banks
Certain images and material are made available for limited use through the Image Bank.
If you wish to use any of the images or material appearing in the Image Bank you must register with Arla first. A registration form and the licence terms will appear at the Image Bank.
4. Prohibition on Commercial Use of Website Content
You are permitted to use the material which is displayed on the Website from time to time only as expressly authorised by Arla or its licensors.
This Website is intended to provide information relating to Arla products and the Website is designed for personal, non-commercial use only.
Users may not use this Website, or any of the material appearing on the Website from time to time to further any commercial purpose, including (but not limited to) advertising or to promote or generate activity on any other website.
5. Linking
Arla may from time to time include links on this Website to other websites or resources operated by parties other than Arla. These links are provided for the convenience of users and Arla is not responsible for the availability of such external websites or resources and does not endorse or accept responsibility for the content of such external websites or resources and has no responsibility for or control over the privacy policy (if any) of the operators of the external websites.
You are strongly advised to check the terms and conditions of use and the privacy policies of these external websites before entering or making use of them.
If you wish to create a hyperlink to this Website or to any other website operated or maintained by Arla Foods please contact arla@arlafoods.com Arla generally welcomes links to its websites. However by so linking, you agree that Arla may require the link to be removed if, in Arla’s sole opinion, any aspect of the linking website, its content or any other matter relating to the link is objectionable to Arla.
6. Limitation of Liability
The internet is by its nature an unreliable medium. Consequently, you accept that this Website is offered on an “as is” and “as available” basis.
Arla takes all reasonable steps to ensure that the Website is properly functioning at all times but Arla does not warrant that this Website will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that this Website or the server that makes it available are free of software viruses or bugs or other defects.
While Arla does not exclude liability for death or personal injury, by accepting these Terms of Use, you accept that Arla cannot be liable to you for any loss or damage you suffer as a result of visiting this Website or making use of the information available on the Website. You must take your own precautions (including but not limited to installing adequate protective measures to guard against software viruses and ensuring that you retain up-to-date copies of all data) to protect yourself against loss or damage.
Share
Legal information
Privacy information notice
Terms of use
Cookie Policy
Payment Policy
No milk without cookies!
Cookies are necessary for us to give you the best experience. By continuing to browse our website, you accept our use of cookies. Read our cookie policy for further details.
How much we track is up to you.
Show settings
Hide settings
Below, you can change your preferences for how much we can track
Mandatory - Cookies that make sure that the site works properly
Statistics - We will track how you use the site – this helps us do analysis and improve the site
Social Sharing - Allows you to share the contents of this site on social networks
Marketing - We want to be able to present relevant content not only on our site but also when it is relevant on other sites
Accept and continue
x