http://www.classicpolos.com/pages/privacy-policy
Menu
Menu
Back
Home
Menu
Menu
Back
Home
Shirt
Skip to content
Search
NEW ARRIVALS
FACE MASK
CLASSIC POLO
Top Wear
T-Shirt
Shirt
Bottom Wear
Trousers
Jeans
CP BRO
Top Wear
T-Shirt
Shirt
Bottom Wear
Jeans
Trousers
SWISS CLUB
Top Wears
T-shirt
Shirt
Work from Home Apparels
INNER WEAR
BLOG
Account
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
This privacy policy sets out how Classic Polo uses and protects any information that you give Classic Polo when you use this website.
Classic Polo is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Classic Polo may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
Name and job title
Contact information including email address
Demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
Other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customize the website according to your interests.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent authorized access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
Whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at connect@rcg.in
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send
Your promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to " CLASSIC FASHIONS DIVISION (A Unit of Royal Classic Mills Pvt Ltd), Sri Brindavan, S.F.No.302/1, Andipalayam Post, Tirupur - 641687. Tamil Nadu, India. "
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Choosing a selection results in a full page refresh.
Press the space key then arrow keys to make a selection.
Use left/right arrows to navigate the slideshow or swipe left/right if using a mobile device