http://www.kitsapbank.com/help-center/
Personal
Checking & Savings
Checking Accounts
Savings Accounts
Health Savings Account
Borrow
Home Equity Loans
Home Loans
Vehicle Loans
Consumer Loan Rates
Consumer Loan Application
Loan Calculator
Online and Mobile Banking
Online Banking
Mobile Banking
VISA Debit / Credit Cards
Report a Lost or Stolen VISA Card
Reorder Checks
Personal Deposit Rates
Interactive Teller Service
Business
Savings & Deposits
Checking
Savings
Health Savings Accounts
Business Deposit Rates
Business Loans
Commercial Loans & Lines of Credit
Commercial Real Estate Loans
SBA Loans
Municipal and Specialty Financing
COVID-19 Loan Options
Business Services
Cash Management
Merchant Services
Remote Deposit Capture
Online Banking
Interactive Teller Service
edg3 FUND
edg3 FUND Winners
edg3 FUND Help
edg3 FUND Nominated Businesses
edg3 FUND Finalists
edg3 FUND Judges
edg3 FUND Coaches
Lending
Business Loans
Loans and Lines of Credit
Real Estate Loans
Small Business Loans
Municipal Loans
Home Loans
Home Equity Loans
Personal Loans
Vehicle Loans
Consumer Loan Rates
Apply for a Loan
Loan Calculator
Help Center
Bill Pay Help
GiftPay
Checking & Savings Help
Overdraft Services
Online Banking Help
Secure Access Codes
Device Registration
eStatements Help
Mobile Banking Help
Mobile Deposit Help
Text Banking Help
Bank Routing Number
Privacy and Security
Protecting Personal Information
Identity Theft
Phishing Scams
Website Accessibility
Avoiding Foreclosure
Video Tutorials
About Us
Locations
Community Giving
Community Connections
Events
Scholarships
History
Sustainability Commitment
News
Careers
Benefits & Perks
Culture & Core Values
Job Listings
Leadership
Holiday Closures
Inclement Weather Closures
Employee Spotlight
COVID 19 Update
Contact Us
Sign In
Contact Us
Search
Locations
Schedule Appointment
Help Center
Help Center
Submit
Frequently Asked Questions
Where can I find online banking login instructions?
1. Enter your User Name and check the First Time User checkbox. Note: At this time you do not have a password, please leave that field blank. Click on the Sign in to Online Banking button.
2. Next, you will select the delivery method in which you would like your Secure Access Code delivered to you. We recommend phone or text delivery, as they are the most prompt of the delivery methods. Click on the Submit button after making a selection.
3. You will then be taken to the Enter Access Code screen. As soon as you receive the Secure Access Code(either by phone, text or email address), enter it into the Secure Access Code field. Please note that your Secure Access Codecan only be used once, expires after 60 minutes and will be invalidated when subsequent codes are requested.
4. Next, you will be asked to accept the Online Banking disclaimer. Please read and click the I Accept button.
5. On the next screen you will be presented with your Online Profile to review and update if needed. Please ensure that all information is accurate before clicking the Submit button.
6. Next, you will create a new password. Password requirements are conveniently located on the right side of the screen. After entering a password between 8-16 characters that contains at least one uppercase letter, one lowercase letter, and one number, you will enter the password again in the Confirm Password field, and select the Submit button.
7. You have successfully logged into your Kitsap Bank Online Banking and are able to view your accounts and complete your Online Banking transactions. Please note: On your next login to Online Banking, you will be required to register the browser on your computer for future use.
How do I reconcile my account?
Reconciling your accounts isn’t difficult, but it does require that you take a hands-on approach to managing your finances. Use these easy steps to learn how to balance your checking account.
Step 1. Update your checkbook register (Be sure to deduct service charges.)
Step 2. List outstanding checks, POS and ATM transactions, and other withdrawals.
Step 3. Reconcile your account.
Enter the balance from your statement.
Add the deposits made, but not shown on your statement.
Subtract your outstanding balance.
The total should agree with your checkbook balance.
If balances do not agree:
Check addition and subtraction in your register.
Compare your checks, Point of Sale/Debit Card (POS) and ATM transactions, and any other withdrawals in your register with your statement.
Compare deposit receipts and entries in your register with statement.
Be sure all checks, POS and ATM transactions, service charges, and other payments and deposits are entered into your register.
Be sure any interest credits are entered in the deposit section of your register.
How do I reorder checks?
You can reorder your checks right here online. Click here to connect to our check ordering service.
How do I report a lost or stolen card?
It’s disconcerting to be without your debit card, and we want to send you a replacement card as soon as possible. Whether your debit card was lost or stolen, please contact us, and we will send you a replacement right away.
During business hours: 800-283-5537 (Option 5)
After business hours: 800-279-5412
For a lost or stolen VISA credit card: 800-237-6211
What is my routing number?
The routing number of your Kitsap Bank checking account is: 125102906
Topics
Online Banking
What is a secure access code?
Have not received a secure access code
What do I do if my secure access code expires?
Why do I need to register my device?
Why do I have to register my device again?
How do I remove the registration from a device?
Online Banking Login Instructions
What browsers can I use?
What are the system requirements?
What is a tracking ID?
Checking & Savings
Report a Lost or Stolen Card
How do I reorder checks?
What is my routing number?
Reconcile Your Checking
Overdraft Services
Mobile Banking
Is mobile banking free?
Is mobile banking secure?
How does Touch ID or Fingerprint Login work?
How does the 4-digit passcode work?
What are the requirements for mobile devices?
Bill Pay
How do I enroll in Bill Pay?
What is the fee for Bill Pay?
Screen will not display when I click Bill Pay?
What is a challenge phrase question?
How are payments processed?
What is an eBill?
Who do I call for Bill Pay support?
What is GiftPay?
eStatements
How do I sign up for eStatements?
Will I continue to receive paper statements?
Are eStatements available on all accounts?
How will I know when to view my eStatement?
How secure are eStatements?
Will my eStatement look the same as my printed one
When will I receive my first eStatement?
Need to see statements older than 18 months?
What is my routing number?
Text Banking
What is text banking?
Is there a charge to use text banking?
How do I use text banking?
Mobile Deposit
What is mobile deposit?
What are the mobile deposit limits?
Is there a fee for mobile deposit?
How do I enroll in mobile deposit?
How do I make a mobile deposit?
What do I do with checks after a mobile deposit?
Video Library
Mobile Banking
Personal Online Banking
Business Online Banking
Online and Mobile Security for Consumers
Online and Mobile Security for Businesses
Other
Privacy & Online Security
Protecting Personal Information
Phishing Scams
Identify Theft
Website Accessibility
Avoiding Foreclosure
Credit Card Contact Information
Search
Submit
Online Banking Sign In
Forgot Password
First Time User
Submit
Not enrolled? Sign Up Now
Login Help
Leaving KitsapBank.com
You are about to leave Kitsap Bank's website. Third party websites are not covered by Kitsap Bank's Privacy Policy or security measures, nor does Kitsap Bank endorse, offer, guarantee or recommend any product or service offered on a third party website.
Continue