https://www.windshieldrepairkits.com/privacy-policy
Toll Free 1.888.860.1518 International 520.423.9083
Login
(0)
Toggle navigation
We serve international customers! dqman40rock@gmail.com 520.423.9083
HomeAbout UsProducts
Products Kits & Systems Windshield Repair Bridge Repair Resins UV Lights for Windshield Repair Windshield Repair AccessoriesFAQsBlogContact Us
Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicyThis policy covers how we use your personal information. We take your privacy seriously and will take all measures to protect your personal information.Legal Notices:We respect your privacy therefore will not give or sell confidential or personal information about you to any third party not affiliated with your transaction. The only e-mails you will receive from us will be regarding your order with us. You may elect to join our mailing list to receive product updates. American Rock Chip Kits, American Windshield Repair Systems, Apex Auto Glass. reserves the right to modify or amend this policy at any time by posting the revised privacy policy on our site.Customer ReviewsWe respect and protect our customer’s privacy and personal information and will not use your name and location without prior permission. We do not pay for any customer reviews.Consent to PolicyBy using our Site, you agree to this Policy. Contents on this site are non reproducible without written permission and the use of a return link to this site.Copyright: 2016 American Rock Chip Kits and Apex Auto Glass – All Rights Reserved.Trademarks: All trademarks, service marks and trade names of American Rock Chip Kits and Apex Auto Glass used in the site, including but not limited to American Rock Chip Kits and Apex Auto Glass are registered trademarks or trademarks of American Rock Chip Kits and Apex Auto Glass and may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not offered by Rock Chip Kits and Apex Auto Glass in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or in any manner that disparages or discredits American Rock Chip Kits and Apex Auto Glass.Users are prohibited from modifying, copying, distributing, transmitting, displaying, publishing, selling, creating derivative works or using any content available on or through American Rock Chip Kits and Apex Auto Glass for commercial or public purposes without permission and/or a return link to this sire. All communication sent to American Rock Chip Kits and Apex Auto Glass regarding its legal entity will become the property of American Rock Chip Kits and Apex Auto Glass.Online PrivacyWe understand the concerns Internet users have about the privacy and security of information. This policy tells you about our priorities for protecting privacy and security of information collected on this website.Information GatheredWe gather information about website visitors to improve the caliber of online information and services offered. There are two forms of data that we collect on the website: Site Visitorship Data and Personal Information Data. How we collect this information and what we do with it is discussed below.Site Visitorship DataWe routinely gather data on website activity. This information, “Site Visitorship Data,” is collected on an aggregate basis on public areas of our website, or on an individual basis on the password protected areas of our website that require website visitors to log on using an access code (e.g., userID and/or password). Site Visitorship Data may include information such as (i) how many people visit our website; (ii) the pages they visit and the features they use; (iii) how long they stay on our website; and (iv) the domain name of the Internet website from which visitors are connecting. Site Visitorship Data is generally gathered through the use of cookies and pixel tags.A “cookie” is a small piece of information that an Internet site sends to a visitor’s computer. In some cases, it is stored on the visitor’s hard drive. Cookies can save the visitor’s name, access codes, screen preferences, the pages of the site viewed by the visitor, and the advertisements viewed or clicked by the visitor. Visitors may decline receipt of the Internet cookie by using the appropriate feature of their Web software, if available. Declining the Internet cookie may, however, interfere with a visitor’s ability to view certain content in our website.Personal Information DataWe collect Personal Information Data such as name, address, phone number, email address, etc. that website visitors provide when they complete any online form, application, survey, or when they initiate a contact request. If you would like to modify any information that you gave us on a form you can do so by completing a new form and submitting it.We are committed to protecting your personal information. We do not disclose this information to any other third party.Collection of Personal Information From ChildrenThis website is not directed toward children. We do not knowingly collect or post information from children under the age of eighteen (18). We encourage parents and guardians to spend time online with their children and to participate with them in the various interactive activities available on the Internet.EmailTo protect against and to correct misunderstandings, we may monitor electronic communications conducted with us. Further, we may, from time to time, send you marketing messages by email about our products and services. If you do not wish to receive emailed marketing messages from us, use Block Email to add your email address to our database. Note that since this process is automated, we will not respond. If you wish to communicate with us directly, please email us at info@rockchipkits.comHyperlinksThis website may contain hyperlinks or “links,” to and from other Internet sites. These sites may have different privacy practices from the one described here. Since this Internet Privacy Policy applies solely to this website, please remember to read the privacy statements of the other Internet sites you visit.Security StandardsWe work hard to ensure that our systems are secure and that they meet industry standards. Where appropriate, we employ firewalls, encryption technology, user access codes (e.g., userIDs and passwords) and other access control mechanisms to control access to systems and data. We continue to assess new technology to evaluate its ability to provide additional protection of personal information we collect on this site.Internet Privacy PolicyThis policy is effective as of September 27, 2004. We reserve the right to change this Internet Privacy Policy at any time. Changes will be effective immediately upon posting to our website. We recommend that visitors to our website re-visit this Internet Privacy Policy on occasion to learn of changes to our privacy practices and policies.ContactIt is important to us to hear what visitors have to say about our website, our services, or any other issues. If you have any questions and/or concerns, or want to let us know what you think, please email us at info@rockchipkits.com
Technician ManualContact UsWhole SaleCorporate LoginProductsSiteMap
Reach out on social media!
Reach out, we value your opinions!
Customer Service: Toll Free: 1.888.860.1518
520.423.9083
info@rockchipkits.com
Address: American Windshield Repair Systems20987 N John Wayne PKWYB104-160Maricopa, AZ 85139
© 2020 American Windshield Repair Systems. All Rights Reserved. | Privacy Policy
eCommerce Website Design By Digital Marketing Agency