http://www.realmikemckinley.com/privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy, we provide this notice explaining our online information practices on how your information is collected and used by Mike McKinley and Alive!Alive! Associates.
The “Policy”
Before you submit any information on this site, please read this Policy for an explanation of how we will treat your personal information. By using realmikemckinley.com you consent to the collection and use of your personal information as outlined in this Policy. If you do not agree to this Policy, please do not use realmikemckinley.com.
Your use of any part of realmikemckinley.com indicates your acceptance of this Policy and of the collection and use of your personal information in accordance with this Policy.
Mike McKinley and Alive!Alive! Associates does not knowingly solicit any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. In addition, Mike McKinley and Alive!Alive! Associates does not knowingly obtain, retain or use information from anyone who indicates that they are under the age of 13. Accordingly, children under the age of 13 may be restricted from participating in certain features and transactions on realmikemckinley.com.
Table of Contents
The Information We Collect
How We Use The Information
With Whom The Information May Be Shared
Collection Of Information By Third-Party Sites And Sponsors
Cookies
Our Commitment To Security
How To Contact Us
Updates
1. The Information We Collect
On this site you can submit photos, order products, vote in polls or otherwise express an opinion. The types of personally identifiable information that may be collected at these pages include: name, address, e-mail address,
telephone number, fax number, credit card information. We also may collect certain non-personally identifiable information when you visit many of our web pages such as the type of browser you are using (e.g., Netscape, Internet Explorer), the type of operating system you are using, (e.g., Windows 98, Windows 2000 or Mac OS) and the domain name of your Internet service provider (e.g., America Online, Earthlink).
2. How We Use the Information
We may use the information you provide about yourself to fulfill your requests for our products, programs, and services; to respond to your inquiries about our offerings. The information we collect in connection with our user accounts is used to provide an interactive experience. We sometimes use the non-personally identifiable information that we collect to improve the design and content of our site and to enable us to personalize your Internet experience. We also may use this information in the aggregate to analyze site usage. We will disclose information we maintain when required to do so by law, for example, in response to a court order or a subpoena. We also may disclose such information in response to a law enforcement agency’s request. Although we take appropriate measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of information, we cannot assure you that personally identifiable information that we collect will never be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Notice. Inadvertent disclosures may result, for example, when third parties misrepresent their identities in asking the site for access to personally identifiable information about themselves for purposes of correcting possible factual errors in the data.
3. With Whom the Information May Be Shared.
It is our intention that your information will not be shared unless it is provided to an entity that acquires all any or all assets of Mike McKinley’s Alive! Alive! Associates via merger or acquisition. Further, information may be disclosed to law enforcement or other government officials if required by subpoena, court order or other legal process. While Mike McKinley and Alive!Alive! Associates is careful in choosing its sponsors and advertisers, we are only responsible for content on our own sites and for use of your personally identifiable information by us. All third parties associated with Mike McKinley and Alive!Alive! Associates (including, but not limited to, advertisers, sponsors and other Internet sites) with whom we share information have independent privacy and data collection practices. We encourage you to read the privacy policy of every website that you visit. Mike McKinley and Alive!Alive! Associates is unable to control this collection of information and will not be responsible or liable for the policies or actions of third parties.
4.Collection of Information by Third Party Sites and Sponsors
Our site may contain links to other sites whose information practices may be different than ours. Visitors should consult the other sites’ privacy notices, as we have no control over information that is submitted to, or collected by, these third parties. We may offer contests, sweepstakes, or promotions that are sponsored or co-sponsored with identified third parties. By virtue of their sponsorship, these third parties may obtain personally identifiable information that visitors/entrants voluntarily submit to participate in the contest, sweepstakes, or promotion. We have no control over the third party sponsors’ use of this information.
5. Cookies
To enhance your experience with realmikemckinley.com, many of our web pages use “cookies.” Cookies are text files we place in your computer’s browser to store your preferences. These Cookies do not tell us your e-mail address or other personally identifiable information unless you choose to provide this information to us by registering with us. We use cookies to understand site usage and to improve the content and offerings on our sites. For example, we may use cookies to personalize your experience on our web pages (e.g. to recognize you by name when you return to our site), save your password
in password-protected areas, and enable you to use shopping carts on our site.
6. Our Commitment to Security
We have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security, and correctly use the information we collect online.
7. How to Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about the Mike McKinley and Alive!Alive! Associates online policy for this site or its implementation you may contact us at mike@realmikemckinley.com.
8. Updates
From time to time, we may update this privacy notice. We will note the date the Policy was changed at either the bottom of the Policy, to keep you informed of when updates occur. We encourage you to periodically check back and review this policy so that you always will know what information we collect, how we use it, and to whom we disclose it.
LAST UPDATED: October 12, 2006
©2011 Mike McKinley and Alive!Alive! Associates. All Rights Reserved. Use of this site signifies your acceptance of this Privacy Policy for Mike McKinley and Alive!Alive! Associates.
Questions? Ready to Book?
Contact Mike Here
Tips, Truths and Random Bits of Wisdom Delivered Monthly
Subscribe to Mike's eMinders! Why not? You can unsubscribe with a single click!
Thanks for subscribing!
First Name
Email Address
Subscribe