http://www.gencoopfcu.com/privacy-policy
Home/Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Genesee Co-op Federal Credit Union Privacy Notice
Genesee Co-Op Federal Credit Union is owned by its members and run by a board of directors you elect. You can be confident that your financial privacy is a top priority of this credit union. We are required by law to give you this privacy notice to explain how we collect, use, and safeguard your personal financial information. If you have any questions, please contact a member service representative at 585-461-2230 or pooc.eeseng@rsm.
We are committed to providing you with competitive products and services to meet your financial needs. This necessitates that we share information about you to complete your transactions and to provide you with certain financial opportunities. In order to do so, we have entered into agreements with other companies that either services to us, or additional financial products for you to consider.
Under these arrangements we may disclose all of the information we collect, as described below, to companies that perform marketing or other services on our behalf or to other financial institutions with whom we have joint marketing agreements. To protect our members' privacy, we only work with companies that agree to maintain strong confidentiality protections and limit the use of the information we provide. We do not permit these companies to sell to other third parties the information we provide to them.Information We Collect And Disclose About You
We collect and may disclose nonpublic personal information about you from the following sources:
Information we receive from you on membership and loan applications and other forms;
Information about your transactions with us or others;
Information we receive from a consumer reporting agency;
Information obtained when verifying the information you provide on an application or other forms, such as from your current or past employers or from other institutions where you conduct financial transactions.
We may also disclose information about you under other circumstances as permitted or required by law. These disclosures typically include information to process transactions on your behalf, conduct the operations of our credit union, follow your instructions as you authorize, or protect the security of our financial records.
If you terminate your membership with Genesee Co-op Federal Credit Union, we will not share information we have collected about you, except as permitted or required by law.How We Protect Your Information
We restrict access to nonpublic personal information about you to those employees who have a specific business purpose in using your data. Our employees are trained in the importance of maintaining confidentiality and member privacy. We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations and leading industry practices to safeguard your nonpublic personal information.
Privacy Notice (195.20 KB)
Our Members make the difference.
Member Since 2004
"What has the CU done for and meant to me? How about warmth and security?
When I joined I felt, and still feel, that the diversity of the neighborhood is well represented both by the CU's members and its employees.
As welcoming as the staff is, I had no problem following when the building on Gregory St became its new home.
The loyalty I felt to Genesee Co-op FCU at that time has been validated by an incident in May 2009.
One of my checks was presented to the teller, unsigned, for a large amount. When that individual came back with same check supposedly signed by me, the CU refused to cash it, because the staff recognized the signature as forged. I got to see how the sense of kinship the CU propagates, plays out in order to safeguard its members.
Thank you, team."
Merrie Camp
LOST or STOLEN VISA Debit Card?
Please call 1-888-241-2510.
×
Partner Site Disclaimer
By accessing the noted link you will be LEAVING Genesee Co-op FCU's website.
While we only refer you to sites we identify as partners and beneficial resources to our members, we do not control the content and security of this site.
No Thanks - maybe later
Yes -
I understand