http://www.hmgpaint.com/home/terms-and-conditions
×
HMG Portal
You will now be re-directed to our portal for the purposes of logging in to access printable data sheets and your account information whilst these features are being re-vamped for our new site.
The page will open in a new tab. You can return to this website at any time.
Take me there...
Products
Enquiry
0161 205 7631 |
sales@hmgpaint.com
Enquiry
Toggle navigation
HOME
PRODUCTS
Wet
Decorative
Powder Coatings
Acrythane 4G
Hand Sanitiser
NEWS
SERVICES
Colour Matching
Advanced Colour Design
Technical Support
Training
Toll Manufacturing
Shop
Find A Local Distributor
CORPORATE
Heritage
Key Personnel
Careers
RAL Colour Selector
Accreditations
Resources
KNOWLEDGE
Knowledge Base
Troubleshooting
Glossary
CONTACT
MY ACCOUNT
hometerms-and-conditions;
WELCOME
Welcome to HMG Paints Limited’s website. The term ‘HMG Paints’ or ‘us’ or ‘we’ or ‘our’ refers to the owner of the website whose registered office is Riverside Works, Collyhurst Road, Manchester, M40 7RU. Our Company Registration Number is 00669551. The term ‘you’ refers to the user or viewer of our website.
Your access to and usage of this site is subject to the following Terms and Conditions of Use. By accessing, browsing and using this site you agree and accept these Terms and Conditions of use, which together with our Privacy Policy govern our relationship with you in relation to this website.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
intellectual property rights including but not limited to text, images, audio, video, html code are owned by HMG Paints Limited. The above rights include but are not limited to copyrights, trade names and trademarks. This website and the content on it is the copyright of HMG Paints Limited-- © HMG Paints Ltd 2015.
This website also contains material which is owned by or licensed to HMG Paints Limited. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. All trademarks reproduced in and on this website, which are not the property of, or licensed to HMG Paints Limited, are acknowledged on the website.
The site and the information contained upon it may not be reproduced or redistributed, either electronically or otherwise, without HMG Paints Limited’s prior written consent. You may not, except with HMG Paints Limited’s prior express written permission, distribute or commercially exploit the content upon this website nor may you transmit it or store it in any form, electronically or otherwise.
HMG Paints Limited does expressly permit you to do the following:
you may print or download to a local hard disk extracts of the website for your personal and non-commercial use only
you may copy extracts of the website content to individual third parties for their personal use, but only if you acknowledge the website as the source of the material and do not modify the information contained on the same in any way.
Unauthorised usage of this website may give rise to a claim for an injunction, damages and costs. It may also be a criminal offence.
INFORMATION AND LIABILITY
The information contained in and on this website is provided to you at no cost and is for your general information only. It is subject to change and/or alteration without notice. The information provided does not create any relationship between you and HMG Paints Limited. Whilst HMG Paints Limited endeavours to keep the information contained on the site up to date and correct, we make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability or availability with respect to the website or the information, products, services, or related graphics contained on the website for any purpose. Any reliance you place on such information is therefore strictly at your own risk. In no event will we be liable for any loss or damage including, but not limited to, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any loss or damage whatsoever arising from loss of data or profits arising out of, or in connection with, the use of this website.
From time to time this site may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience. They do not signify that we recommend or endorse the linked website(s) or the views expressed within them. HMG Paints Limited accepts no responsibility for the content of any linked website(s) as HMG Paints Limited has no control over the nature, content and availability of such sites. Any usage you make of information provided on such websites is at your own risk.
Neither HMG Paints Limited nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors. HMG Paints Limited expressly excludes liability for any such inaccuracies or errors.
Further, HMG Paints Limited expressly disclaims all express and implied warranties including but not limited to the implied warranties of fitness for purpose. In no circumstances will HMG Paints Limited be liable to any party for any losses or damages arising out of or in connection with this site and/or any information on or accessed through this site (including via links).
Every effort is made to keep this website up and running smoothly. However, HMG Paints Ltd accepts no responsibility or liability for the website becoming unavailable.
Your usage of any of the information or materials on or through this website is entirely at your own risk, for which HMG Paints Limited shall not be liable. It is your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meets your specific requirements.
COLOUR
HMG Paints Limited attempt to make sure that the colours contained on this website match those which you are provided with however an exact colour match cannot be guaranteed. We recommend obtaining colour samples from HMG Paints Limited prior to placing an order.
JURISDICTION
Your usage of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of England.
A copy of the PSC Register is available on request.
Getting in touch.
To place an order or to find out more about HMG Paints get in touch via the details below.
HMG Paints, Riverside Works,
Collyhurst Road, Collyhurst, Manchester M40 7RU
0161 205 7631
sales@hmgpaint.com
Follow us on Twitter
Connect on Facebook
Connect on LinkedIn