http://www.nasb.com/lending/resources/home-buying-help/steps-to-buying-a-house
External Links Disclaimer
If you click “Continue” an external website that is owned and operated by a third-party will be opened in a new browser window. North American Savings Bank provides links to external web sites for the convenience of its members. These external web sites may not be affiliated with or endorsed by the bank. Use of these sites are used at the user’s risk. These sites are not under the control of North American Savings Bank and North American Savings Bank makes no representation or warranty, express or implied, to the user concerning:
the information, content, presentation, accuracy or opinions of these sites, or
the quality, safety or suitability of any software found on these sites.
Using a hyperlink may identify you as a North American Savings Bank member to the operator of the external site.
North American Savings Bank does not provide and is not responsible for the product, service or overall website content available at these sites. The privacy policies of North American Savings Bank do not apply to linked websites and you should consult the privacy disclosures on these sites for further information.
If you click “Cancel“ you will be returned to the North American Savings Bank website.
Continue
Cancel
Please enter your zip code
Some of our products may vary depending on your location. Please enter your
home zip code so we can provide accurate information and personalized service.
Zip Code*
Submit
Unfortunately, we do not offer this product in your area.
Please call 800-677-6272, option 3 for assistance.
Return to nasb.com
Change zip code
Skip to Main Content
Skip to Online Banking
Skip to Sitemap
For the latest COVID-19 updates including how to guard against cyber attackers posing as financial institutions, click here
Menu
Apply now
Locations
Rates
Contact
Search
Close Main navigation menu
Banking
Lending
Investment Real Estate Lending
About
Resource Center
Back to main menu
All Banking
Solutions
Checking
All Checking
Prosper Checking
Thrive Checking
Advance Checking
Checking FAQs
Savings
All Savings
Stepping Stones Savings
Statement Savings
Smart Savers Savings
Select III Savings
Performance Savings
Super Saver Savings
IRA Savings
Savings FAQs
CDs
All CDs
Certificate of Deposit
Fixed Rate IRA CD
Certificate of Deposit FAQs
Money Market
All Money Market
Money Market Checking
Premium Money Market Checking
Money Market FAQs
Customer Service
All Customer Service
Security Center
Banking Forms and Disclosures
Banking FAQs
Resources
Account Rates
All Account Rates
Account Services
All Account Services
Financial Calculators
All Financial Calculators
Digital Banking
All Digital Banking
Digital Banking Tools
Mobile Banking
Mobile Banking FAQs
Online Banking
Digital Wallets
Switch Kit
All Switch Kit
Refer-a-Friend
All Refer-a-Friend
How To Videos
All How To Videos
Locations and ATMs
All Locations and ATMs
Back to main menu
All Lending
Solutions
Home Loans
All Home Loans
Conventional Loan
VA Loan
FHA Loan
Jumbo Loan
Non-Conforming Loan
FLEX Loan
Bank Statement Loan
IRA Lending
Mortgage Refinance
All Mortgage Refinance
Cash-Out Refinancing
Rate and Term Refinancing
VA Refinancing
Mortgage Refinance FAQs
Mortgage Programs
All Mortgage Programs
FLEX Loan
Home Buying Advantage
Good Neighbor Program
Zero Down Home Loan Program
RateSecure™ Program
Bank Statement Loan
Loan Servicing
All Loan Servicing
Manage Your NASB Mortgage
Make a Loan Payment
Automate Mortgage Payments
Mortgage Account Login
Financial Hardship Support
Loan Servicing FAQs
Lending Forms and Disclosures
Resources
Mortgage Rates
All Mortgage Rates
Mortgage Calculators
All Mortgage Calculators
Start a Home Loan Application
All Start a Home Loan Application
Finish My Mortgage Application
All Finish My Mortgage Application
Home Buying Help
All Home Buying Help
Steps To Buying A House
Mortgage Terms Glossary
First-Time Home Buyer
Home Loan Pre-Approval
Home Loan Process FAQs
Loan Officers
All Loan Officers
Sales Management
Back to main menu
All Investment Real Estate Lending
Solutions
Commercial Real Estate Loans
All Commercial Real Estate Loans
Commercial IRA Loans
Construction and Development Loans
All Construction and Development Loans
Construction & Development Application
IRA Lending
All IRA Lending
Resources
Commercial Loan Requirements
All Commercial Loan Requirements
Commercial Loan General Terms and Pricing
All Commercial Loan General Terms and Pricing
IRA Non-Recourse Loan FAQs
All IRA Non-Recourse Loan FAQs
Self-Directed IRA Custodians
All Self-Directed IRA Custodians
Leverage Your IRA Book
All Leverage Your IRA Book
Back to main menu
All About
NASB
Our Story
All Our Story
Contact Us
All Contact Us
Schedule an Appointment
Locations and ATMs
All Locations and ATMs
Grandview, MO Branch
Lee's Summit, MO - 291 Highway Branch
Independence, MO Branch
Harrisonville, MO Branch
Kansas City, MO - North Oak Trafficway Branch
Kansas City, MO - Barry Road Branch
Platte City, MO Branch
Excelsior Springs, MO Branch
St. Joseph, MO Branch
Lexington, MO Branch
Odessa, MO Branch
Kansas City, MO - 104th Street Loan Center
Lee's Summit, MO - Columbus Street - Loan Center
Loan Officers
All Loan Officers
Leadership
All Leadership
Explore
Careers
All Careers
Job Listings
Community
All Community
Events
All Events
Media Center
All Media Center
Press Releases
Investor Relations
Privacy and Disclosures
All Privacy and Disclosures
Privacy Policy
Account Terms and Conditions
Corporate Governance
Online Privacy Statement
NASB Blog
All NASB Blog
Back to main menu
All Resource Center
Tools
Calculators
All Calculators
Mortgage Calculators
Savings Calculators
Solutions Finder
All Solutions Finder
Refinance My Home
Buy a Home
Planning for Retirement
Veteran
Save More Money
Resources
NASB Blog
All NASB Blog
eBooks
All eBooks
So, You're Thinking of Buying Your First Home?
A VA Loan Guide to Home Buying
Everything You Need to Know About Certificates of Deposit Accounts
Leverage Your IRA
Video
All Video
First-Time Home Buyers Video
Understanding Certificates of Deposit Video
Getting Started with Your NASB Mobile Banking App
Portfolio Mortgage Loan Options Video
Webinar - Financial Fitness and Avoiding Exploitation
Webinar - Financial Awareness and Budgeting
Security Center
All Security Center
Online Banking Security
Travel Safety Tips
Online Transaction Security
Identity Theft and Fraud
Coronavirus Financial Preparedness
SecureNow Login System
Close Apply menu
Apply Now
We have the products to help you achieve your financial goals.
Banking
Mortgage
Apply Now
We have the products to help you achieve your financial goals.
Banking
Mortgage
Apply Now
We have the products to help you achieve your financial goals.
Banking
Mortgage
Close Contact menu
Contact Us
We're here when you need us.
Routing number: 301071631
Contact Us
Call us:
816-316-4000
800-677-6272
Email us:
Deposit Customer Service
Loan Customer Service
Chat online
Schedule an appointment
Contact a loan officer
Account services
Manage your NASB mortgage
Make a loan payment
Report lost or stolen card
Reorder checks
Referral program
Careers
Account Login
I'd like to...
Banking
Access Online Banking
Continue My Banking Application
Lending
Access Online Banking
Finish My Mortgage Application
Make a Loan Payment
Manage My Mortgage
Close Rates menu
Rates
Competitive rates for the product you need.
Mortgage Rates
Account Rates
Close Search menu
Search
Find what you’re looking for.
Search
Type your search here
Home/ Lending/ Home Buying Help/ Steps To Buying A House
Steps To Buying A House
First-time home buyer?
Here's some help to steer you in the right direction.
Free rate quote
Have questions?
Find a Loan Officer
Contact us
Schedule an appointment
Want help from a human?
Answer a few simple questions and choose your preferred contact method to get personalized recommendations — just for you, right from our experts.
What type of loan are you looking for?
Refinance
Mortgage purchase
Step 1
By clicking the Submit button you agree that you are providing an electronic signature expressly authorizing NASB to contact you by telephone at any of the telephone number(s) provided above using an automatic telephone dialing system or an artificial or prerecorded voice or via text/SMS message, even if the telephone number is assigned to a cellular telephone service or other service for which the called party is charged. NASB may also contact you via email using any email address you provided. This authorization overrides any previous registration on a federal, state or corporate Do Not Call Registry or any internal NASB privacy or solicitation preference you have previously expressed. You are not required to provide this authorization as a condition of purchasing any property, goods or services from NASB. As an alternative, you may call us directly at 866-627-7119 and we will process your request over the phone.
Buying a house doesn't have to be hard.
You've done the apartment thing. Now it's time to buy your first home. As a first-time home buyer, you’ll be subjected to many new experiences such as shopping for private mortgage insurance or gathering an exhaustive list of your credit histories. We want you to understand the process. Here are some steps to make things a little easier.
Due Diligence
It's important to do a little homework as a first-time home buyer. We’re not just talking about driving around and scouting out dream homes for sale. That’s obviously an important process, but we’re talking about doing the paperwork before you even consider making an offer.
Here are a couple of steps you’ll need to take during the preliminary “grunt” work of first-time home buying:
Sit down and make a detailed budget with your monthly expenses against your income. This will show you how much room you have in your monthly budget for a new house payment.
Gather all information related to your credit history, including any possible bankruptcies or foreclosures. You can be approved for some loans, like an FHA-backed or VA-backed loan, even if your credit history has been a little rocky. The important thing to remember while buying your first home is to be honest about your credit history. What you don’t disclose immediately will show up later and potentially slow the entire process.
Understand your credit score. Allowing a bank to pull your credit and discuss your credit score can help you understand what programs are available to you. The majority of banks will do this at no charge. Making changes to your credit bureau takes time. If you need to improve your credit by 10 or 20 points to acquire a lower interest rate, the sooner you know that, the better.
Build a Solid Foundation
Once you’ve organized all the information pertaining to your financial history and income, it’s time to do some research on the house that will fit your budget. As a first-time home buyer, you’ll have options that seem attractive, but may not fit within your projected plan for a mortgage payment. It’s also important to research which type of mortgage you’ll apply for. If you need help, most lenders will help you fill out a pre-qualification form. Here is some information on pre-qualifications:
This document is both informative and non-binding, so you can fill out several ‘pre-quals’ before committing to a bank.
You’ll find out which mortgage options are right for you in a relatively painless way.
It’s important to remember that pre-qualifications are not the same as pre-approvals.
Speaking with a lender before you commit to buying your first home is important. There are certain aspects to the loan approval process, like appraisals and private mortgage insurance (PMI), which you’ll need to understand before you move forward. Each loan package has different qualifications, so doing your research will go a long way before you make an initial offer.
Sign on the Dotted Lines
Once your offer is approved, it’s time for the final step. As you prepare to close your mortgage, you can prepare for your new life - in your dream home. A lot of the final documentation is handled by a dedicated team at NASB, but it’s important that you standby to answer any potential questions the bank may have before closing.
Once you’ve been approved by the lender and the real estate company, it’s time to celebrate! The process for buying your first home can be stressful, but if you follow our steps to success, you’ll be thankful for the early preparation. NASB is proud to help our customers achieve their goals by assisting with all unique mortgage needs.
Want to Get Started? Let's talk!
To begin the loan process, contact one of our loan consultants today. Or download our free guide today and continue learning.
Pages within
this section
Steps To Buying A House
Mortgage Terms Glossary
First-Time Home Buyer
Home Loan Pre-Approval
Home Loan Process FAQs
Free rate quote
Have questions?
Find a Loan Officer
Contact us
Schedule an appointment
Pages within
this section
Steps To Buying A House
Mortgage Terms Glossary
First-Time Home Buyer
Home Loan Pre-Approval
Home Loan Process FAQs
Jesse M.
Could not have asked for a better experience. Professional, courteous, and always keeping us in the loop.
Doing it right. Doing it smartly.
Before you make any financial decision, you should get as educated as you can first. That’s why we created this resource center, complete with videos, eBooks, blogs, and much more.  School is in session!
Resource Center
Video
First-Time Home Buyers
Watch Now
Blog
The Do’s and Don’ts When Applying for a Mortgage
Read now
eBook
So, you're thinking of buying your first home?
Download now
Calculator
How much can I borrow?
Crunch the numbers
Local banking. National lending.
More than 78,000 home loan customers in the last decade
Based on lender data
More than $22 billion in home loans in the last decade
Based on lender data
99% of customers would recommend NASB
Based on 2,615 NASB closed loan customer surveys from 1/1/2018 to 5/28/2019
Nationally competitive products. Individualized service.
Apply now
Start the commercial loan application process.
Mortgage Calculator
How much will my mortgage payments be?
First-Time Home Buyer eBook
Download our free eBook to help you get started.