http://www.aecdaily.com/privacy_policy.php
Log In
Sign Up
Help
Menu
Log In
Sign Up
Help
Building knowledge and connections
Continuing Education
Building Products/Services
Search
Events
News
Blog
BIMobject
Continuing Education
Building Products/Services
+ More
Search
Events
News
Blog
BIMobject
Home > Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Online Privacy Policy
Last Updated November 2020
Your right to privacy is very important to us. AEC Daily Corporation ("AEC Daily") has created this privacy policy in order to explain the manners in which we collect, use, and disclose personal information, as well as certain rights you have in respect of your personal information.
This Privacy Policy is incorporated into, and is subject to, the Terms of Use. By using our website at https://www.aecdaily.com ("Website"'), or by choosing to submit personal information to AEC Daily, you signify your consent to all of the terms of this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use. If you do not agree with any terms of this Privacy Policy or the Terms of Use, you may not use this Website or submit any personal information to AEC Daily.
Please note that this Website contains links to other third party sites. AEC Daily is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such other sites.
What information do we collect and how will it be used and disclosed?
Personal information is information that is about an identifiable individual such as your name, address, telephone number, email address, IP address or payment information ("Personal Information"). We collect Personal Information when you provide it through our Website, or when you provide it to us through other means.
When you provide AEC Daily with your Personal Information, we will add this information to our client file. We collect information we need for the purposes of conducting our business. For example, we may collect, use and disclose information to:
Allow you to register for and take a course offered by a course provider on our Site. Please note that when you register for a course, your personal information and information about your performance in the course will be provided to the course provider.
Operate our Website in accordance with its Terms of Use.
Facilitate, complete or confirm a purchase or registration you choose to make using the Website, including facilitating payment for your purchase.
Provide you with better and more efficient service;
Respond to your questions or inquiries;
Conduct market research and surveys;
Conduct promotional activities, including contests;
Improve our products, services and Website;
Send you informational or promotional communications;
Carry out other purposes that are disclosed to you and to which you consent;
Carry out any other purpose permitted or required by law.
If you have an Instructor or Administrator account, other users in your company or organization may have access to your account and records of your activities on this and other AEC Daily sites. It is advised that you maintain your personal AEC Daily account (should one exist) separately from your Instructor or Administrator account.
We may also disclose your personal information to a third party in the following situations:
Where it is specifically stated that information you provide will be sent to a third party and you choose to provide that information to us.
When you request information through AEC Daily from a third party (e.g. requesting specifications from a manufacturer listed on AEC Daily).
When you browse information about courses provided by a third party, we may disclose your account information to that third party for their statistical and marketing purposes. You can enable or disable this sharing on your communication preferences page.
When you take a course that is provided by a third party. (In order to register credit for a course, several organizations/individuals, including the course provider/instructor, need to be provided with your personal information, including your name, email address, company name, phone number, profession, and association number). As a result, you may be asked to agree to the privacy policy of the course provider/instructor. The privacy practices of course providers/instructors may differ from those of AEC Daily, so we encourage you to read these policies. AEC Daily is not responsible for the privacy practices, any other practices, of any course provider/instructor or any other third party.
To a third party service provider that assists us with carrying out these purposes (for example, a company that helps us host our Website or process payments).
If we merge with or are acquired by a third party or should any such transaction be proposed.
To conduct investigations of possible breaches of law.
To identify, contact, or bring legal action against someone who may be violating an agreement they have with us.
To investigate security breaches or cooperate with government authorities pursuant to a legal matter.
To protect our rights, safety or property.
How do we collect information through technological means?
We may use your IP address and cookies to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Website. Your IP address is used to help identify you and your shopping cart and to gather broad demographic information. We may also collect other general information (such as the type of browser you use, which pages you view, and the files you request). The amount of information that is sent by your web browser depends on the browser and settings you use. Please refer to the instructions provided by your browser if you want to learn more about what information it sends to websites you visit, or how you may change or restrict this. Your browser also gives you the option to reject cookies. However, setting your browser to reject cookies generally hinders the browser's performance and will adversely affect your experience while using our Website.
Our Website may include social media features, such as the Facebook Like or Share button and Widgets ("Features"). These Features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our website, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. They may also allow third-party social media services to provide us information about you, including your name, email address, and other contact information. The data we receive is dependent upon your privacy settings with the social network. Features are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our site. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy statement of the company providing it. You should always review, and if necessary, adjust your privacy settings on third-party websites and services before linking or connecting them to the Service.
How is my information protected?
AEC Daily will take reasonable physical, organizational, and technological precautions to help protect your privacy and the personal information we collect.
Personal Information may be accessed by persons within our organization, or our third party service providers, who require such access to carry out the purposes indicated above, or such other purposes as may be permitted or required by the applicable law. Personal Information we collect is maintained in our secure hosting facility.
Although we have taken measures to help protect our Website, computer systems and Personal Information that we have collected from unauthorized use, access, disclosure, misuse, alteration or destruction, no security measures can provide absolute protection. We cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you provide to us.
Some or all of the Personal Information we collect may be stored or processed on servers located outside your jurisdiction of residence, including in the United States, whose data protection laws may differ from the jurisdiction in which you live. As a result, this information may be subject to access requests from governments, courts, or law enforcement in those jurisdictions according to laws in those jurisdictions.
Accessing and Correcting your Personal Information
Providing AEC Daily with updated information allows us to provide you with more efficient service. You have a right to request access to your Personal Information and to request a correction to it if you believe it is inaccurate. If you have submitted Personal Information to AEC Daily and would like to have access to it, or if you would like to have it corrected,
please email us at info@aecdaily.com or visit our
Contact Us section.
We may require you to verify your identity before allowing you to access your Personal Information. In some cases we may not be able to allow you to access certain Personal Information in certain circumstances, for example if it contains Personal Information of other persons, or for legal reasons.
Children
AEC Daily does not knowingly collect Personal Information from children. If a child has already provided us with Personal Information, his or her parent or guardian may contact us for the purpose of asking us to delete this information.
Choice/Opt-Out
You have the ability to opt-out of receiving communications from us.
To opt-out of receiving our Newsletter(s) and any other communication which is not essential to our ability to provide you with education services, you may make use of the 'opt-in / opt-out' function found in the 'Email Preferences' section of your user profile.
AEC Daily gives you the following options for removing your information from our database to not receive future commercial communications or to no longer receive our services:
Email us at info@aecdaily.com
Visit our Contact Us section
Asking us to delete all of your information from our database will permanently and irrevocably terminate your existing records with AEC Daily (including your transcript). Please note there may be some information we are unable to delete for legal reasons.
Choosing to receive no communication from AEC Daily at all will preclude our ability to facilitate your education through our Website, and will therefore terminate your ability to continue to use it for your educational needs.
Your California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits residents of the State of California to request from certain businesses with whom the California resident has an established business relationship a list of all third parties to which the business, during the immediately preceding calendar year, has disclosed certain personally identifiable information for direct marketing purposes. We are required to respond to a customer request only once during any calendar year. To make such a request you should send a letter to AEC Daily Corporation, Attn: California Privacy Rights, 266 Elmwood Avenue, Suite 511, Buffalo, New York 14222, USA. In your request, please attest to the fact that you are a California resident and provide a current California address for our response. Please be aware that not all information sharing is covered by the California Privacy Rights requirements and only information sharing that is covered will be included in our response.
Changes to this Policy
AEC Daily reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. We will reflect any such modifications to this Privacy Policy on our Website and will indicate the date this Privacy Policy was last amended. Your continued access to and/or use of the Website after any such changes constitutes your acceptance of, and agreement to, this Privacy Policy, as revised. Please periodically review this Privacy Policy so that you know what personal information we collect, how we use it, and with whom we may share it.
Contacting AEC Daily
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this website, or your dealings with AEC Daily, you can contact:
AEC Daily Corporation
266 Elmwood Avenue, Suite 511
Buffalo, New York 14222
USA
Toll-Free Phone: 1-877-566-1199
Toll-Free Fax: 1-877-261-2252
info@aecdaily.com
Log In
Sign Up
Transcript
My Courses
CE Information
Home
| Continuing Education
| Building Products/Services
| Events
| News
| Subscribe
Contact Us
| About Us
| Advertising Information
| Terms Of Use
| Privacy Policy