http://www.manufacturers.com.tw/help/terms-of-use.htm
Suppliers
Agriculture & Food Products
Animal & Pet Products
Automobile & Auto Parts
Bags & Luggages
Beauty & Health
Bicycles Parts & Accessories
Business Services
Chemicals & Related Products
Clothing & Fashion Accessories
Computer & PC Peripheral
Construction & Building Materials
Consumer Electronics
Die & Mold
Electronic Components
Environmental Products & Equip.
Furniture Manufacturers
Gift & Promotional Items
Hardware Products
Home, Industrial & Tools
Hydraulic & Pneumatic Parts
More Categories ...
Industrial Supply
Kitchenware & Household Goods
Lights & Lighting
Musical Instruments
Office Supplies & Stationery
Optical & Photography Equipment
Outdoor, Leisure & Sporting Goods
Packaging Materials & Equipment
Plumbing Manufacturers
Printing & Publishing Products
Security, Safety Products
Shoes & Shoe Materials
Taiwan Machinery Manufacturers
Telecommunication Equipments
Textile Manufacturers
Toy Manufacturers
Watches, Clocks & Timepieces
Wood, Paper & Pulp Products
Tradeleads
Post Trade Leads
Selling Leads
Buying Leads
Tradeshow
Taiwan Show
Featured Trade Shows
Industry Bulletin
Trade Shows News
Online Trade Shows
Post
Inquiry Basket
Sign In
Suppliers
Products
Selling Leads
Buying Leads
Home > Help > Terms Of Use
Terms of Use
Service Acknowledgement and Items
All the rights of services of B2BManufactures.com belong to GT Internet Information Co., Ltd. (the company, so called as follows). And all services (B2BManufactures.com service, so called as follows) will be provided according to this acknowledgement to B2BManufactures.com registered members. When you make use of B2BManufactures.com, it is understood that you have read, acknowledged and accepted all the rules of B2BManufactures.com, that include service items, exemptions statement etc. And the company, B2BManufactures.com site and any other related associates will never be accused in whatever the way or situations.
B2BManufactures.com acknowledge keeps you in agreement with the company. If you do not accept this agreement in full or partially in whatever the countries or regions, you should stop use member service provided by B2BManufactures.com.
The company reserves the right to alter at any the service items and you are suggested to make review of this service agreement all the time. The company no responsibility to any third parties.
Member Registration Responsibility
If you register with B2BManufactures.com as a company or any other legal identities, you acknowledge and warranty that you are entitled to let the same to be bond by the service agreement.
Register your real company name, full personal details according to the correct registration procedures. If there are any changes to that, please update data to keep your company details accurate, real and complete. You will be responsible legally if you register in others names without any necessary arrangement to that very person.
If you or the company you represent do not supply honest data, or do not update data on time that make registration not correct, the company reserves the right to terminate you membership and all related services at any time.
Account Numbers, Passwords and Security
After you have finished registration with B2BManufactures.com to become B2BManufactures.com member, you will receive a set of account number and password, which will be kept, under your full responsibility. No renting out of any kind, transfer or let-out to any third party are allowed.
You can, however, change your passwords any time and make sure to use log-out after each use of your account number and password to prevent fraudulent use by others. If you do have found that you account number and password were used fraudulently, please inform the company immediately. As a matter of fact, this does not mean that the company indicates any responsibility by the company to compensate you for the loose cased by that. Any fraudulently use of them will not be responsible by the compensation of the company.
Privacy and Data Protection
Data search by you and companies you represent are regulated by protection law of personal data processed by computers, related laws of Taiwan and privacy policy of the company, that is published in the B2BManufactures.com at http://www.manufacturers.com.tw/ for members who are interested in reviewing them. As to the data you published, part or in all, will be kept in our record to be shared by other members since B2BManufactures.com provides paid member service and generates advertisement effect that will give its members the best possible market exposure.
User Responsibility and Commitment
You are committed to supplying honest, correct and the most updated personal data, otherwise, the company will terminate your membership and refuse to supply further service to you.
You agree the company will keep your data that you have published on behalf of you or your company. The company has every right to collect, process, keep and transmit theses data that will let other members to make use of the data and conduct lawful marketing practices.
The company will not show any responsibility or make any compensation to the loss that is occurred because of lost of account number and passwords etc.
You are not allowed to make use B2BManufactures.com system for unlawful purpose and obey laws of Taiwan and rules in connection with internet global practices.
Data such as unlawful, swear, insulting, rude, obscene, no true, harmful, copyright breaching, will purposed etc will never be allowed to be uploaded. And the company will certainly delete them if found true.
Objects that are unlawful or against the general rules are recognized by the company as those not allowed to be traded or published at B2BManufactures.com.
Disturbance of any kind to B2BManufactures.com site and its proxy are not allowed.
System of B2BManufactures.com, part or in full, is not allowed to be copied, sold or resold for business purpose.
Patent, trademarks, copyright in any form are not allowed to be published in B2BManufactures.com site without prior notice to parties related. The company has the right to remove the same if necessary.
Using B2BManufactures.com in others name is now allowed.
Member violate the rules listed above will have their membership terminated or suspended in the terms of B2BManufactures.com service, part of in full. And all links in B2BManufactures.com will be removed. Any accusations and claims caused herein with will be pursued by the company from those who caused it and legal fees, business damages, litigation fee and reconciliatory fees will be included and add up if necessary.
No money back guarantee does not apply to products that have already been listed.
Exemption Statement
The company does not provide any guarantee to B2BManufactures.com service intended or unintended. The company does not guarantee that it will satisfy specific requirement by clients. Unless it caused by the company who never guarantee that the service is un-interruptible. And no guarantee will be given to service that is on-time and reliable. If there are any thing in the acknowledge against the present consumer protection rules, suggestions and comments may be made for further amendment.
The company does not show any responsibility to direct, indirect, occasional or special loses that are the direct consequence of hacker and any other illegal use of systems. Furthermore, service suspension will not be covered by the company should they come from government censorship, law alternations, wars, fights, power off and destruction on purpose and any other un-controllable events.
For the sake of special business nature, hackers, computer virus attack or ISP adjustment, as well as government censorship that lead to temporary service suspension will be regarded as irresistible factors to which the company will show no responsibility.
The company has no obligations or responsibility toward products advertised by its members. If you transact with manufacturers and suppliers for their services on B2BManufactures.com, that will be bond by relevant contracts without any involvement of the company. Whenever there are arguments arising from service defects or service disagreement, members will contact those manufacturers or suppliers direct for help and solutions. The company does not show any responsibility whatsoever.
B2BManufactures.com users agree to protect benefits of the company and any legal charges should they happen with member argument and violations of service items and compensations.
Bulletins
All important bulletins will be issued through email in connection to revisions of service items, change of service and other major changes happening.
Copyright of B2BManufactures.com Contents
Contents defined in this site include: all words, software, soundtracks, graphics, recordings, charts, adverts, emails and all data provided by members. These contents are protected by copyrights, labels and other intelligence laws. Permissions are needed for anybody to make use these contents and no copy, redistribution and publishing these contents are allowed without the agreement from B2BManufactures.com.
Preparatory Law and Court in Control
All items and explanations of B2BManufactures.com acknowledgement covering service articles, and all arguments ever since, will be explained and judged by the Taiwan preliminary courts located in Taichung City.
G.T. Internet Information Co., Ltd.
Address : 17F., No. 241, Sec. 3, Wunsin Rd., Situn Dist., Taichung City 407, Taiwan (R.O.C.)
TEL : +886-4-2296-6999 / Fax : +886-4-2296-0605
Skype :
Download
Service Hour : 8:30 AM ~ 12:00 AM, 1:00 PM ~ 5:30 PM
Current Time :
(Taipei Time Zone GMT +8)
How to Buy
Find Suppliers
Find Selling Leads
Post Buying Leads
How to Sell
Find Buying Leads
Post Selling Leads
Help
How to Use My BMS
Search Tips
Trade Resources
Global Stock
World Trade Centers
Exhibition Information
Tradeshow Calendar
Terms & Conditions
Copyright & Disclaimer
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
About Us
Our Services
Advertise
Help
My BMS
Post Trade Leads
Selling Leads
Buying Leads
Suppliers
Trade Show
Site Map
Contact Us
Copyright & Disclaimer
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Copyright © 2017, G.T. Internet Information Co.,Ltd. All Rights Reserved.