http://www.alphasondesigns.com/termsandconditions
Home
Alphason Designs Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
Payment
We accept MasterCard, Visa, Visa Debit, Switch and Paypal .
Payment Processing
You can pay for your order online 24/7, by visiting the checkout pages or
Alternatively you can contact our Customer Services on 0845 130 6686 Monday- Friday 8.30am - 5.30pm, Friday 8.30am - 3.00pm.
Prices
Prices are as shown on the website and include VAT at the current rate. We reserve the right to alter prices at any time.
It may be necessary to change prices either up or down, from time to time, including any alterations to the rate of VAT. Any price changes will be confirmed to you at the time of ordering.
We reserve the right to cancel any order, should we discover that a pricing mistake has occurred.
Order Confirmation
You will receive an order receipt confirmation email as soon as you have placed an order.
Order confirmation is to be treated as an “invitation to treat”. Order acceptance is only carried out on the production of an invoice.
Portrayal of products
While every effort has been made to portray items accurately, slight variations may occur.
All measurements quoted are approximate and the reproduction of colours is as accurate as photographic and publishing processes will allow.
Please note there may be variations in colours dependant on the calibration and settings of individual screens.
We reserve the right to improve/change/discontinue any product without prior notice.
Copyright
All rights, including copyright, for this website are owned by or licensed to Alphason Designs
Any use of this website or its contents, including copying or storing it or them in whole or part, other than for your own personal, non-commercial use is prohibited without the permission of Alphason Designs.
You may not modify or distribute anything on this website for any purpose.
Availability
All items are subject to availability.
We will inform you as soon as possible if goods you have ordered are no longer available or we are unable to satisfy the standard delivery lead time.
Orders from Outside the UK
Unfortunately we are unable to ship orders outside the UK, if any orders are placed for delivery outside the UK we will refund the full order value in GBP. Refunds will not compensate for any exchange rate variation from initial purchase.
Returns
In the rare event that goods are faulty or damaged on delivery, please contact Customer Services on 0845 130 6686 or CSEurope@dorel.com and we'll arrange an exchange.
If you are unhappy with a product for any reason, send it back to us together with the original packaging and provided they are in a saleable condition we'll provide a full refund or a replacement.
You must notify us in writing (email or post) within 7 days from delivery.
Please note that bespoke furniture, special orders, flat-packed items that have been assembled, made-to-order items, gift vouchers and personalised items can only be returned or exchanged if faulty.
You will be responsible for the cost of returning the goods to us, and will remain responsible for any and all returned goods until they reach our warehouse. We strongly advise that a proof of postage certificate should be obtained when returning any part of your order. Certificates are available free of charge from the post office. On high value items it is advisable to arrange an appropriate level of insurance to cover any transit damage.
Returns and exchanges will be processed as soon as possible after arrival. Any refunds will be issued to the card used during purchase.
Our returns address is:
Alphason Designs
Alphason House
Swan Lane
Hindley Green
WN2 4EY
The Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment (WEEE) Directive is now UK law.  Click Here for more information.
Liability disclaimer
www.alphasondesigns.com total liability for any claim howsoever shall not exceed the price of the goods supplied by www.alphasondesigns.com to the customer. www.alphasondesigns.com shall not be liable for any consequential loss whether this arises from a breach of duty in contract or in any other way, save where such liability is imposed upon www.alphasondesigns.com by statute. www.alphasondesigns.com cannot accept any liability for a failure to comply with instructions specifically stated on the Website or in the catalogue. www.alphasondesigns.com does not limit in any way our liability for death or personal injury caused by our negligence or wilful misconduct. By law, you also have the right to withdraw from the purchase of an item within seven working days of the day after the date the item is delivered. Goods are provided to you on approval and legal title to the goods will not pass to you until fourteen [14] days after delivery. Your statutory rights are not affected by this statement.
When you place an order to purchase a product from www.alphasondesigns.com your order represents an offer to us to purchase a product which is accepted by us by way of a dispatch note included when you receive your order. Any products on the same order which we have not confirmed as accepted in such dispatch note do not form part of the contract.
www.alphasondesigns.com endeavours to check the accuracy of the information on this site. However, www.alphasondesigns.com does not warrant that such information will be error free and the user acknowledges that information, products and services published on this web site may include inaccuracies and typological errors.
Website
Every effort is made to ensure that this website is free from viruses and defects however, this cannot be guaranteed.
www.alphasondesigns.com shall not be liable to any person for loss or damage which may arise as a result of any failure by you to protect your password or account. You are responsible for the confidentiality of your password and account and any activities that occur under your account.
www.alphasondesigns.com shall not be liable to any person for loss or damage which may arise to computer equipment as a result of using this website.
Security
Our secure server software encrypts all of your personal information, including name, address and credit card details. Information remains scrambled whenever it is transmitted over the web.
Data protection & privacy policy
Please see our Privacy policy
Jurisdiction
This website, its content and any contract brought into being as a result of using this site are governed by and construed in accordance with English Law.
Any other questions?
If you have any questions on any aspect of www.alphasondesigns.com please contact us here.
Phone: 0845 1306686
Post: Alphason Designs
Alphason House,
Swan Lane,
Hindley Green,
WN2 4EY
www.alphasondesigns.com is the trading name of Dorel Home Furnishings, Inc.
The site is owned and operated by Dorel Home Furnishings, Inc.
The registered office is Dorel Home Furnishings, Inc., 12345 Albert-Hudon Blvd., Suite 100 Montreal, Quebec, Canada H1G 3K9