https://www.plasa.org/gdpr-policy/
Skip to content
PLASA Privacy Policy
Responsible Person – Data Controller
The person responsible for all matters concerning the privacy and processing of any personal data, also known as the data controller, can be contacted as follows:
Shane McGreevy
PLASA Ltd
Redoubt House
1 Edward Road
Eastbourne
BN23 8AS
They can be contacted on shane.mcgreevy@plasa.org or you can write to the above address.
Your Rights
Under the General Data Protection Regulation, you have certain rights regarding your data. You have the right to ask us for a copy of any data we hold about you. You have a right to have any data that is incorrect, corrected. You have the right to object to the use of your data. You have the right to have your data provided to you to take elsewhere in a suitable format. You have the right to have your data deleted in certain circumstances. If you wish to exercise any of these rights, then please contact our data controller. You also have the right to lodge a complaint about the use of your data with the Information commissioner. Details for the information commissioner and making a complaint can be found on their website at www.ico.org.uk
Use of your data
PLASA collects personal information when you apply for our certification and training. We do this on the basis of a contract to deliver your training or certification and only use this information in connection with your application. The information provided via your application will be given to the relevant assessment centre, who will comply with data protection legislation. Your information is stored for five years from your last assessment.
PLASA also collects information when you become a member. This information enables us to verify your business and set up contractual agreements across our membership services and commercial divisions: PLASA Media and PLASA Events. We will not store this information any longer than necessary and we will keep this information up to date. We are processing this information on the basis of a contract for membership.
PLASA uses Sagepay for card payments and GoCardless for direct debit payments. Both companies comply by their own comprehensive privacy policies which can be viewed on their respective websites. This keeps your bank and card details safe and secure whereby even PLASA cannot access your details.
Additional information is stored by PLASA when you sign up to our mailing lists. This allows us to send you occasional PLASA association updates. You may unsubscribe from these emails at any time using the unsubscribe link at the bottom of each email you receive. This information is processed with the consent you gave when you signed up to the email. We use Mailchimp to manage our email lists. Mailchimp is based in the US and your data is protected by the EU-US Privacy Shield scheme.
All other personal information collected by PLASA is processed and stored securely in the UK and will never be sold to any third party.
Join PLASA today
Get access to the best network of companies and individuals supplying technologies and innovative services to the event, entertainment and installation industries worldwide.
Join Now
PLASA Focus Leeds 2021
11 - 12 May 2021
Royal Armouries, Leeds
Learn more
Welcome to PLASA
Membership
Join PLASA
Members’ Day and AGM
Industry Research Report
Events
Calendar
Trade Shows
Members’ Day & AGM
PlugFest
Media
Skills
Rigging and Production
Professional Development Training
Resources
Coronavirus
Brexit
Connect to Wellbeing
Technical Articles
COVID-19
#WeMakeEvents
Resources
Health & Safety Guidance
About
News
About PLASA
Contact PLASA
Board and Staff
Interest Groups
Industry Jobs
PLASA Member Search
Members’ Area
Join PLASA
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.Close