http://www.hain.com/privacy-policy/copyright-policy
IMPORTANT COVID-19 UPDATES
Copyright Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
REPORTING CLAIMS OF COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT
We take claims of copyright infringement seriously. We will respond to notices of alleged copyright infringement that comply with applicable law. If you believe any materials accessible on or from this site (the “Website”) infringe your copyright, you may request removal of those materials (or access thereto) from the Website by submitting written notification to our Copyright Agent (designated below). In accordance with the Online Copyright Infringement Liability Limitation Act of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (17 U.S.C. § 512) (“DMCA”), the written notice (the “DMCA Notice”) must include substantially the following:
Your physical or electronic signature.
Identification of the copyrighted work you believe to have been infringed or, if the claim involves multiple works on the Website, a representative list of such works.
Identification of the material you believe to be infringing in a sufficiently precise manner to allow us to locate that material.
Adequate information by which we can contact you (including your name, postal address, telephone number and, if available, e-mail address).
A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted material is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or the law.
A statement that the information in the written notice is accurate.
A statement, under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner.
Our designated Copyright Agent to receive DMCA Notices is:
Denise M. Faltischek
Executive Vice President and General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer
The Hain Celestial Group, Inc.
1111 Marcus Avenue
Lake Success, New York, 11042
TEL: (516) 587-5010
Fax: (516) 673-0227
Email: Denise.Faltischek@hain.com
If you fail to comply with all of the requirements of Section 512(c)(3) of the DMCA, your DMCA Notice may not be effective.
Please be aware that if you knowingly materially misrepresent that material or activity on the Website is infringing your copyright, you may be held liable for damages (including costs and attorneys’ fees) under Section 512(f) of the DMCA.
COUNTER-NOTIFICATION PROCEDURES
If you believe that material you posted on the Website was removed or access to it was disabled by mistake or misidentification, you may file a counter-notification with us (a “Counter-Notice”) by submitting written notification to our copyright agent (identified below). Pursuant to the DMCA, the Counter-Notice must include substantially the following:
Your physical or electronic signature.
An identification of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or access disabled.
Adequate information by which we can contact you (including your name, postal address, telephone number and, if available, e-mail address).
A statement under penalty of perjury by you that you have a good faith belief that the material identified above was removed or disabled as a result of a mistake or misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled.
A statement that you will consent to the jurisdiction of the Federal District Court for the judicial district in which your address is located (or if you reside outside the United States for any judicial district in which the Website may be found) and that you will accept service from the person (or an agent of that person) who provided the Website with the complaint at issue.
Completed Counter-Notices should be sent to:
Denise M. Faltischek
Executive Vice President and General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer
The Hain Celestial Group, Inc.
1111 Marcus Avenue
Lake Success, New York, 11042
TEL: (516) 587-5010
Fax: (516) 673-0227
Email: Denise.Faltischek@hain.com
The DMCA allows us to restore the removed content if the party filing the original DMCA Notice does not file a court action against you within ten business days of receiving the copy of your Counter-Notice.
Please be aware that if you knowingly materially misrepresent that material or activity on the Website was removed or disabled by mistake or misidentification, you may be held liable for damages (including costs and attorneys’ fees) under Section 512(f) of the DMCA.
REPEAT INFRINGERS: IT IS OUR POLICY IN APPROPRIATE CIRCUMSTANCES TO DISABLE AND/OR TERMINATE THE ACCOUNTS OF USERS WHO ARE REPEAT INFRINGERS.
Company
Who We Are
Global Footprint
History
Brands
Our Categories
Investor Relations
Careers
Find Your Career
Our Departments
Comprehensive Benefits
Equal Employment Opportunity
Find a Retailer
Find a Retailer
Search
Search
WorldWide Sites
USA
Canada
United Kingdom
Europe