https://www.westsystem.com/company/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Our privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for WestSystem.com. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by WestSystem.com. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, Privacy, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to our privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via info@westsystem.com or by calling 888-937-8797 within the USA or 989-684-7286 outside of the USA.
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect any information you submit to WestSystem.com. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of this web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us at 866-937-8797 inside the USA, or 989-684-7286 outside the USA. or email us via our contact form.
Search all we know about…
Search for:
Products
Price List
Instruction
User Manual
& Product
Guide
Safety
Safety Data Sheets (SDS)
Projects
Where to Buy
Company
Need Help? Call our Technical Staff toll-free: 866-937-8797 (Weekdays 9:00 AM to 5:00 PM EST)
Outside of the U.S.A., call 1-989-684-7286
E-MAIL Us
PRIVACY POLICY
Problem Solver | FAQ
CAUTION! Always buy WEST SYSTEM products in original, sealed factory containers. We cannot warranty decanted products because they may be diluted, contaminated, or not actually WEST SYSTEM products.
Please follow & like us :)