https://www.piezosystem.com/privacy_policy/
Company
About Us
Contact
Career
News
Trade Shows
Videos
Products
Nanopositioning
SCANIUS-LINE
Piezo Actuators
Stack Type Actuators
Ring Actuators
Hermetically Insulated Actuators
X/XY Nanopositioner – NanoX®
X Nanopositionier
Z Nanopositioner
XY Nanopositioner
XYZ Nanopositioner - TRITOR®
XYZ+Tip/Tilt Nanopositioner – PENTOR
Microscope Objective Positioner - series MIPOS®
Mirror Tilting Systems
Shutter/Piezo Slit Systems
Fiber Positioning System
Micrometer Screw Positioner - MICI
Piezo Gripper
Piezo Rotary Stage - ROTOR
Piezo-Controller/Piezo-Amplifier
Piezo Controller
Analogue System ENV
Digital System d-Drive
Digital System d-Drive pro
Piezo Controller 1 Channel Version
Piezo Controller 3 Channel Version
Fiber Switches
Motion Control
SCANIUS LINE
Piezocomposite/ hpower
Products
Applications for hpower
OEM Solutions
News
newsletter
news archive
Trade Shows Old
Trade Shows
Applications
piezopedia
Piezo Theory/Piezoline
Terms & Annotations
Questions & Answers
Downloads & Publications
Technical Information
user manuals
drivers and programs
notes for mounting
Marketing Material
catalog
brochures
application notes
Unternehmenspolitik
Research Publications
Physics & Material Science
Optics
Interferometry & Spectroscopy
Biophysics
Biotech & Microscopy
Imaging
Chemistry
list all
Certifications
Navigation ein-/ausblenden
KoreaChinaFrance DEEN
Company
About Us
Contact & Distributors
Career
News
Trade Shows
Videos
Products
Nanopositioning
Piezo Actuators
Stack Type Actuators
Series N
Series P
Series PA
Series PHL
Series PAHL
Series PA/T
Series P/S
Ring Actuators
Series R/RA
Hermetically Insulated Actuators
Series P/S
X/XY Nanopositioner – NanoX®
NanoX 200
NanoX 400
NanoSX 400
NanoSX 800
NanoSXY 120
NanoSXY 400
NanoX 240 SG
X Nanopositionier
PU 40
PU 90
PU 100
PU 65 HR
PX 38
PX 50
PX 100
PX 200
PX 300
PX 400
PX 500
PX 1500
Z Nanopositioner
PZ 8 D12
PZ 10
PZ 16
PZ 20 D12
PZ 38
PZ 100
PZ 200 OEM
PZ 250 SG
PZ 250 CAP WL
PZ 300 AP
PZ 400
PZ 400 OEM
PZ 700 SI
XY Nanopositioner
PXY D12
PXY 15 CDT
PXY 16 OEM
PXY 36
PXY 38
ScanXY 40
PXY 100
PXY 102
PXY 200
PXY 201
PXY 400
XYZ Nanopositioner - TRITOR®
microTRITOR
miniTRITOR
TRITOR 38
TRITOR 50
TRITOR 100
TRITOR 101
TRITOR 102
TRITOR 320
TRITOR 400
XYZ+Tip/Tilt Nanopositioner – PENTOR
Microscope Objective Positioner - series MIPOS®
MIPOS 20
MIPOS 100
MIPOS 250
MIPOS 500
MIPOS 600 SG OEM
MIPOS LFA
nanoMIPOS 400
MIPOS R 120
MIPOS 16
MIPOS Accessories
Mirror Tilting Systems
PSH 1-4
PSH 8
PSH 25 OEM
PSH 35
PSH 4/1
PSH 15/1 & PSH 30/1
PSH x/2
PKS 1
Shutter/Piezo Slit Systems
PZS 1 (230 µm Slit)
PZS 2 (60 µm Slit)
PZS 3 (1500 µm Slit)
PZS 4 (300 µm Slit)
Fiber Positioning System
Micrometer Screw Positioner - MICI
MICI 80
MICI 140
MICI 180
MICI 200
Piezo Gripper
Grippy Series
Fiber Gripper Series
Piezo Rotary Stage - ROTOR
Piezo Controller
Analogue System ENV
ENV amplifier modules
ENT main supply modules
casing
Digital System d-Drive
amplifier series EVD
interface EDS
casing
30DV50 OEM digital controller
30DV300 Digital OEM Controller
Digital System d-Drive pro
Piezo Controller 1 Channel Version
NV 40/1 CLE
NV 120/1 CLE
nano box
nano box USB
12V40 OEM controller
30V300 OEM controller
24DV40 Digital Piezo Controller
30DV50 OEM digital controller
30DV300 Digital OEM-Controller
Piezo Controller 3 Channel Version
NV 40/3
NV 40/3 CLE
Fiber Switches
Motion Control
SCANIUS LINE
SCANIUS ONE
SCANIUS TWO
Controller LC3
Piezocomposite/ hpower
Products
Stack Type Actuators
Ring Actuators
Shock Generators
Shaker
Piezo Amplifier
Analog Amplifiers
Analog Power Amplifiers
High-Power Switching Amplifiers
Feedback Control Amplifiers
High Voltage Pulsers
Applications for hpower
OEM Solutions
Applications
piezopedia
Piezo Theory/Piezoline
Terms & Annotations
Questions & Answers
Downloads & Publications
Technical Information
user manuals
drivers and programs
notes for mounting
Marketing Material
catalog
brochures
application notes
Unternehmenspolitik
Research Publications
Physics & Material Science
Optics
Interferometry & Spectroscopy
Biophysics
Biotech & Microscopy
Imaging
Chemistry
list all
Certifications
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
General
The following gives a simple overview of what happens to your personal information when you visit our website. Personal information is any data with which you could be personally identified. Detailed information on the subject of data protection can be found in our privacy policy found below.
Data collection on our website
Who is responsible for the data collection on this website?
The data collected on this website are processed by the website operator. The operator's contact details can be found in the website's required legal notice.
How do we collect your data?
Some data are collected when you provide it to us. This could, for example, be data you enter on a contact form.
Other data are collected automatically by our IT systems when you visit the website. These data are primarily technical data such as the browser and operating system you are using or when you accessed the page. These data are collected automatically as soon as you enter our website.
What do we use your data for?
Part of the data is collected to ensure the proper functioning of the website. Other data can be used to analyze how visitors use the site.
What rights do you have regarding your data?
You always have the right to request information about your stored data, its origin, its recipients, and the purpose of its collection at no charge. You also have the right to request that it be corrected, blocked, or deleted. You can contact us at any time using the address given in the legal notice if you have further questions about the issue of privacy and data protection. You may also, of course, file a complaint with the competent regulatory authorities.
Analytics and third-party tools
When visiting our website, statistical analyses may be made of your surfing behavior. This happens primarily using cookies and analytics. The analysis of your surfing behavior is usually anonymous, i.e. we will not be able to identify you from this data. You can object to this analysis or prevent it by not using certain tools. Detailed information can be found in the following privacy policy.
You can object to this analysis. We will inform you below about how to exercise your options in this regard.
2. General information and mandatory information
Data protection
The operators of this website take the protection of your personal data very seriously. We treat your personal data as confidential and in accordance with the statutory data protection regulations and this privacy policy.
If you use this website, various pieces of personal data will be collected. Personal information is any data with which you could be personally identified. This privacy policy explains what information we collect and what we use it for. It also explains how and for what purpose this happens.
Please note that data transmitted via the internet (e.g. via email communication) may be subject to security breaches. Complete protection of your data from third-party access is not possible.
Notice concerning the party responsible for this website
The party responsible for processing data on this website is:
Piezosystem Jena GmbHStockholmer Str. 12D 07747 Jena / Thür.Telefon: (+49) 3641 66 88-0Telefax: (+49) 3641 66 88 66eMail:    sales(at)piezojena.com
The responsible party is the natural or legal person who alone or jointly with others decides on the purposes and means of processing personal data (names, email addresses, etc.).
Revocation of your consent to the processing of your data
Many data processing operations are only possible with your express consent. You may revoke your consent at any time with future effect. An informal email making this request is sufficient. The data processed before we receive your request may still be legally processed.
Right to file complaints with regulatory authorities
If there has been a breach of data protection legislation, the person affected may file a complaint with the competent regulatory authorities. The competent regulatory authority for matters related to data protection legislation is the data protection officer of the German state in which our company is headquartered. A list of data protection officers and their contact details can be found at the following link:
https://www.bfdi.bund.de/DE/Infothek/Anschriften_Links/anschriften_links-node.html
.
Right to data portability
You have the right to have data which we process based on your consent or in fulfillment of a contract automatically delivered to yourself or to a third party in a standard, machine-readable format. If you require the direct transfer of data to another responsible party, this will only be done to the extent technically feasible.
SSL or TLS encryption
This site uses SSL or TLS encryption for security reasons and for the protection of the transmission of confidential content, such as the inquiries you send to us as the site operator. You can recognize an encrypted connection in your browser's address line when it changes from "http://" to "https://" and the lock icon is displayed in your browser's address bar.
If SSL or TLS encryption is activated, the data you transfer to us cannot be read by third parties.
Information, blocking, deletion
As permitted by law, you have the right to be provided at any time with information free of charge about any of your personal data that is stored as well as its origin, the recipient and the purpose for which it has been processed. You also have the right to have this data corrected, blocked or deleted. You can contact us at any time using the address given in our legal notice if you have further questions on the topic of personal data.
Opposition to promotional emails
We hereby expressly prohibit the use of contact data published in the context of website legal notice requirements with regard to sending promotional and informational materials not expressly requested. The website operator reserves the right to take specific legal action if unsolicited advertising material, such as email spam, is received.
Data protection officer
Statutory data protection officer
We have appointed a data protection officer for our company.
E-Mail: dsv(at)piezojena.com
Data collection on our website
Cookies
Some of our web pages use cookies. Cookies do not harm your computer and do not contain any viruses. Cookies help make our website more user-friendly, efficient, and secure. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer and saved by your browser.
Most of the cookies we use are so-called "session cookies." They are automatically deleted after your visit. Other cookies remain in your device's memory until you delete them. These cookies make it possible to recognize your browser when you next visit the site.
You can configure your browser to inform you about the use of cookies so that you can decide on a case-by-case basis whether to accept or reject a cookie. Alternatively, your browser can be configured to automatically accept cookies under certain conditions or to always reject them, or to automatically delete cookies when closing your browser. Disabling cookies may limit the functionality of this website.
Cookies which are necessary to allow electronic communications or to provide certain functions you wish to use (such as the shopping cart) are stored pursuant to Art. 6 paragraph 1, letter f of DSGVO. The website operator has a legitimate interest in the storage of cookies to ensure an optimized service provided free of technical errors. If other cookies (such as those used to analyze your surfing behavior) are also stored, they will be treated separately in this privacy policy.
Server log files
The website provider automatically collects and stores information that your browser automatically transmits to us in "server log files". These are:
Browser type and browser version
Operating system used
Referrer URL
Host name of the accessing computer
Time of the server request
IP address
These data will not be combined with data from other sources.
The basis for data processing is Art. 6 (1) (f) DSGVO, which allows the processing of data to fulfill a contract or for measures preliminary to a contract.
Contact form
Should you send us questions via the contact form, we will collect the data entered on the form, including the contact details you provide, to answer your question and any follow-up questions. We do not share this information without your permission.
We will, therefore, process any data you enter onto the contact form only with your consent per Art. 6 (1)(a) DSGVO. You may revoke your consent at any time. An informal email making this request is sufficient. The data processed before we receive your request may still be legally processed.
We will retain the data you provide on the contact form until you request its deletion, revoke your consent for its storage, or the purpose for its storage no longer pertains (e.g. after fulfilling your request). Any mandatory statutory provisions, especially those regarding mandatory data retention periods, remain unaffected by this provision.
Processing of data (customer and contract data)
We collect, process, and use personal data only insofar as it is necessary to establish, or modify legal relationships with us (master data). This is done based on Art. 6 (1) (b) DSGVO, which allows the processing of data to fulfill a contract or for measures preliminary to a contract. We collect, process and use your personal data when accessing our website (usage data) only to the extent required to enable you to access our service or to bill you for the same.
Collected customer data shall be deleted after completion of the order or termination of the business relationship. Legal retention periods remain unaffected.
Social media
Facebook plugins (Like & Share buttons)
Our website includes plugins for the social network Facebook, Facebook Inc., 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, California 94025, USA. The Facebook plugins can be recognized by the Facebook logo or the Like button on our site. For an overview of Facebook plugins, see
https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/
.
When you visit our site, a direct connection between your browser and the Facebook server is established via the plugin. This enables Facebook to receive information that you have visited our site from your IP address. If you click on the Facebook "Like button" while you are logged into your Facebook account, you can link the content of our site to your Facebook profile. This allows Facebook to associate visits to our site with your user account. Please note that, as the operator of this site, we have no knowledge of the content of the data transmitted to Facebook or of how Facebook uses these data. For more information, please see Facebook's privacy policy at
https://de-de.facebook.com/policy.php
.
If you do not want Facebook to associate your visit to our site with your Facebook account, please log out of your Facebook account.
Twitter plugin
Functions of the Twitter service have been integrated into our website and app. These features are offered by Twitter Inc., 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA. When you use Twitter and the “Retweet” function, the websites you visit are connected to your Twitter account and made known to other users. In doing so, data will also be transferred to Twitter. We would like to point out that, as the provider of these pages, we have no knowledge of the content of the data transmitted or how it will be used by Twitter. For more information on Twitter's privacy policy, please go to
https://twitter.com/privacy
.
Your privacy preferences with Twitter can be modified in your account settings at
https://twitter.com/account/settings
.
Google+ plugin
Our pages use Google+ functions. It is operated by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.
Collection and disclosure of information: Using the Google +1 button allows you to publish information worldwide. By means of the Google+ button, you and other users can receive custom content from Google and our partners. Google stores both the fact that you have +1'd a piece of content and information about the page you were viewing when you clicked +1. Your +1 can be displayed together with your profile name and photo in Google services, for example in search results or in your Google profile, or in other places on websites and advertisements on the Internet.
Google records information about your +1 activities to improve Google services for you and others. To use the Google + button, you need a globally visible, public Google profile that must contain at least the name chosen for the profile. This name is used by all Google services. In some cases, this name may also replace a different name that you have used to share content via your Google account. The identity of your Google profile can be shown to users who know your email address or other information that can identify you.
Use of collected data: In addition to the uses mentioned above, the information you provide is used in accordance with the applicable Google data protection policies. Google may publish summary statistics about users' +1 activity or share it with users and partners, such as publishers, advertisers, or affiliate websites.
XING Plugin
Our website uses features provided by the XING network. The provider is XING AG, Dammtorstraße 29-32, 20354 Hamburg, Germany.
Each time one of our pages containing XING features is accessed, your browser establishes a direct connection to the XING servers. To the best of our knowledge, no personal data is stored in the process. In particular, no IP addresses are stored nor is usage behavior evaluated.
For more information about data protection and the XING Share button, please see the XING privacy policy at
https://www.xing.com/app/share?op=data_protection
.
Analytics and advertising
Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service. It is operated by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.
Google Analytics uses so-called "cookies". These are text files that are stored on your computer and that allow an analysis of the use of the website by you. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is usually transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there.
Google Analytics cookies are stored based on Art. 6 (1) (f) DSGVO. The website operator has a legitimate interest in analyzing user behavior to optimize both its website and its advertising.
IP anonymization
We have activated the IP anonymization feature on this website. Your IP address will be shortened by Google within the European Union or other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area prior to transmission to the United States. Only in exceptional cases is the full IP address sent to a Google server in the US and shortened there. Google will use this information on behalf of the operator of this website to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on website activity, and to provide other services regarding website activity and Internet usage for the website operator. The IP address transmitted by your browser as part of Google Analytics will not be merged with any other data held by Google.
Browser plugin
You can prevent these cookies being stored by selecting the appropriate settings in your browser. However, we wish to point out that doing so may mean you will not be able to enjoy the full functionality of this website. You can also prevent the data generated by cookies about your use of the website (incl. your IP address) from being passed to Google, and the processing of these data by Google, by downloading and installing the browser plugin available at the following link:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
.
Objecting to the collection of data
You can prevent the collection of your data by Google Analytics by clicking on the following link. An opt-out cookie will be set to prevent your data from being collected on future visits to this site: Disable Google Analytics.
For more information about how Google Analytics handles user data, see Google's privacy policy:
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en
.
Outsourced data processing
We have entered into an agreement with Google for the outsourcing of our data processing and fully implement the strict requirements of the German data protection authorities when using Google Analytics.
Demographic data collection by Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics' demographic features. This allows reports to be generated containing statements about the age, gender, and interests of site visitors. This data comes from interest-based advertising from Google and third-party visitor data. This collected data cannot be attributed to any specific individual person. You can disable this feature at any time by adjusting the ads settings in your Google account or you can forbid the collection of your data by Google Analytics as described in the section "Refusal of data collection".
Google Analytics Remarketing
Our websites use the features of Google Analytics Remarketing combined with the cross-device capabilities of Google AdWords and DoubleClick. This service is provided by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.
This feature makes it possible to link target audiences for promotional marketing created with Google Analytics Remarketing to the cross-device capabilities of Google AdWords and Google DoubleClick. This allows advertising to be displayed based on your personal interests, identified based on your previous usage and surfing behavior on one device (e.g. your mobile phone), on other devices (such as a tablet or computer).
Once you have given your consent, Google will associate your web and app browsing history with your Google Account for this purpose. That way, any device that signs in to your Google Account can use the same personalized promotional messaging.
To support this feature, Google Analytics collects Google-authenticated IDs of users that are temporarily linked to our Google Analytics data to define and create audiences for cross-device ad promotion.
You can permanently opt out of cross-device remarketing/targeting by turning off personalized advertising in your Google Account; follow this link:
https://www.google.com/settings/ads/onweb/
.
The aggregation of the data collected in your Google Account data is based solely on your consent, which you may give or withdraw from Google per Art. 6 (1) (a) DSGVO. For data collection operations not merged into your Google Account (for example, because you do not have a Google Account or have objected to the merge), the collection of data is based on Art. 6 (1) (f) DSGVO. The website operator has a legitimate interest in analyzing anonymous user behavior for promotional purposes.
For more information and the Google Privacy Policy, go to:
https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads/
.
Google AdWords and Google Conversion Tracking
This website uses Google AdWords. AdWords is an online advertising program from Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, United States ("Google").
As part of Google AdWords, we use so-called conversion tracking. When you click on an ad served by Google, a conversion tracking cookie is set. Cookies are small text files that your internet browser stores on your computer. These cookies expire after 30 days and are not used for personal identification of the user. Should the user visit certain pages of the website and the cookie has not yet expired, Google and the website can tell that the user clicked on the ad and proceeded to that page.
Each Google AdWords advertiser has a different cookie. Thus, cookies cannot be tracked using the website of an AdWords advertiser. The information obtained using the conversion cookie is used to create conversion statistics for the AdWords advertisers who have opted for conversion tracking. Customers are told the total number of users who clicked on their ad and were redirected to a conversion tracking tag page. However, advertisers do not obtain any information that can be used to personally identify users. If you do not want to participate in tracking, you can opt-out of this by easily disabling the Google Conversion Tracking cookie by changing your browser settings. In doing so, you will not be included in the conversion tracking statistics.
Conversion cookies are stored based on Art. 6 (1) (f) DSGVO. The website operator has a legitimate interest in analyzing user behavior to optimize both its website and its advertising.
For more information about Google AdWords and Google Conversion Tracking, see the Google Privacy Policy:
https://www.google.de/policies/privacy/
.
You can configure your browser to inform you about the use of cookies so that you can decide on a case-by-case basis whether to accept or reject a cookie. Alternatively, your browser can be configured to automatically accept cookies under certain conditions or to always reject them, or to automatically delete cookies when closing your browser. Disabling cookies may limit the functionality of this website.
Newsletter
Newsletter data
If you would like to receive our newsletter, we require a valid email address as well as information that allows us to verify that you are the owner of the specified email address and that you agree to receive this newsletter. No additional data is collected or is only collected on a voluntary basis. We only use this data to send the requested information and do not pass it on to third parties.
We will, therefore, process any data you enter onto the contact form only with your consent per Art. 6 (1) (a) DSGVO. You can revoke consent to the storage of your data and email address as well as their use for sending the newsletter at any time, e.g. through the "unsubscribe" link in the newsletter. The data processed before we receive your request may still be legally processed.
The data provided when registering for the newsletter will be used to distribute the newsletter until you cancel your subscription when said data will be deleted. Data we have stored for other purposes (e.g. email addresses for the members area) remain unaffected.
Plugins and tools
YouTube
Our website uses plugins from YouTube, which is operated by Google. The operator of the pages is YouTube LLC, 901 Cherry Ave., San Bruno, CA 94066, USA.
If you visit one of our pages featuring a YouTube plugin, a connection to the YouTube servers is established. Here the YouTube server is informed about which of our pages you have visited.
If you're logged in to your YouTube account, YouTube allows you to associate your browsing behavior directly with your personal profile. You can prevent this by logging out of your YouTube account.
YouTube is used to help make our website appealing. This constitutes a justified interest pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (f) DSGVO.
Further information about handling user data, can be found in the data protection declaration of YouTube under
https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy
.
Google Web Fonts
For uniform representation of fonts, this page uses web fonts provided by Google. When you open a page, your browser loads the required web fonts into your browser cache to display texts and fonts correctly.
For this purpose your browser has to establish a direct connection to Google servers. Google thus becomes aware that our web page was accessed via your IP address. The use of Google Web fonts is done in the interest of a uniform and attractive presentation of our website. This constitutes a justified interest pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (f) DSGVO.
If your browser does not support web fonts, a standard font is used by your computer.
Further information about handling user data, can be found at
https://developers.google.com/fonts/faq
and in Google's privacy policy at
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
.
Google Maps
This site uses the Google Maps map service via an API. It is operated by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.
To use Google Maps, it is necessary to save your IP address. This information is generally transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there. The provider of this site has no influence on this data transfer.
The use of Google Maps is in the interest of making our website appealing and to facilitate the location of places specified by us on the website. This constitutes a justified interest pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (f) DSGVO.
Further information about handling user data, can be found in the data protection declaration of Google at
https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy/
.
Contactpiezosystem jena GmbHStockholmer Str. 1207747 Jena Tel. +49 3641 66 88 0Fax +49 3641 66 88 66 E-Mail: info(at)piezojena.com
piezosystem jena, Inc. (USA)2B Rosenfeld DriveHopedale, MA 01747USA Tel: +1 (508)634-6688Fax: +1 (508)634-6868 E-Mail: contact(at)psj-usa.comwww.piezosystem.com
DistributorsTrade showsNewsSubscribe to our newsletter
Copyright © 2004 – 2015 piezosystem jena GmbH.Alle Rechte vorbehalten.
terms & conditions|Privacy Policy|disclaimer|sitemap|notice
+1 (508) 634-6688U.S. Office
+49 (3641)-6688 0German Office Please contact our technical staff for further assistance. Together with you we will find a solution for your needs. e-mail address: info@piezojena.com
quick contact
contact sheet
name*
company/institution*
e-mail*
country*
Please choose... Afghanistan Åland Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory British Virgin Islands Brunei Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo-Brazzaville Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d’Ivoire Croatia Cuba Curaçao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroes Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Honduras Hong Kong SAR of China Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao SAR of China Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island North Korea Northern Marianas Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestine Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Islands Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Barthélemy Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Martin Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa San Marino São Tomé e Príncipe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Sint Maarten Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands South Korea South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand The Bahamas Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States United States Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay US Virgin Islands Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Vietnam Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Other country
quotation/ callback
By submitting I confirm the privacy notices in particular according to Art. 13 GDPR.
Don't fill this field!
* This field must be filled!
We will get in touch with you as soon as possible. partners worldwide