https://www.busfurn.com/products/privacy-wall/
Skip to content
Request A Quote
View RequestRequest a quote for this item and we'll contact you as soon as possible to discuss options, finishes and pricing.
Features
For Today + The FutureVisual + Acoustical PrivacySignature Image
For Today + The Future
PLAN FOR TODAY + FOR THE FUTURE
PLAN FOR TODAY + FOR THE FUTURE
Teams in today’s more open environments need privacy that is immediately accessible to them. Privacy Wall and Privacy Wall GS allow you to meet these needs.
Move your walls to change with your changing needs.
Integrated, modular walls and the Architectural Solutions provide on demand flexibility in meeting your workspace’s future needs.
Visual + Acoustical Privacy
SUPPORT VISUAL + ACOUSTICAL PRIVACY
SUPPORT VISUAL + ACOUSTICAL PRIVACY
Glass panels, or solid panels with clerestory windows, allow you to choose the appropriate level of visual privacy.
Steelcase offers 9 “graded” glass options in alliance with Bendheim, the largest provider of specialty glass in North America. The full range of Bendheim glass options and their varying levels of light transmission ensure both desired level of privacy and aesthetic look.
Signature Image
CREATE A SIGNATURE IMAGE
CREATE A SIGNATURE IMAGE
Wide aesthetic range.
Support your corporate image with options that range from painted steel, to fabric, to glass, and more.
Customization alternatives to address architectural direction.
Custom match paints, fabrics, vinyl, glass and veneer.
Insights
Real Value FlexibleEnvironmentalEfficient
Real Value
REAL VALUE
REAL VALUE
Could anything be cheaper than drywall?
Privacy Wall can save time and money by shortening the construction schedule. Time savings plus tax benefits equal real value
Flexible
FLEXIBLE
FLEXIBLE
Ever tried to move a drywall wall? Take Privacy Wall apart and put it back together as often as you need to change. Your interior architecture can keep adapting, even during office hours. Try that with drywall.
Environmental
ENVIRONMENTAL
ENVIRONMENTAL
Privacy Wall is made with 30% recycled materials, is 70% recyclable and 100% reusable. Privacy Wall can contribute to LEED® certification and is the first moveable wall to be MBDC Cradle to Cradle™ certified.
Drywall is primarily gypsum plaster, a semi-hydrous form of calcium sulfate (CaSO4.½ H2O) with raw gypsum that must be calcined before use. Say that three times fast.
Efficient
EFFICIENT
EFFICIENT
Steelcase and your local Steelcase dealer simplify the management of your interior architecture and furniture. With a single source for ideas, quality and service, you get everything you need to create and maintain a great space.
So maybe you won’t be able to write “clean me” in the drywall dust on the conference table, but think of all the vacuum bags you’ll save.
For more product details about Privacy Wall modular walls and demountable partitions, please visit Steelcase or contact Levon Fleming.