https://www.quick220.com/page/cp-store-policies.html
Call 1-800-347-0394 U.S. & Canada The Company Warranty Contact Us Privacy Policy View cart: 0 item(s) | Checkout
Home Voltage Converters Plug Adapters Power Strips Power Cords Test Equipment Applications
Quick 220® Electrical Systems is serving you during this COVID-19 emergency.We are answering phones and are shipping from our manufacturing facility in Phoenix, Arizona.
Please call us between 8:00AM and 4:30PM Pacific Time, Monday through Friday, at 1-800-347-0394 or 1-602-938-6057.We wish you a safe recovery.
Store Policies Prices are in U.S. Dollars Shipping and Handling - United States and Canada
Shipping amounts
and options may be seen at any time on items added to
the "Cart" by clicking "View Cart" button, and entering destination information requested.
Canadian Orders
Your credit card is charged US dollars.  Currency conversion is done by your credit card company.  Taxes and collection fees are paid by the customer at time of delivery.
Orders to Destinations outside the United States or Canada
Your credit card is charged US dollars.  Currency conversion is done by your credit card company.  Any taxes, duties and collection fees are paid by the customer at time of delivery. We will contact you on shipping charges when you order, or you may call us at 1-602-938-6057.
Return Policy
You may return any undamaged Quick 220® Voltage Converting Power Supply within 30 days for full refund less shipping charges.  Other items may be returned within 30 days for full refund less shipping charges if in original, undamaged packaging with all included product materials.  Prior to returning, please contact us by phone or e-mail for instructions to assure the product is properly identified for credit. Privacy Policy What information do we collect? We collect information from you when you place an order. Any data we request that is not required will be specified as voluntary or optional. When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.Like most websites, we use cookies to enhance your experience, gather general visitor information, and track visits to our website. Please refer to the 'do we use cookies?' section below for information about cookies and how we use them.What do we use your information for? Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways: • To process transactionsYour information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested by the customer. • To send periodic emailsThe email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order or request, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, promotions, related product or service information, etc.How do we protect your information? We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order. These security measures include: password protected directories and databases to safeguard your information, SSL (Secure Sockets Layered) technology to ensure that your information is fully encrypted and sent across the Internet securely or PCI Scanning to actively protect our servers from hackers and other vulnerabilities.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will .Do we use cookies? Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.Do we disclose any information to outside parties? We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.California Online Privacy Protection Act ComplianceBecause we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.CAN-SPAM Compliance We have taken the necessary steps to ensure that we are compliant with the CAN-SPAM Act of 2003 by never sending out misleading information.Online Privacy Policy Only This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.Terms and Conditions Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at http://www.quick220.com/page/cp-store-policies.html.Your Consent By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.Changes to our Privacy Policy If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will update the Privacy Policy modification date below. Policy changes will apply only to information collected after the date of the change. This policy was last modified on November 24, 2017Contacting Us If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below. www.quick220.com2432 W Peoria Ave, Suite 1094Phoenix, Arizona 85029United Statessales@quick220.com602-938-6057Privacy Policy Customer Pledge
We pledge to you, our customer, that we have made a dedicated effort to bring our privacy policy in line with the the following important privacy laws and initiatives:Federal Trade Commision FairCalifornia Online Privacy Protection ActChildrens Online Privacy Protection ActPrivacy AllianceControlling the Assault of Non-Solicited Pornography and Marketing ActTrust Guard Privacy Requirements
Home Voltage Converters Plug Adapters Power Strips Power Cords Outlet Tester Warranty Contact Us Find us on Google+ The Company Store Policies Site Map Blog
Quick 220® Electrical Systems
Diamond H Company LLC
2432 W Peoria Ave, B6 Suite 1094, Phoenix, Arizona 85029-4731 USA
Phone: 1-800-347-0394 (US & Canada) or 1-602-938-6057 Fax: 1-602-862-0215 Quick 220® is a US registered trademark. Copyright 2003-2013, Diamond H Company, LLC