http://www.pixel-velocity.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy PolicyPixel Velocity2019-04-10T20:06:52+00:00
PIXEL VELOCITY®PRIVACY POLICYPIXEL VELOCITY® INCORPORATED ONLINE PRIVACY POLICYPIXEL VELOCITY® INCORPORATED ONLINE PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) explains the information collected by Pixel Velocity® Incorporated (“us,” “we” or “Pixel”) from visitors to its web site, pixelvelocity-staging.coydhea2-liquidwebsites.com (the “Site”) and how we use it.  Visitors to the Site are referred to as “Visitors” or “you.”
How you accept this Policy.  You accept this Policy by visiting the Site or by otherwise providing us with “Information,” defined below, including personally identifiable information.
Information we collect that is not personally-identifiable:
We may use anonymous information and Information in the aggregate for any lawful purpose, such as to improve the Site, improve visitor experience at the Site, to understand how the Site is used, to communicate with Visitors, to monitor the security and integrity of the Site, and to analyze our operations.
We may send a “cookie” or “pixel tag” to your device that contains an identification number unique to the device you are using.  You may decline to provide such information to us and/or refuse cookies in your browser, although some of the Site features may not function properly as a result and/or may be unavailable to you.
We may also use data about (a) the device you used to access the Site or to transmit Information (such as hardware model, operating system version, unique device identifiers, and mobile network information including phone number); (b) log information (Internet Protocol address, browser type, system activity, hardware settings, browser settings and language, date and time of access, last URL visited, cookies, how you used the Site); (c) cookies that may uniquely identify your browser; (d) log information such as your phone number, calling-party number, forwarding numbers, time and date of calls, duration of calls, SMS routing information and types of calls; and (e) if you enable Site features that are enabled for location detection, we may collect information about your actual location (such as GPS signals).
What we collect about you that is personally identifiable (“PI”) and how we use it: We do not collect information that is personally identifiable unless you provide it to us (such as your name and email address) so that you can receive further communications from us, including advertising and promotion.  Your provision of PI constitutes “opting in” to receiving commercial messages from Pixel, to the extent laws applicable to you or Pixel require such “opt in” mechanisms.  You can opt out of receiving future emails and electronic communications.  We may disclose PI as required by law and/or in response to service of legal process, such as a court order, summons, subpoena, and the like.  We use PI to investigate and verify proper conduct at the Site, and to monitor the security and integrity of the Site.  Other than Agents, we do not share your PI with third parties.  We do not sell your PI to third parties.
Agents:  An “Agent” is any third party that collects or uses personal information under the instructions of, and solely for, Pixel, or a third party to which Pixel discloses personal information for use on Pixel’s behalf.  Agents shall comply with the privacy obligations stated in this Policy.
PI that we have previously collected:  If you have provided PI to us and wish to revoke our use of it, you will need to email us a written request to cease use of your name, physical address, and/or email address.  We are not required to alter or delete information stored for purposes of backup or disaster recovery.
Information about children.  We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13.
Links to other websites:  We may provide links to third party websites.  We are not responsible for the content or information collection practices of those sites, including their privacy policies.  Please review the privacy policies of such sites.
Changes to this policy:  If we make any significant changes to this policy, we will notify you by email, or post a notice of such changes on the Sites, or flag our Online Privacy Policy on the Sites as updated.
Place of business; Governing law.  The Site is delivered from, and the relationship created between you and Pixel through this Policy, is deemed to take place in Ann Arbor, Michigan USA.  The Policy is entered into and performed in Ann Arbor (Washtenaw County), Michigan USA.  The Policy does not give rise to personal jurisdiction over Pixel, either specific or general, in jurisdictions other than Michigan.  The terms of this Policy, including their validity and enforceability, is governed by the internal substantive laws of the State of Michigan, without respect to its conflict of laws principles.
Dispute resolution.  The parties shall attempt to resolve any disputes through good faith business negotiations or facilitative mediation in Ann Arbor, Michigan.  All disputes or claims arising out of or relating to this Policy (including the alleged breach thereof) shall be settled by arbitration, to be conducted by a single arbitrator in Ann Arbor, Michigan, by and in accordance with the then effective commercial rules of the American Arbitration Association; provided that the arbitrator shall not have authority to issue injunctions.  The costs of the arbitration and the reasonable attorneys’ fees of the prevailing party shall be included in any award rendered by the arbitrator.  The proceedings shall be conducted only in the English language.  Judgment upon the award may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof.  Other legal proceedings, if any, shall be initiated and maintained in Washtenaw County, Michigan, or in the U.S. District Court of the Eastern District of Michigan, Southern Division.  The parties expressly submit to the exclusive personal jurisdiction and venue of these courts and waive any objection on the grounds of personal jurisdiction, venue, or forum non conveniens
Severability.  If any portion of this Policy is found to be unenforceable, such portion will be modified to reflect the intent of the parties set forth in such portion and only to the extent necessary to make it enforceable.  The remaining provisions will remain in full force and effect.
Effective date:  This Policy is effective June 15, 2015.
Contact.  Please contact us with any questions you may have about our privacy policy:Pixel Velocity® Incorporated
PO Box 2566
Ann Arbor, MI 48106
Telephone:  (734) 213-3715
Facsimile:  (734) 369-5031
Email:  privacy@pixel-velocity.com
https://www.pixel-velocity.com
LEARN MORE ABOUT EVENT VELOCITY
×
Go to Top