http://www.ciranda.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Ciranda’s Commitment to Privacy
Privacy Policy: Ciranda, Inc. ("Ciranda") is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy sets out Ciranda's policy with respect to our collection, use and disclosure of personal information.
Contact Information: Ciranda welcomes your comments regarding this Privacy Policy. If you have questions regarding our data collection practices, our adherence to this Policy, or if you wish to review, edit, or request deletion of your personal information, please contact our marketing department; by e-mail at marketing@ciranda.com or by phone 715-386-1737 and we will use reasonable commercial efforts to address any concerns that you may have.
Collection of Personal Information: From time to time in your dealings with Ciranda, you may provide us with personal information. Personal information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy means information that can be used to personally identify you, but does not include a business name, title or business address or business telephone number. By ordering from or otherwise doing business with Ciranda, you consent to Ciranda's use and processing of personal information provided by you. The basis for this processing is to perform services for you under an applicable contract, purchase order or otherwise perform an activity or service that you have requested.
Use and Disclosure of Personal Information: Except in the case of a possible sale of all or substantially all of the assets of Ciranda, Ciranda will not sell, trade or rent your personal information to any third party unless we have your consent. We will only use and/or disclose personal information in order to:
Understand and meet your needs and preferences;
Develop new and enhance existing service and product offerings;
Manage and develop our business and operations; and
Meet legal and regulatory requirements.
Except where we are required by law to disclose personal information, we will require any person to whom we provide your personal information upon your consent to agree to comply with our then current Privacy Policy. We will take reasonable commercial efforts to ensure that they comply with our Privacy Policy; however, we will have no liability to you if any person fails to do so. We do not sell, rent or otherwise provide your personal data to third parties, except that we may share personal data with the following categories of third parties 1) third parties who assist Ciranda in processing purchases who have a need to know this information; 2) third parties, which provide professional services to us and who have a need to know this information, e.g. business consultants, 3) law enforcement or government authorities (only when required)
Security of Your Personal Information: Our site has security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse and unauthorized alteration of the information under our control.
The personal information you provide will be kept confidential and used by Ciranda to support your customer relationship with us. Among other things, we want to alert you to product information, changes, special offers, and product promotions. Agents or contractors of Ciranda who have access to your personal information are also required to keep the information confidential and not use it for any other purpose than to carry out the services they are performing for Ciranda on your behalf.
Ciranda may from time to time send you information about our various products and services, or other products and services we feel may be of interest to you. Only Ciranda (or agents working on our behalf and under confidentiality agreements) will send you these direct mailings. If you do not want to receive such mailings, simply tell us when you give us your personal information. Or, at any time you can easily stop receiving further marketing from us by contacting our marketing department by e-mail at marketing@ciranda.com or by phone at 715-386-1737 and request your removal from our mailing list. Ciranda will not disclose your Personal Information to any outside organization for its use in marketing without your consent nor will your personal information or your orders and the products you purchase be given or sold to any outside organization for its use in marketing or solicitation without your consent. However, your personal information may be shared with agents or contractors of Ciranda for the purpose of performing services for us for your benefit.
Ciranda will keep your personal information no longer than necessary. The length of time will depend on any legal obligations we may have (e.g. taxes, etc), the nature of any contracts we have with you, the possession of your consent, and any legitimate business purposes Ciranda may have.
Third-Party Sites: Please be aware that other websites that may be accessed through Ciranda's website may collect personally identifiable information about you. The information practices of those third-party websites are not covered by this Privacy Policy.
You are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your passwords or any account information. Please be careful and responsible whenever you are online. If you post personal information online that is accessible to the public, you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return. While we strive to protect your personal information, Ciranda cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk.
International Users: If you are located outside of the United States, please note that this website is hosted on our computer servers in the United States. Any personal information collected through this website may be transferred to the United States and other countries that might not provide an equivalent level of protection as the data protection laws in your home country. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure your personal information remains protected and secure during this transfer in accordance with applicable data protection and privacy laws. Notwithstanding, your use of this website or submission of any personal information constitutes your consent to the transfer of your personal information outside of your home country.
Changes to this Privacy Policy: Ciranda will occasionally update this Privacy Policy to reflect company and customer feedback or changes to privacy legislation. We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy to be informed on how Ciranda is protecting your personal information.
Withdrawal of Consent: Except as required by law, we will not use or disclose your personal information for any purpose for which you refuse us consent or later withdraw your consent. If you withdraw consent, you agree that despite this withdrawal we may continue to use the personal information previously provided to us to the extent that we are contractually obligated to do so and to the extent necessary to enforce any contractual obligations you may have to Ciranda. You also understand that although you can use our site for some purposes without providing us with any personal information, we need personal information about you for some services, including those that require payment or involve an ongoing relationship with Ciranda or our partners. If you refuse to provide us with the information we require or later withdraw your consent to use and disclose this information, we may no longer be able to provide you with these services.
Effective Date: August 6, 2019
Main navigation
Ingredients
About
News & Events
Quality
Service
Sustainability
Careers
Contact