https://www.gvkbio.com/privacy-notice.php
Locations
Management Team
About GVK BIO
Manufacturing Solutions
Integrated Drug Discovery
Development Solutions
Discovery Solutions
Get in Touch
Events
×
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice for Customers
GVK Biosciences Private Ltd. (herein referred to as, “GVK BIO”, “we”, “our”, “us”, “company”) is committed to protect the privacy and security of personal data of the persons dealing with us from your organization that we collect, process and store. This Notice describes how we collect and use personal data about individual, during and after your working relationship with us, in accordance with the data protection regulations.
As a Contract Research and Development Organization, we wish to keep and process data about you for:
Our Sales and marketing activities
Administration of operational activities
Administration of information systems
Manage our relationship with you and your organization effectively, lawfully and appropriately.
Meeting legal obligations and compliance requirements, and for other customary business purposes.
Processing includes without limitation, collection, recording, organization, structuring, storage, adaptation, alteration, retrieval, consultation, and use, disclosure by transmission, erasure or destruction of your personal data.
Personal Data may include: Personal details including but not limited to name, title, addresses, post code, telephone numbers, mobile number, email address, gender, age, occupation, signatures and any other relevant information about you and disclosed by you.
Transfer of Personal Data: As a global business, we may transfer your personal data to servers, entities and partners. Your data may also be shared with other trusted third parties based in other countries so that they may process personal data on our behalf to meet your business requirements, if any. The personal data that belongs to you will not be transferred to any third party for storage purposes. It will only be transferred to trusted third parties in accordance to your business needs. By providing us with your personal data or using any applications of GVK BIO, you agree to doing so in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Notice and applicable data protection laws and regulations. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with our data protection policy, which is in line with applicable data protection legislation. GVK BIO may permit certain third-party companies to help GVK BIO tailor the advertising that it thinks may be of interest to you, based on your use of our Website. If you do not want to receive any advertisements directed towards you, you can let us know at data.protection@gvkbio.com.
It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your personal data changes, by emailing us at data.protection@gvkbio.com.
We have put in place measures to protect the security of your data. We have established procedures to deal with any suspected data security breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a suspected breach where we are legally required to do so.
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
In certain circumstances, you have the right to request from us: (a) access to your personal data, (b) rectify or erase your personal data, (c) restrict processing your personal data, (d) object to processing your personal data, (e) request for data portability and (f) right to object to automated decision-making and profiling. We may refuse to comply with your request if your request for exercising your rights is clearly unfounded. You have the right to lodge a complaint at any time to the regional supervisory authority for data protection issues.
If you have any questions about this Notice or how we handle your personal data, please contact us at data.protection@gvkbio.com
Privacy Notice for Vendors
GVK Biosciences Private Ltd. (herein referred to as, “GVK BIO”, “we”, “our”, “us”, “company”) is committed to protect the privacy and security of your personal data that we process. This Notice describes how we collect and use personal data about you, during and after your working relationship with us, in accordance with the data protection regulations. This Notice applies to all third party service providers including but not limited to consultants, vendors, company contacts, lawyers and all other third party relations.
We are responsible for deciding how we store, use, and process your personal data. Depending on our relationship with you, we need to keep and process data about you for normal administrative purposes including hiring, entering into a service contract with you, complying with legal obligations, and record keeping purposes including contacting you for suitable opportunities that may arise in future. Processing will include collection, recording, organization, structuring, storage, adaptation, alteration, retrieval, consultation, and use, disclosure by transmission, erasure or destruction of your personal data.
We may process the following categories of personal data about you, depending on our relationship with you:
Personal details including but not limited to name, title, mobile number, corporate/personal email address, date of birth, emergency contact details, photographs, signatures.
National ID details including but not limited to Passport number, driving license, national identification numbers such as PAN, Aadhaar.
CCTV footage and other data obtained through electronic means.
Financial details including but not limited to bank account number, cancelled cheque.
Place of stay, Hotel name and address.
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it. We will keep and use it to enable us to run the business and manage our relationship with you effectively, lawfully and appropriately, whilst you are associated with us, and after our association ends. If you fail to provide this data, we may not be able to fulfil our contractual obligation, or we may be prevented from complying with our legal obligations. It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your working relationship with us, by emailing us on data.protection@gvkbio.com.
As a global business, we may transfer your personal data to servers, entities and partners. Your data may also be shared with other trusted third parties based in other countries so that they may process personal data on our behalf to meet your business requirements, if any. The personal data that belongs to you will not be transferred to any third party for storage purposes. It will only be transferred to trusted third parties in accordance to your business needs. By providing us with your personal data or using any applications of GVK BIO, you agree to doing so in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Notice and applicable data protection laws and regulations. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with our data protection policy, which is in line with applicable data protection legislation. GVK BIO may permit certain third-party companies to help GVK BIO tailor the advertising that it thinks may be of interest to you, based on your use of our Website. If you do not want to receive any advertisements directed towards you, you can let us know at data.protection@gvkbio.com.
We have put in place measures to protect the security of your data. We have established procedures to deal with any suspected data security breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a suspected breach where we are legally required to do so.
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
In certain circumstances, you have the right to request from us: (a) access to your personal data, (b) rectify or erase your personal data, (c) restrict processing your personal data, (d) object to processing your personal data, (e) request for data portability and (f) right to object to automated decision-making and profiling. We may charge a reasonable fee if your request for exercising your rights is clearly unfounded or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with the request in such circumstances.
You have the right to lodge a complaint at any time to the regional supervisory authority for data protection issues.
If you have any questions about this Notice or how we handle your personal data, please contact us at data.protection@gvkbio.com.
Privacy Notice for Applicants
Thank you for applying to GVK BIO Sciences Private Limited (“GVK BIO Sciences”, “we”). We have received your application and our Recruitment team will be assessing your CV. In order to manage your recruitment and hiring activities, we may process your personal data relating to you, including but not limited to, Name, Occupation, Place of birth, Date of birth, Nationality, Contact number, Email ID, Address, Religion, Gender, Marital status, Height, Weight, Blood group, Physical disability, Designation, Date of birth, Age, Occupation, Academic qualifications (course name, score, university, years, specialization), Current designation, Notice period, Reason for leaving, Current CTC, No. of years of work experience.
The information you have shared is safe with us. In this regard, we have implemented safeguards which are designed to protect your personal data against misuse or breach. We only keep personal data for as long as we need for compliance purposes. You are in full control of your personal data, and where applicable, you have the right to request from us:
(a) Access to your personal data,
(b) Rectify or erase your personal data,
(c) Restrict processing your personal data,
(d) Object to processing your personal data, and
(e) Request for data portability.
As part of hiring activities, we may share your personal data with other group companies of GVK BIO Sciences and relevant third parties. We ensure that recipients respect the security of your data and to treat it in accordance with our instructions, and applicable laws on data protection.
In case of any concerns, updates, or further information on how GVK BIO Sciences processes your personal data, please write to us on data.protection@gvkbio.com.
Thank you for the interest you have expressed in being a part of our organization.
OUR SOLUTIONS
Discovery Solutions
Development Solutions
Integrated Solutions
Manufacturing Solutions
Knowledge Hub
Blog
Brochures
Publications
Whitepapers
Affiliated Websites
Aragen Bioscience
Excelra Knowledge Solutions
About us
Events
Media
Careers
Let’s talk
© 2020 GVK Biosciences Private Limited. All Rights Reserved
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Privacy Notice - Customers/Vendors/Job Applicants