https://www.financialsoftware.co.uk/privacy-policy/
PRIVACY POLICY
At Financial Software Limited we are committed to protecting and preserving the privacy of our visitors when visiting our website or communicating with us. This Privacy Policy contains an explanation of what happens to personal data that you choose to provide to us, or that we collect from you when you visit this website. Our Privacy Policy should be read in conjunction with our terms of website use.
Our contact details should you need to contact us are as follows:
FINANCIAL SOFTWARE LIMITED (Company No. 02959347)
3rd Floor,
21 Great Winchester Street,
London EC2N 2JA
Email: info@financialsoftware.co.uk
Telephone:  020 7011 9940
We are registered with the UK Information Commissioner’s Office, number Z2764957.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
In running and operating this website we may collect and process certain data and information relating to you and your use of this website. This data and information is detailed below:
Details of your visits to our website and the pages and resources that are accessed, including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data and other communication data that may assist us in understanding how visitors generally use this website.
Information that you provide to us as a result of filling in forms on our website, such as when registering for information.
Information provided to us when you communicate with us electronically for any reason.
Date and information that we may collect under 1 and 2 above includes your name, address, email address and phone number.
COLLECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our website.
A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer if you agree. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer’s hard drive.
WE USE THE FOLLOWING COOKIES:
Strictly necessary cookies.These are cookies that are required for the operation of our website. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our website.
Analytical/performance cookies.These cookies allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
Functionality cookies.These are used to recognise you when you return to our website. This enables us to personalise our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).
Targeting cookies.These cookies record your visit to our website, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We will use this information to make our website and the advertising displayed on it more relevant to your interests. We may also share this information with third parties for this purpose.
Please note that third parties (including, for example, providers of external services like web traffic analysis services) may also use cookies, over which we have no control. These cookies are likely to be analytical/performance cookies or targeting cookies.
You block cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of our website.
USE OF YOUR INFORMATION
The information we collect is used for our own use in developing and improving our website. In addition, we may use the information:
to administer our website and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes.
as part of our efforts to keep our website safe and secure.
to provide you with information relating to our website, products or our services that you request from us.
to provide you with information on other products that we feel may be of interest to your corporate organisation.
to meet our contractual obligations to you.
to notify you about any changes to our website, including improvements, and service or product changes that may affect our website.
If you are an existing corporate customer, we may contact you with information about products and services similar to those that you have expressed an interest in previously via our website. Finally, we may use your data, or allow carefully selected third parties to use your data, so that you can be provided with information about unrelated goods and services which we consider are likely to be of interest to your corporate organisation. We or they may contact you about these goods and services by any of the methods that you consented to at the time your information was collected. If you are a new customer, we will only contact you or allow third parties to contact you when you have provided consent and, only by those means you provided consent for. If you do not want us to use your data for our or third parties use then you will always have the option to object to such use.
STORING YOUR PERSONAL DATA
Information that we collect may on occasion be transferred and stored outside of the European Union for the purpose of supplying our goods or services to you. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will always take all reasonable precautions to make sure that your data remains secure and is handled in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Data that is provided to us is stored on our secure servers. Details relating to any transactions entered into on our website will be encrypted to ensure its safety.
The transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure and therefore we cannot guarantee the security of data sent to us electronically and transmission of such data is therefore entirely at your own risk.
DISCLOSING YOUR INFORMATION
We may share your personal information to any member of our group. This includes, where applicable, our subsidiaries, our holding company and its other subsidiaries (if any), as defined in section 1159 of the Companies Act 2006.
We may also disclose your personal information to third parties:
if we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
where we are legally required to disclose your information.
to assist fraud reduction and minimise credit risks.
that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of our website (eg analytics and search engine providers).
if Financial Software Limited or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.
for the performance of any contract we enter into with them or you (eg business partners, suppliers and sub-contractors).
YOUR RIGHTS
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. We will usually inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes.  You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data.  You can also exercise the right at any time by contacting us at the address or email address provided above. You can contacts us to correct any personal data we have about you and can request that we erase it.
THIRD PARTY LINKS
You may find links to third party websites on our website. These websites should have their own privacy policies which you should check. We do not accept any responsibility or liability for their policies whatsoever as we have no control over them.
ACCESS TO INFORMATION
The General Data Protection Regulation and Data Protection Act 2018 gives all individuals the right to access personal data that is held about them and ask any questions about the collection, storage and processing of this information.  You can request a copy of any information that we hold about you.
If you have any questions or queries relating to this Privacy Policy, or wish to access information we hold about you, then please contact us at the address provided above.
Additionally, you may contact our Data Protection Office at dpo@financialsoftware.co.uk.
You have the right to lodge a complaint with your Supervisory Authority. In the UK, the supervisory authority is the ICO, https://ico.org.uk.
UK
Financial Software Ltd.
3rd Floor
21 Great Winchester Street
London EC2N 2JA
+44 (0)20 7011 9940
info@financialsoftware.co.uk
UAE
FINSOFT DMCC
Unit No: 1965
DMCC Business Centre
Level No 1
Jewellery & Gemplex 3
Dubai
United Arab Emirates
+971 (0)44 55 8764
MENU
Home
CGiX
Offshore Reporting Funds
Consultancy
Data Analysis
Deployment Models
Testing Services
Book a Demo
Social Responsibility
News
Careers
Contact Us
Privacy Policy   |   Terms of Use
This website uses cookies. By continuing to view this site, you agree to our use of cookies as explained in our Privacy Policy. Please read our Privacy Policy for more information. AcceptPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.