https://www.tradersedge.ca/te-privacy-policy/
Skip to content
1. Privacy Overview
At Trader’s Edge Inc., your privacy is very
important to us. This notice explains what happens to the information that you
provide to us through any website or mobile platform that we own or operate.
Our Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Trader’s Edge
Inc., but excludes services by third un-affiliated parties that have separate
privacy policies which are not incorporated into this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy, which forms
part of Trader’s Edge Inc.’s Terms
of Service, explains how Trader’s Edge Inc. collects, uses and protects
personal and private information submitted and collected as part of our online
software service and generally on our website or mobile applications.
By using the Site and providing us with your
information, you agree to this Privacy Policy.
2. Information Collection
a. Cookies: We may monitor and obtain your site
usage information by installing a “cookie” on your electronic device. This
allows us to recognize repeat visitors to the Site, compile data and
personalize your experience with the Site. Our cookies do not give us any
information regarding your usage of any service other than the Site.
b. Registration Data: When
registering for our Service you will provide information that is necessary so
you can use the service, including, but not limited to, company name,
individual name, address, phone number and email address.
c. Credit Card and Banking
Information: Trader’s Edge Inc. does not store any of your credit card or
online banking credentials. Those are stored securely with our partners that
provide these services on our behalf.
d. Other Information: Some of the
other Information we collect while you use the service, our website or our
other services include, but are not limited to, your financial data, brokerage
company, account numbers, as well as, investment transactions and financial information
about your investment activities. This information can be considered personal but
a requirement to ensure the usefulness of our service.
e. On some pages of the site, you can make
requests, register to receive materials or provide feedback to us. To fulfill
these requests, we may ask you to provide personal information, such as your
name and email address. Because our service relies on providing you with
information that is relevant to you, we may also collect information about your
location when you are using the site.
f. Updating Your Information: It is
important that your Information is up-to-date and accurate. Please login to
your account to make any changes or email us at support@tradersedge.ca
g.
Data Security: We have established appropriate physical, electronic and
managerial procedures to safeguard and secure information we collect via the
Site. We cannot enforce or control the security of devices and networks that
you may use to submit information to us. We are not responsible for the
disclosure or interception of your information before we receive it. We encrypt
many of our services using SSL as well as a two-state login process when you
access your Trader’s Edge Inc. account.
h. Trader’s Edge Inc. processes personal information on our
servers in many countries around the world. We may process your personal
information on a server located outside the country where you live. We retain
all personal information provided by you or your bank on secure servers, as do
our third-party partners and service providers. This data will be subject to
the laws of the relevant jurisdictions. Our third-party service providers,
including financial institutions, have their own terms of use and privacy
policies that will govern your relationship with these third parties. You are
responsible for reviewing and agreeing to these terms of use and policies. If
you do not agree with these terms of use or privacy policies you should not use
the services offered by such third-party service providers.
3. Uses and disclosure of Collected Information
We respect your privacy. We will not use or
share your personally-identifiable information other than as described in this
policy without prior notice.
a.: Cookies: We use cookies and other collected
information to improve and further develop our website, to keep your session
active and to customize your experience. The cookies are stored on your
computer. You can delete them or reject them, but if you do, you cannot use our
service.
b. Information: We will not sell your
information to any third party other than in connection with a sale of all or a
significant portion of our business.
c. Service Providers: We do not
disclose Information to third parties, except to certain service providers who
have appropriate policies in place to protect your information. Some of the information
we may disclose is because Trader’s Edge Inc. needs our partners help to
provide the service such as for billing purposes.
d. Usage: To monitor
system usage, server and software performance, to improve system design, to
create benchmarks and to conduct trending analyses.
e. Support: To assist you with technical
support issues. It is important to remember that most technical issues can be
resolved without a customer service representative viewing your Personal
Information.
f. Legal Requirements: We may be
required by law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request
to disclose your personal information with companies, organizations or
individuals outside of Trader’s Edge Inc. We will only do so if we have a
belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of the information is
reasonably necessary.
g. Terms of Service: To enforce
applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
h. Other sssues: To detect, prevent, or
otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues and to protect against
harm to the rights, property or safety of Trader’s Edge Inc., our users or the
public as required or permitted by law.
i. Change of Ownership: If we are
acquired or otherwise sell our business, we will transfer all of the information
to the successor entity. We may try to notify you of any change in ownership or
sale by either posting it on our website or by emailing you (at the email
address in the system).
j. Trader’s Edge Inc. will not use or disclose personal information
for purposes other than the identified purposes of the services or such other
purposes which we identify from time to time.
k. Employees responsible for our services operations will have
physical and/or technical access to your personal information and only where
such access is required to perform work authorized by the management of
Trader’s Edge Inc.
l. Trader’s Edge Inc. will retain personal information only
for the period of your subscription as a Trader’s Edge Inc. user. If you choose
to cancel your Subscription and purge your data, we will destroy your personal
information in our possession and control within 30 days unless we are required
to retain such personal information longer to fulfill our obligations to you or
to third parties. However, we may retain non-personal information or billing
subscription information indefinitely should the need arise to provide further
assistance to you.
Other Terms
a. Application: By registering for
our Service, you agree to comply with the terms of this Privacy Policy and that
we may process your Information.
b. Links to Third Party Sites: Our
websites or mobile applications may contain links to other sites and services,
which are owned and controlled by others. These websites have their own
policies regarding privacy, and you should review those policies to ensure they
meet your requirements. Those policies are not incorporated or reflected within
the Trader’s Edge Inc. privacy policy.
c. Industry Standard Security: While
we use industry standard security measures to protect against the loss, misuse
and alteration of the information under our control, there is no guaranty that our services cannot be
compromised. Please visit our Terms of Service for more information.
d. Information integrity: Trader’s Edge Inc. relies on you
to ensure that your personal information you provide to us while using the services
is as accurate, complete and up-to-date as necessary for the purposes for which
it is to be used. You can make changes or request cancellation of subscription
and purging of account information at any-time by logging into your account.
e. We also make every effort to ensure the accuracy of the
information derived in our reports and the responses to your support queries. However,
you must verify all information created from your use of the Services as the
reports are dependent on your correct data entry. It is strongly recommended
that you consult your accounting and financial professional advisors before
completing any government or regulatory filing or otherwise relying upon the
information, as the use of this information is at your own risk.
f. You are responsible for ensuring that the information
you have provided is truthful, accurate, reliable and complete.
g. Our Privacy Policy applies to all of the services
offered by Trader’s Edge Inc. Inc., but excludes services by other third-party
unaffiliated vendors that have separate privacy policies that are not
incorporated in this Privacy Policy. Our Privacy Policy does not apply to
services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites
that may be displayed to you in search results, sites that may include Trader’s
Edge Inc. services, or other sites linked from our services. Our Privacy Policy
does not cover the information practices of other companies and organizations
who advertise our services, and who may use cookies, pixel tags and other
technologies to serve and offer relevant ads.
Revisions to the Privacy Policy
We reserve the right, in our discretion, to update,
change, modify, add or remove portions of this Privacy Policy at any time, without
prior notice to you. Your rights under this Privacy Policy will not be reduced without
your explicit consent. The revised Privacy Policy will be posted the
www.tradersedge.ca website where request you to review the Privacy Policy for
changes periodically. Your continued use of the www.tradersedge.ca website means that you
have accept any changes. An archived copy of prior Privacy Policies may
available upon request.
If you have any questions about anything in this
Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
Trader’s Edge Inc.:  support@tradersedge.ca
Head Office: 175 West
Beaver Creek Rd. Unit 23. Richmond Hill, ON, L4B 3M1