https://www.wihatools.com/privacy-policy-cookie-restriction-mode
Privacy Policy
This is the web site of - https://www.wihatools.com/Which is wholly owned by Willi Hahn Corporation Our postal address is  We can be reached via e-mail: cservice@wihatools.com Or you can reach us by telephone at 763-295-6591
Your Information
We accept your information when volunteered by you and retain only the information needed to process and track your order. Your order information is for internal use only. This information is never shared with other organizations for commercial purposes other than those agencies directly involved in and or required to complete delivery of the products you have purchased.
Credit Card Information
If you supply us with your credit card information on-line, we do not currently retain this information. Your credit card information is only used one time for the immediate order being processed. Your credit card information is never shared with other organizations or individuals for any purposes at any time other than those directly involved in and or required to complete delivery for the products you have purchased.
E-Mail
If you supply us with your e-mail address on-line, you may receive periodic e-mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not want to receive e-mail from us, please let us know by sending an e-mail to us at the above address or calling us at the above telephone number or writing to us at the above address and telling us that you do not want to receive e-mail from Wiha. Please provide us with your exact name and e-mail address; we will be sure your name is removed from the list. If you do provide us with e-mail information it is never shared with other organizations for commercial purposes other than those required to complete delivery for the products you have purchased.
Address
If you supply us with your postal address on-line, you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by sending e-mail to us at the above address or calling us at the above telephone number or writing to us at the above address. Please provide us with your exact name and postal address; we will be sure your name is removed from the list. Your address information is shared with our sales representatives and distributors but is never offered or shared with non related outside organizations for commercial purposes other than those required to complete delivery for the products you have purchased.
Telephone
If you supply us with your telephone or fax number on-line for order processing you may receive telephone contact from us or one of our agents/distributors with information regarding orders you have placed. Please provide us with your correct phone number so that we may contact you should there be problems or delays in processing your order. This information is never shared with other organizations for commercial purposes other than those required to complete delivery for the products you have purchased.
If you have questions regarding our privacy policy please call our customer service department toll free at: 800-494-6104
Cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
How we use cookies
We use cookies in order to customize this site when you return, primarily to store items added to your cart. These cookies are required for site functionality. Additionally, third-party widgets such as YouTube may install cookies depending on their configuration.
The table below lists the cookies we collect and what information they store.
COOKIE nameCOOKIE Description
CART
The association with your shopping cart.
FRONTEND
You sesssion ID on the server.
STORE
The store view or language you have selected.
Google Analytics
We use a tool called “Google Analytics” to collect information about use of this site. Google Analytics collects information such as how often users visit this site, what pages they visit when they do so, and what other sites they used prior to coming to this site.
We use the information we get from Google Analytics to improve your experience on this site. We do not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with any personally identifiable information.
Google Analytics plants a cookie on your web browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit this site. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to this site is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use  and the Google Privacy Policy.
To opt-out of Google Analytics for the web, visit the Google Analytics opt-out page and install the add-on for your browser. For more details on installing and uninstalling the add-on, please see the relevant help resources for your specific browser.
Google Trusted Stores
We use a tool called "Google Trusted Stores" that uses cookies to serve ads based on your visit to our website.
To opt out of Google's use of cookies to serve ads based on prior visits to our website manage your Google Advertising settings at https://www.google.com/settings/ads/