http://www.spontex.co.uk/here-to-help/terms-and-conditions/
0
Home
Create Account
Login
Login
(forgotten password)
About Spontex
Products
Cloths & Sponges
Scourers
Gloves
Floorcare
Decorators Sponges
Body Care
Specialist
The Essentials
Calypso
Special Offers & Bundles
FAQs
Cloths
Sponges
Scourers
Gloves
Floorcare
Body care
General
MENU
About Spontex
Products
Cloths & Sponges
Scourers
Gloves
Floorcare
Decorators Sponges
Body Care
Specialist
The Essentials
Calypso
Special Offers & Bundles
FAQs
Cloths
Sponges
Scourers
Gloves
Floorcare
Body care
General
You are here: Home > Here To Help > Terms & Conditions
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Last updated 26th September 2018
Important information about these terms and conditions
These terms and conditions set out important information and conditions regarding your use of our website. They include:
Our website terms of use. Together with our Privacy and Cookies Policies, the terms of use apply whenever you access, browse and use our website; and
Our website terms of sale. These are in addition to the website terms of use and apply specifically in relation to your orders and purchase of products on the website. Please also read our Delivery and Returns Policy which contains further terms and conditions relating to products you order.
We intend to rely on these terms and conditions and it is our intention that you will be legally bound by them when you use and/or order from this website. Please read them carefully.
In these terms and conditions, “we”, “us” and “our” means Spontex which is a trading name of MAPA Spontex UK Limited; and “you” and “your” means a user of our website and/or our customer or potential customer for products.
WEBSITE TERMS OF USE
(1) About these terms of use
These terms of use apply whenever you access, browse and use our website. By accessing, browsing and using our website, you accept these terms of use. If you do not wish to accept them, we must ask that you do not continue to use our website.
In particular your attention is drawn to the sections on our “disclaimers” (clause 8) and “our liability to you” (clause 9).
We may occasionally update these terms of use, for example to comply with changes in the law or to take account of changes to our website. You should read the latest version from time to time when you access the website to ensure you are happy with any changes.
If you have any questions about these terms of use, please contact us.
(2) About us
Our full company name is MAPA Spontex UK Limited. Spontex is a trading name of MAPA Spontex UK Limited.
Our registered office and principal trading address is Berkeley Business Park, Wainwright Road, Worcester, WR4 9ZS, England.
We are a company registered in England and Wales at Companies House. Our company registration number is 1372811.
Our VAT number is GB 217 9806 40.
For all customer service enquiries, our email address is webmail.spontexuk@newellco.com.
(3) Log-in details
You can purchase products through our website without having to log-in, but to setup an account and be able to use some parts of the website you will need to register and log-in using your unique log-in details supplied as part of the registration process (e.g. username, password). You are responsible for keeping your log-in details confidential and they should not be shared.
You should contact us as soon as possible if you believe that anyone has obtained your log-in details without your permission or if you become aware of any other breach of security on the website. We will not be responsible to you if there is unauthorised access to your log-in details or unauthorised orders on the website as a result of your log-in details becoming known by someone else, unless this is due to our own failure to take proper care.
(4) Ownership
Unless otherwise stated, the copyright and all other intellectual property rights in the website and the materials on the website are owned or licensed by MAPA Spontex UK Limited. Materials include, but are not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance, graphics, text, documents and other content on the website.
(5) Your use of the website
You may not copy, redistribute, republish or otherwise make the materials on this website available to anyone else without our consent in writing, except that you may print or download materials from this website for your non-commercial use provided that:
(a) no materials are modified in any way;
(b) no graphics are used separately from accompanying text;
(c) our copyright and trade mark notices appear in all copies and you acknowledge this website as the source of the material;
(d) any person to whom you provide these materials are made aware of these restrictions.
You must not use our website in any way that causes, or may cause, damage or disruption to the website itself, the materials and data it contains, or the computer systems that host it, nor in any way which is unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful, or in connection with any unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful purpose or activity.
You must not use our website to copy, store, host, transmit, send, use, publish or distribute any material which consists of (or is linked to) any spyware, computer virus, Trojan horse, worm, keystroke logger or other harmful computer software.
You must not conduct any systematic or automated data collection activities (including without limitation scraping, data mining, data extraction and data harvesting) on or in relation to our website without our express written consent.
(6) Submitting comments to the website
This website allows you to submit comments and ratings about products. By submitting comments you agree to respect the following conditions:
(a) All comments may be checked by us before being displayed on the website. We reserve the right to remove or block any comments which are unsuitable;
(b) You must not submit any comments that are offensive, racist, inflammatory, unlawful, harmful, defamatory, or obscene. You must not knowingly submit comments which infringe the rights of another person;
(c) By submitting comments on this website you give us permission to display them and share them with other users via the website and/or selected third party websites. You also agree that we may use any ideas and/or wording included in your comments, for example to help improve our products or in publicity materials; and
(d) We may remove any comments submitted by you at any time.
(7) Breaches of these terms of use
If you seriously fail to comply with these terms of use or if we reasonably suspect that you have seriously failed to comply, we may:
(a) contact you to warn you about the failure to comply;
(b) suspend and/or delete your account with the website (if applicable); and/or
(c) refuse to accept any further product orders from you.
(8) Disclaimers
Whilst we endeavour to ensure that the information on this website is accurate and up to date, we cannot be responsible for any inaccuracies in the information (except where we have confirmed the details of your order for products, as detailed in our terms of sale below).
We have no responsibility or liability for comments that you submit on this website, for example, for the deletion or failure to store comments or the accuracy of any such comments.
Images of products on our website are for illustrative purposes. We endeavour to ensure they are materially accurate but in some cases the actual products may differ from such images.
While we try to ensure that this website is functioning correctly, this may not always be achievable. We do not guarantee that this website will be available all the time or at any specific time (e.g. if the computer systems used to provide the website are under repair or maintenance or are otherwise unavailable).
We do not guarantee that this website will be compatible with all or any hardware and software which you may use.
We take steps to try to ensure that this website is free from computer viruses and other harmful computer programs. However, we cannot guarantee this due to the nature of the Internet. You are advised to use appropriate firewall and anti-virus software to protect your computer and data.
(9) Our liability to you
The section on our liability to you in the terms of sale below will also apply in relation to these terms of use and your use of our website generally.
(10) Linking
This website may also includes links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the other website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s). It is your responsibility to check the legal terms and privacy policy on any other website which you visit.
You may not create a link to this website from another website or document without our prior written consent.
(11) Other important information to be aware of
We will treat all your personal information that we collect in connection with this website and/or your orders in accordance with the terms of our Privacy and Cookies Policies.
We reserve the right to modify, withdraw, suspend or discontinue this website or any functionality or feature on this website at any time, for instance to comply with changes in the law or to add new features. We will try as far as possible to ensure that any modifications do not reduce the quality of this website.
We may transfer any of our rights or obligations arising under these terms and conditions at any time, providing such transfer does not adversely affect your rights under these terms and conditions. For example, such a transfer may occur if there is a future sale of our business.
The only language in which we provide these terms and conditions is English and all communications between us will be conducted in the English language.
Any communications we send to you will be sent to the most recent e-mail address or postal address provided to us by you.
English law applies to these terms of use. If any disputes arise between you and us in relation to these terms of use and you want to take court proceedings, you must do so in the English courts unless you are an individual consumer and you reside in Scotland, Wales or Northern Ireland, in which case you may do so in the courts of the country in which you reside.
WEBSITE TERMS OF SALE
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ONLINE SALES OF PRODUCTS TO CONSUMERS
These terms of sale apply to consumers only.
A “consumer” means an individual acting for purposes which are wholly or mainly outside that individual’s trade, business, craft or profession.
Click here if you are a Consumer
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ONLINE SALES OF PRODUCTS TO TRADERS
These terms of sale apply to traders only. A “trader” means a person acting for purposes relating to that person’s trade, business, craft or profession, whether acting personally or through another person acting in the trader’s name or on the trader’s behalf.
Click here if you are a Trader
© 2020 Mapa Spontex UK Ltd.
Web Design & eCommerce by 16 Interactive
This website uses different types of cookies to enable, improve and monitor the use of our website. For more information see our Cookies Policy. By clicking accept or continuing to browse on our website, you consent to the use on your device of analytics, advertising and other tags/files.
I accept ›