http://www.glconline.com/privacy-policy.html
Let's Talk: 212.697.5753
BrokerCheck
HomeCOMPANYCompany OverviewCore ValuesTestimonialsPRODUCTS & SERVICESStrategic AdvisoryPrivate Capital MarketsINDUSTRY VERTICALSConsumer - Digital and OfflineTechnology and Data ServicesOUR TEAMClaire GruppoChurch LewisAdam GallenOliver KingHugh LeveyTRANSACTIONSContact Us
Privacy Notice
YOUR PRIVACY IS IMPORTANT TO US
At Gruppo & Company we recognize the importance of protecting your privacy. We strive to maintain the privacy of your personal nonpublic information while we help you achieve your financial objectives. The following disclosure explains what nonpublic personal information we collect about you, why we collect it, what we do with that information, and the steps we have put in place to protect the nonpublic personal information you have entrusted to us.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
To serve you better and to manage our business, it is important that we collect and maintain accurate information about you. We collect nonpublic personal information about you, including, your name, address, social security number, and financial information, from the following sources:
From you on the telephone, in person, or through mail;
From you on applications or other forms you complete;
Through transactions in your accounts with us, our affiliates, or others;
From our internet website; and
From third parties with whom we deal, such as a consumer reporting agency, to verify information we receive from you and your creditworthiness.
PROTECTING YOUR INFORMATION
We restrict access to your nonpublic personal information to those employees and agents who need access to the information to perform their job functions or provide products or services to you. We protect your nonpublic personal information from access by third parties by maintaining physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards. We strive to ensure the protection of client personal information from receipt through destruction.
INFORMATION WE DISCLOSE TO THIRD PARTIES
We do not disclose any of your nonpublic personal information to non-affiliated third parties without your consent except as required or permitted by law or unless those parties are providing services or support to us and have agreed to keep your nonpublic personal information confidential. Examples of these parties include the companies or individuals we use to (a) prepare and mail your account statements, (b) help us verify information, including identity, (c) provide us with consulting, legal, and accounting services, (d) help us develop, operate, and maintain our services and systems. If you cease to transact business with us, we will continue to apply the same protections to your nonpublic personal information as we did when you were an active client.
If you have any questions regarding our privacy policy, you can contact us at
This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it
..
Careers|Legal Notices|Privacy Policy
733 Third Avenue Floor 15 New York, NY 10017 Copyright © 2007- 2018 Gruppo & Company. All rights reserved.