http://www.bisco.com/service/terms/
Recently Viewed
You have not viewed any products recently.
Home > Terms & Privacy
Terms of Use
This website is owned and operated by BISCO, Inc. We recognize that visitors to bisco.com are concerned with information provided at the time of registration. BISCO, Inc. may update the Privacy Policy (see changes to our policy below) as necessary. By using our site, you consent to our website’s privacy policy.
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey, fill out a form or write reviews.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or dental licensure number. You may, however, visit our site anonymously, but some of our services may not be available to you.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used to personalize your experience, to improve our website, improve customer service, process transactions, administer contests, promotions, surveys or other site features and/or send periodic emails.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
Security
We limit access to personally identifiable information about you to our employees and third-party agents, who we reasonably believe need to have access to your information to provide you with the information or services you request from BISCO. This website has security measures in place to help protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. While we cannot guarantee that loss, misuse or alteration to data will not occur, BISCO uses industry standards, such as Secure Socket Layer (“SSL”) technology, to help safeguard against such occurrences. In certain areas, the information passed between your browser and our system is encrypted with SSL technology to create a protected connection between you and our website to ensure confidentiality. In the event that a breach into our security systems occurs and there is a possibility that an unauthorized person acquires your personal information, BISCO will notify you of such a breach under applicable law. If you have any questions about the security at our website, you can send an email to webmaster@bisco.com.
Do we use cookies?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
We use cookies to compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
If you prefer, you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies via your browser settings. Like most websites, if you turn your cookies off, some of our services may not function properly. However, you can still place orders over the telephone or by contacting customer service.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act); we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Updating Personal Information
If a user’s personally identifiable information changes (such as your address), or if a user no longer desires our service, we will correct, update or remove that user’s personal data provided to us. This can be done by contacting the webmaster at webmaster@bisco.com.
Unsubscribe
Registrants can opt-out or decline to receive future communications at any time by e-mailing webmaster@bisco.com.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at https://www.bisco.com
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
https://www.bisco.com
1100 W. Irving Park Rd
Schaumburg, IL 60193
USA
webmaster@bisco.com
847-534-6000
SOP-MKT-030, Rev. 1
Effective date: 9/18/2013
Career Opportunities
International
Government
Events
Terms & Privacy
Sitemap
Newsletter Sign-Up: To get more information or sign-up, click here.
close