http://www.westmonroepartners.com/cookie-policy
Below is information about how West Monroe Partners LLC and its affiliates (“we”) use cookies and other similar technology on this website.
By continuing to use this website you agree that we can place cookies and other similar technology on your device, including mobile device, per your agreement with our cookie consent manager. By continuing to use your mobile device to access this website, you agree that the following information may be collected: your unique device identifier, mobile device IP address, information about your device’s operating system, mobile carrier and your location information (to the extent permissible under applicable law).
What are cookies?
Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information which are downloaded to your computer or mobile device when you visit a site and allow a site to recognize your device.
Why do we use cookies and similar technologies?
Cookies do a lot of different jobs, such as letting you navigate between pages efficiently, remembering your preferences and generally improving the user experience. They can also help to ensure that the advertisements you see online are more relevant to you and your interests.
Does West Monroe use cookies for marketing and analytics?
Yes, we may use information collected from our cookies to identify user behavior and to serve content and offers based on your profile, and for the other purposes described below, to the extent legally permissible in certain jurisdictions.
Some of the cookies we use don't collect information that identifies a visitor. For example:
Performance cookies (see below)
Targeting cookies (see below)
In other cases, we can associate cookie information (including information from cookies placed via our advertisements on third party sites) with an identifiable individual. For example:
If we send you a targeted email which includes web beacons, cookies or similar technologies we will know whether you open, read, or delete the message.
When you click a link in a marketing e-mail you receive from West Monroe, we will also use a cookie to log what pages you view and what content you download from our websites, even if you are not registered at or signed into our site.
Combining and analyzing personal data: As described above, we may combine data from publicly available sources, and from our different e-mail, website, and personal interactions with you (this includes information collected across our different websites such as our careers and corporate sites and information collected when you sign-up or log on to our sites or connect to our sites using your social media credentials (such as LinkedIn and Facebook). We combine this data to better assess your experience with West Monroe and to perform the other activities described throughout our privacy policy.
Do you use any cookies from third party companies?
Some cookies we use are from third party companies, such as Google Analytics, Sitecore, Salesforce and LinkedIn Analytics to provide us with web analytics and intelligence about our sites. These companies use programming code to collect information about your interaction with our sites, such as the pages you visit, the links you click on and how long you are on our sites. This code is only active while you are on a West Monroe digital property. For more information on how these companies collect and use information on our behalf, please refer to their privacy policies:, Google at Google Privacy & Terms, Sitecore at Sitecore Privacy Policy and Salesforce at Salesforce Privacy Policy, LinkedIn at LinkedIn Privacy Policy and Facebook at Facebook Privacy Policy.
Does West Monroe use any non-cookie tracking technologies?
We may also use web beacons (including conversion pixels) or other technologies for similar purposes as above and we may include these on our sites, in marketing e-mail messages or our newsletter, affiliated websites, to determine whether messages have been opened and links clicked on. Web beacons do not place information on your device, but they may work in conjunction with cookies to monitor website activity. The information provided below about cookies also applies to web beacons and similar technologies. Conversion pixels are small codes located on a particular web page which are triggered when someone visits a page resulting in an increase in the conversion count.
What if I don’t want cookies?
By using our site, you agree that we can place cookies on your device as explained below. If you want to remove existing cookies from your device, you can do this using your browser options. If you want to block future cookies being placed on your device, you can change your browser settings to do this. For more information on managing cookies see How to Manage Cookies. Currently, "Do Not Track" initiatives are not recognized by our site.
Please bear in mind that deleting and blocking cookies will have an impact on your user experience as parts of the site may no longer work. Unless you have adjusted your browser settings to block cookies, our system will issue cookies as soon as you visit our site or click on a link in a targeted email that we have sent you, even if you have previously deleted our cookies.
What types of cookies are there and which ones does the site use?
The cookies used on West Monroe sites have been categorized on the basis of the categories found on Cookiepedia. However, it is important to note that not all cookies may be used in all jurisdictions or websites. A list of all the cookies used on this site by category is set out below. Within these four categories below, cookies are classified as either session or persistent cookies.
“Session” cookies are temporary and once you close the browser window, they are deleted from your device.
“Persistent” cookies remain on your device for a longer period and are used by the website to recognize your device when you return. You can find more information about cookies at All About Cookies.
West Monroe uses both session and persistent cookies.
Category
Examples
Strictly Necessary cookies:
These cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around the site and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the site. Without these cookies, services you have asked for cannot be provided.
We categorize the following as Strictly Necessary cookies:
Registered Visitor cookie: A unique identifier given to each registered user, used to recognize them through their visit and when they return to the site. (See also Functionality cookies below.)
Performance cookies:
These cookies are generally third-party cookies from vendors we work with or who work on our behalf that collect information about your visit and use of the West Monroe website, for instance which pages you visit the most often, and if you get error messages from web pages. These cookies don't collect information that identifies a visitor. All information these cookies collect is anonymous and is only used to improve how the website works. Third party vendors may have access to this data and may use it to improve their overall services and offerings.
We categorize the following as Performance cookies:
Referrer URL (internal page): Used to store the URL of the previous page visited. Allows us to track how visitors navigate throughout our site.
Referrer URL (external page, including if you click on links on West Monroe social media pages): Used to store the URL which refers a visitor to our site so we may understand which URLs are referring visitors to our site.
URL history: Used to store the pages visited by a user.
Unregistered Visitor cookie: A unique identifier given to each visitor to allow analysis on how unregistered visitors use our site.
Session Management cookies: These cookies allow us to follow the actions of a user on our sites during a browser session. A browser session starts when a user opens the browser window, visits our sites and finishes when they leave our sites and close their browser window. Our Session Management cookies are created temporarily. Once you close your browser, our Session Management cookies are deleted.
Gathering analytics and intelligence cookies
Functionality cookies:
These cookies allow a site to remember choices you make and provide more enhanced, personal features. These cookies cannot track your browsing activity on other websites. They don’t gather any information about you that could be used for advertising or remembering where you’ve been on the Internet outside our site.
We categorize the following as Functionality cookies:
Registered Visitor cookie: A unique identifier given to each registered user to our site, used to serve them content and offers based on their profiles. Also used for analysis and marketing purposes. (See also Strictly Necessary cookies above.)
Targeting Cookies:
These cookies are used to (1) deliver advertisements more relevant to you and your interests; (2) limit the number of times you see an advertisement; (3) help measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaign; and (4) understand people’s behavior after they view an advertisement. They are usually placed on behalf of advertising networks with the site operator’s permission. They remember that you have visited a site and quite often they will be linked to site functionality provided by the other organization.
We categorize the following as Targeting Cookies:
Third Party cookies: The Targeting cookies may also be used on third party websites and third parties may use them on our websites as follows:
Social media sites: Third-party social media sites may log information about you. This may include activities such as when you click an "Add This" or "Like" button for a social media site while on our site. We do not control such sites or their activities. You may be able to find information about social media sites on the sites themselves. We recommend you read the terms of use and privacy policy of such sites before using them.
West Monroe advertisements on non-West Monroe sites: Cookies may be placed on non-West Monroe sites so that when you click on a West Monroe advertisement located on these sites, West Monroe is provided with this information to enable us to measure the effectiveness of our advertising.
If you have any questions now or during your visit, please submit your request through our Contact Us form. In addition, to find the West Monroe office in your state, visit our Office Directory page.
You can adjust your cookie settings at any time from our cookie consent manager.
×
Subscribe to Our Perspectives
×
Contact Us