http://www.namingnewsletter.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy:Naming Newsletter ("Naming Newsletter") operates namingnewsletter.com and may operate other websites. It is Naming Newsletter's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Naming Newsletter collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Naming Newsletter's purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Naming Newsletter's visitors use its website. From time to time, Naming Newsletter may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Naming Newsletter also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on namingnewsletter.com blogs/sites. Naming Newsletter only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Naming Newsletter's websites choose to interact with Naming Newsletter in ways that require Naming Newsletter to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Naming Newsletter gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up
at namingnewsletter.com to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Naming Newsletter are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, Naming Newsletter collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with Naming Newsletter. Naming Newsletter does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Naming Newsletter may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. Naming Newsletter may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Naming Newsletter does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Naming Newsletter discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Naming Newsletter's behalf or to provide services available at Naming Newsletter's websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Naming Newsletter's websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Naming Newsletter will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Naming Newsletter discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Naming Newsletter believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Naming Newsletter, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an Naming Newsletter website and have supplied your email address, Naming Newsletter may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what's going on with Naming Newsletter and our products.
If you send us a request (for example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Naming Newsletter takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Naming Newsletter uses cookies to help Naming Newsletter identify and track visitors, their usage of Naming Newsletter website, and their website access preferences. Naming Newsletter visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Naming Newsletter's websites, with the drawback that certain features of Naming Newsletter's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If Naming Newsletter, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Naming Newsletter goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Naming Newsletter may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Naming Newsletter and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Naming Newsletter may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Naming Newsletter's sole discretion. Naming Newsletter encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have a namingnewsletter.com account, you might also receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Posts
Why SEO Is Important to Law Firms
SEO: A Guide to Optimizing Your Website
Promoting Through Social Media: How to Optimize it
How to Choose the Best Local SEO Company
Two Most Important SEO Services
Tips for Choosing an SEO Agency
Six Areas a Franchise Seo Expert Will Help You In
Categories
Marketing
OnPage SEO
SEO
Signs
Pages
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Social Media Marketing Tips
Terms Of Service
The Crew