https://www.spcfood.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy SPC INTERNATIONAL FOOD LTD
The Purpose of the Policy
This policy (together with any other documents we refer to in it) sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by SPC International Food Ltd. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
Who we are
“We” or “us” means SPC International Food Ltd, a limited company registered in the United Kingdom (SPC International Food Ltd, Ten-acres, Barton Street, Ashby Cum-Fenby, Grimsby, DN37 0RU, United Kingdom). If you wish to contact us, please visit our contact page. By contacting us, using our services, or visiting our website(our “site” www.spcfood.co.uk), you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this policy unless you inform us otherwise and we agree in writing to a variation of the Policy.
Who this policy applies to
This policy applies to both Service Users and www.spcfood.co.uk Web Users except as otherwise stated for interpretation, the following words have the following meanings: Web Users anyone visiting our site. Service Users any recipient of our services, whether it be directly provided by us or indirectly through a third party associate. Services any assistance we provide to you, including but not limited to; programming; advice and information etc.
Information we collect from you
We may collect and process the following data about you:
The information you give us
You may give us information about you by visiting our premises, filling in forms on our website or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise. This includes information you provide if you register to use our site, subscribe to our service, participate in discussion boards and when you contact us. The information you give us may include your name, address, e-mail address and phone number, employer, financial information. In conjunction with GDPR, all our newsletters have the ability to “opt out” at any time.
Information we collect about you
We collect the following information for Web Users and Service Users:
Technical information, including the Internet Protocol(IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system, and platform. This information is generic and not specifically linked to any individuals to comply with GDPR practices.
For Service Users only, we may also collect
Name, job title, role, residential or office address; company details, company number, VAT number; contact details (including, but not limited to, telephone number; email address; social media handle; etc).
Information we receive from other sources
For Web Users and Service Users – We also work with third parties (including, for example, business partners, sub-contractors, advertising networks, analytics providers, and search information providers) and may receive information about you from them. The information we receive from these third parties will be information that they have collected from you.
Uses made of the information
We use information held about you in the following ways:
• To notify you about changes to our service.
• To ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your device.
Where you have indicated to us that you are happy for us to do so, we may also use this information:
• To provide you with information about other services we offer that are similar to those that you have already enquired about or received from us.
Information we collect about you
• To administer our services and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes.
• To improve our site to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your device.
• To allow you to participate in interactive features of our services, when you choose to do so.
• As part of our efforts to keep our services, site and premises safe and secure.
• To measure or understand the effectiveness of our service.
Information we receive from other sources
We may combine this information with information you give to us and information we collect about you. We may use this information and the combined information for the purposes set out above (depending on the types of information we receive).
Disclosure of your information
You agree that we can share your personal information with:
• For Service Users only – our suppliers and sub-contractors for the performance of any contract we enter into with them to allow us to provide services to you, and only where they are under a duty to deal with your personal data in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 and the General Data Protection Regulation ((EU) 2016/679).
• For Web Users only – analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of our site.
• In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
• If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of use or terms and conditions of supply of services and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of SPC International Food Ltd, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
• For Service Users only – to provide our Services.
We may pass your personal data to third parties who are service providers, debt recovery agents, Field Tracing Agents and subcontractors to us, for the purposes of recovering monies owed to our firm and all within our legitimate interests.
SPC International Food Ltd reserves the right to charge interest on overdue monies at the rate of 8% per annum above the bank base rate and varied from time to time. In addition, if the Customer defaults on payment the Company reserves the right to place the matter in the hands of their debt recovery agents, without prior warning in writing, and shall be entitled to a full reimbursement of any fees or disbursements paid to the debt recovery agent to aid recovery of monies outstanding to the Company.
Where we store your personal data
The data that we collect from you will be stored in England, Grimsby. By providing us with your personal data, you agree to this storing and/or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers or on secure servers operated by a third party.
Unfortunately, the transmission of data and information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
Your Rights
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. We will ask for your permission before collecting your data if we intend to use your data for such purposes (in line with GDPR) or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by not ticking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data. If you have given us permission to disclose information about you to a third party, you may revoke that permission at any time by contacting us.
You have the right to request any of the following; we ask that you send such requests to our contact details as listed above:
• Right to Access – to access all the data we hold about you.
• Right to Erasure – that we erase all data we hold about you if the data is no longer being used for the purposes you have consented to or if you revoke your consent as above.
• Right to Data Portability – to easily copy or transfer the data we hold about you from us to another service provider.
Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
Data Retention
We will not store your data for any longer than is necessary
For Service Users only – If you are a user of our services (machinery purchase, machinery sales, machinery restoration, machinery servicing, machinery parts client or a general customer), then your information will be held for as long as you continue to use our services.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our privacy policy.
Cookies
SPC International Food Ltd puts small files (known as cookies) onto your computer to collect information about how you browse the site.
Cookies are used to:
• Measure how you use the website so it can be updated and improved based on your needs.
• Remember the notifications you’ve seen so that we don’t show them to you again.
• Remember you while you’re changing your email subscriptions or request a lost password.
• Store products/services into a shopping basket.
You can disable cookies from inside your browser settings.
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics software to collect information about how you use the www.spcfood.co.uk website. We do this to help make sure the site is meeting the needs of its users and to help us make improvements, for example improving site search.
Google Analytics stores information about:
• The pages you visit on www.spcfood.co.uk.
• How long you spend on each web page.
• How you got to the site.
• What you click on while you’re visiting the site.
We don’t collect or store your personal information (for example your name or address) so this information can’t be used to identify who you are.
We don’t allow Google to use or share our analytics data.
Cookies: Introduction Message – Cookies and Privacy
You may see a pop-up welcome message when you first visit the www.spcfood.co.uk. We’ll store a cookie so that your computer knows you’ve seen it and knows not to show it again.
YouTube Videos
We use YouTube to provide videos on some pages of the site. YouTube sets cookies when you visit one of these pages.
Links to other websites
Our website (www.spcfood.co.uk) may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over the other websites. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
• If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us.
• We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen. (An explicit ‘opt-in’ action is required for this).
• You may request details of personal information which we hold about you. If you would like a copy of the information held on you, please contact SPC International Food Ltd (Write to: SPC International Food Ltd, Tenacres, Barton Street, Ashby Cum-Fenby, DN37 ORU, United Kingdom).
• If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at: SPC International Food Ltd, Tenacres, Barton Street, Ashby Cum-Fenby, Grimsby, DN37ORU.
Email: sales@spcfood.co.uk. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Does SPC International Food Ltd share my Personal information or user content?
SPC International Food Ltd is not in the business of selling or renting user information, and we only disclose information when:
• We have your explicit consent to share the information.
• We need to share your information with affiliated and unaffiliated service providers to full fill your product or service requests.
Tel: +44 (0) 1472 505 080
Fax: +44 (0) 1472 505 088
Email: sales@spcfood.co.uk
WHERE WE ARE SPC International
Ten Acres
Barton Street
Ashby Cum-Fenby
Grimsby
DN37 0RU
PRODUCT CATEGORIES Bakery
Fish
Meat
Packaging
Refrigeration
Vegetable
Value Added
MISC Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Copyright © 2018 SPC International Food Limited. All rights reserved. Company Registration Number: 03902162. Website Design by Align Creative
Home
Products
All Products
Bakery
Fish
Meat
Packaging
Refrigeration
Vegetable
Value Added
Recently Sold
Machine Locator
Sell Your Machine
Spare Parts
Finance
About SPC
Contact Us
T: +44 (0) 1472 505080
E: sales@spcfood.co.uk