http://www.aarm.org/aarm-privacy-policies.html
AARM PRIVACY POLICIES
In the
course of its work, AARM may collect personal information such as the
name and address of an individual.
AARM
operates on the basis of a Privacy Policy and related procedures that
guide the
handling of the personal information it collects.
This Policy
and related procedures comply with current legislation.
1. Use of this Web site
The
use of this Web site is subject to the following provisions.
If you do
not agree with these provisions, please discontinue the use of this Web
site.
2. Information on this Web site
Information
which includes all facts, data and other information, collectively the
"Information" in the pages on this Web site is of a general nature, is
intended only for informational purposes, is subject to change without
notice and is not intended to be relied on by visitors as advice on any
particular matter.
3. Accuracy of the Information on this Web
site
The
Information is believed to be accurate, complete and current when
posted, but AARM cannot guarantee that it will remain accurate or
complete or that it will be current at all times. AARM
is not responsible for direct, indirect, special or consequential
damages, regardless of the cause, arising out the use of this Web site.
4. Accuracy of Information on Linked Web
sites
This
Web site contains links to other sites that may be of interest to our
visitors. AARM has no control over the accuracy, completeness or
relevance of the information on these sites and does not endorse the
sites or their products or services.
5. Copying Information from this Web site
The
information on this Web site may be used or copied provided that it is
used or copied accurately, not taken out of context, and that the
source of the information is clearly identified. AARM is not
responsible for the way in which the information may be used or copied.
Where
applicable, information on this Web site is protected by the AARM's
copyright interests.
AARM
reserves the right to change, delete or add
information at any time.
6. Accountability
AARM is
accountable for all personal information in its control. Any questions about
AARM's handling of personal information should be directed to AARM
offices. Please
see below for
more information about how questions about AARM's handling of personal
information should be dealt with.
7. How AARM Uses Personal Information
Identifying
the Purpose of Personal Information. Before personal information is
collected, the purpose for which it is to be used must be identified to
the individual. AARM will not use personal information for any other
purpose.
8.
Consent
AARM does not collect
personal information without an
individual's consent.
AARM makes
every reasonable effort to make sure
that an individual understands how her or his personal information will
be used.
An
individual can withdraw a consent that has been given for the use of
personal information. AARM will explain what the consequences are of
withdrawing consent. For example, withdrawing consent to use an
individual's name and address may mean that AARM cannot send
information requested by the individual.
9.
Limits for Collecting, Using, Disclosing and Keeping Personal
Information
AARM limits the
amount and type of information collected
to only the personal information that is required to accomplish the
identified purpose. For example, if personal information is given to
enable AARM to send a booklet and if the individual does not want the
AARM to keep personal information for the purpose of sending additional
information, the personal information will only be used for sending the
booklet and will then be deleted or destroyed. AARM does not use
personal information for any other purpose without explaining to the
individual the new use and obtaining a consent.
AARM does not sell,
share or trade any personal information with others.
AARM
does not disclose individual personal information to others, except if
required in the course of fulfilling the purpose for which it was
collected. For example, if an individual has ordered a booklet, it may
be necessary to provide a fulfillment supplier or the post office with
delivery information relating to the individual requesting the booklet
in order to process the request. Or, if an individual has given AARM
personal information in respect of raising a question about an Member
AARM, it may be necessary, with the consent of the individual, to
provide such information to the Member in order to consider the
question raised.
10.
Keeping Personal Information Accurate
AARM keeps personal
information
as accurate, complete, current and relevant as necessary for the
identified purposes.
An individual may challenge the accuracy and completeness of the
personal information handled by the Council and have such information
amended. For this purpose, please contact the Council Privacy Officer.
11.
Safeguarding Personal Information
AARM ensures that
personal
information is stored in electronic and physical files that are secure.
Security measures include secure locks on filing cabinets and
restricted access to computers.
A "cookie" is a piece of data that is stored on the hard drive of a
computer that contains information about individuals. Other Web sites
may contain "cookies" that accumulate information about individuals,
such as the Web sites that an individual has visited.
12.
Making Information Available about Privacy Policy and Procedures
AARM
is open about its Privacy Policy and related procedures for handling
personal information. AARM provides access to easy-to-understand
information about the Privacy Policy and related procedures to
individuals on the AARM Web site and in written form. Any questions
about the handling of personal information by AARM can be raised with
the AARM's Privacy Officer.
13.
Access to Personal Information
At the written
request of an
individual, AARM will tell him or her what personal information AARM
has about the individual, what it is being used for and to whom it has
been disclosed. AARM may not be able to give an individual access to
the personal information about her or him held by AARM, in which case
AARM will explain the reason for this lack of access.
14.
Questions
Any questions about
the AARM's handling of personal
information should be directed to
the
attention of AARM's Privacy
Officer at support@aarm.org.
Back
to our Table of
Contents