https://www.bondline.co.uk/privacy-policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Distributor information
If you would like to find out more information on re-selling our products and discounted prices, please contact us.
Policy
We respect your right to confidentiality. We use the information that we collect on our website to provide you with improved customer service and to let you know about our products, services, and promotions.
When you register on our site, we will ask you to set up “your account,” which includes your name, e-mail address, and mailing address, and information regarding your application. If you prefer not to receive optional emails, you may adjust your account preferences by clicking on ‘My Account’ and updating your profile.
Unsolicited E-mail
Bondline Ltd will not sell or distribute our customer list to third parties.
Any email that comes from Bondline Electronics Ltd is sent as the result of signing up at www.bondline.co.uk
You can be removed from our list at any time by updating your preferences by logging in and adjusting the settings under ‘Your Account.’ Alternatively, inform a member of the Bondline team who can do this on your behalf.
Prices on our special offers and newsletters will only be valid for 90 days unless otherwise stated.
This site and its content is protected by International copyright law. You may not reproduce any part of this website without prior written confirmation from ourselves or Elevation studios please contact us for more information.
We are committed to protecting your privacy. We will only use the information that we collect about you lawfully (in accordance with the Data Protection act 1998).
The information collected about customers, is that which is entered at the time of ordering. The reason that we collect information about you is to process your order and to provide you with the best possible service. We will not e-mail you in the future unless you have given us your consent, we are replying to your correspondence, or if we need to advise you about your order.
Under no circumstances do we share your data with any third parties.
Next Day UK Delivery
On selected products if ordered before 1pm
Dedicated Account Manager
Dedicated account manager to help your ordering process
Competitive Prices
Great value on premium quality products
Bondline Electronics uses cookies and tracking technologies to analyse our traffic, and for advertising/targeting purposes.
Cookie technology helps us to deliver content tailored to a visitor's interest, improve our site's performance and security, and makes a number of actions easier.
You can read more in our Privacy Policy and find out how to opt out at any time.
Accept Cookies
Manage Cookies