https://www.dairybusiness.com/dairy-farmers-of-america-expands-commitment-to-help-feed-those-in-need/#comment-29454
December 11, 2020
Current News
[ December 10, 2020 ]
NNYADP Dairy Calf Diarrhea Pathogens Research Part of Dairy Days Webinar Series; Learn Results on January 15
DHIA
[ December 10, 2020 ]
DCRC webinar addresses dairy cattle stressors, impact on health and fertility
All Breeds Blog
[ December 10, 2020 ]
GENYOUth Partnership Sets Goal To Deliver 100 Million Meals to Combat School Hunger
DHIA
[ December 10, 2020 ]
Miner Institute names 2020-21 Flanagan scholarship recipients
DHIA
[ December 10, 2020 ]
Troubleshooting Herd Health Issues on Your Dairy
All Breeds Blog
[ December 10, 2020 ]
Elanco picks Indiana for global headquarters
DHIA
[ December 10, 2020 ]
DMI’s Joanna Hunter talks about reaching millions of Gen Z youth with dairy’s sustainability message
All Breeds Blog
Search for:
HomeDHIADairy Farmers Of America Expands Commitment To Help Feed Those In Need
Cooperative Launches Program to Help Community Food Banks Secure Much-Needed Refrigeration and Keep Them Stocked with Milk
As part of Hunger Action Month this September and with the increased demand for food assistance due to COVID-19, Dairy Farmers of America (DFA) today announced an expanded commitment designed to make a lasting impact in the fight against hunger. Through its DFA Cares Farmers Feeding Families Fund, the nationwide dairy cooperative’s 13,000 family farm-owners are donating much-needed refrigeration to rural and community food banks across the country and pledging to keep them stocked with dairy products for the remainder of the year.
“When we launched the Farmers Feeding Families Fund in April, we started working with rural and community food banks, and quickly realized that a lot of these smaller facilities had very limited cold storage, or in some cases, were completely lacking it,” said Jackie Klippenstein, senior vice president of government, industry and community relations. “Access to refrigeration is one of the largest challenges for food banks to keep fresh foods like dairy on hand. Once we saw this was a need, we felt compelled to step up and help provide long-term infrastructure improvements to ensure food banks have refrigeration, so that they can offer dairy products to the hungry families that they serve.”
Through the creation of the Farmers Feeding Families Fund, which the Cooperative created in late April of this year, DFA and its farm family-owners, along with its dedicated essential workers, have been raising money to help provide support and deliver dairy products to community food banks across the country.
Recently, one of DFA’s key partners, Leprino Foods Company of Denver, Colo., also decided to get involved by making a generous contribution of $100,000 to the Farmers Feeding Families Fund.
“Leprino Foods Company’s global responsibility efforts have consistently focused on addressing the local needs of our communities, with a particular emphasis on nutrition,” said Mike Durkin, president of Leprino Foods Company. “Through this $100,000 donation, we are proud to join with our long-time partner, Dairy Farmers of America, in expanding efforts to reduce food insecurity and addressing the nutritional needs of our neighbors. We are proud to be part of an industry that cares so much about helping individuals and families in need.”
To date, the Farmers Feeding Families Fund has raised more than $650,000 and distributed more than $225,000 to rural and community food banks, where DFA’s farm family-owners live and work, with more to come.
“This fund was born when one of our farmer-owners came to us and, recognizing the increased need at food banks due to COVID-19, wanted to help out,” said Klippenstein. “Now, it’s really taken off with continued support from our farm families, DFA employees and the partnership of companies that we work with like Leprino Foods.”
Since early April, DFA also has been working with industry leaders and milk processors across the country to coordinate drive-by milk giveaways and product donations directly to food banks. A few highlights include:
Providing more than 250,000 gallons of milk at 60+ drive-by milk giveaways throughout the Northeast
Donating $10,000 worth of milk to Rhode Island schools through Guida’s Dairy
Working with Kroger to donate more than 90,000 gallons of milk to food banks and health care workers in Kentucky, Ohioand Georgia
Partnering with Daisy brand to donate 120,000 pounds of cottage cheese to food banks in Akron and Cleveland over a six-week period
Donating 250,000 Kemps Giving Cow shelf-stable milks to food banks in Wisconsin, Minnesota, Illinois and Iowa
Working with Dairy West to donate 9,775 pounds of cheese curds to Salt Lake City-area food banks
Providing more than 12,000 gallons of milk to food banks throughout Southern California
“Through these initiatives and others, we’ve donated nearly 15 million servings of dairy, but we know there’s still a huge need, which is why we’re proud to launch this refrigeration program and continue our efforts of getting food from our farms to families who need it,” added Klippenstein.
For more information about DFA’s Farmers Feeding Families Fund or to make a donation, go to dfamilk.com/our-commitment/dfa-cares.
About Dairy Farmers of America:
Dairy Farmers of America is a national, farmer-owned dairy cooperative focusing on quality, innovation and the future of family dairies. While supporting and serving more than 13,000 family farm-owners, DFA manufactures a variety of dairy products, including fluid milk, cheese, butter, ice cream, dairy ingredients and more that connect our Cooperative’s family farms to family tables with regional brands such as Country Fresh, Meadow Gold, Friendly’s Ice Cream, Borden®Cheese, Plugra® Butter and Kemps® to name a few. On a global scale, we work with some of the world’s largest food companies to develop ingredients their customers are craving, while staying committed to social responsibility and ethical farming. For more information, please visit dfamilk.com.
PreviousAre You Hiring the Right People at Your Dairy?
Next2020 Corn and Soybean Yield Expectations Will Inevitably Lower in September
Related Articles
Corona
Effective economic recovery can’t leave rural America in the dust
May 19, 2020
DairyBusiness News Team DP
0
COVID-19 has brought about a flurry of stay-at-home orders, essential business declarations, and funding and program changes in all levels of government. Just as people with pre-existing health conditions are most susceptible to this virus, [Read More …]
Corona
Minnesota Governor Walz announces COVID-19 relief for farmers
October 23, 2020
DairyBusiness News Team DP
0
Financial support will help farmers who have experienced market disruptions Governor Tim Walz and Lieutenant Governor Peggy Flanagan announced a $7.7 million plan to support agricultural producers, meat processors, and farmers impacted by the COVID-19 [Read More …]
Magazine
Choose Wisely
July 31, 2020
DairyBusiness News Team DP
0
I recently was reading about a presentation by Damien McLoughlin, marketing professor at the University of Dublin, within which he explained that our industry (in fact, all industries) are currently at what he describes as [Read More …]
1 Comment
How do I nominate a food distribution agency to get free milk?
Reply
Leave a Reply Cancel replyYour email address will not be published.CommentName *
Email *
Website
Current ye@r *
Leave this field empty
Translate
STAY INFORMED! GET OUR WEEKLY NEWSLETTER
Current Digital Magazine
Magazine
Feed Saved – A Path to Breeding More Efficient Cows
Feed represents the single largest expense on most dairy farms, and even small improvements can have important financial, environmental, and [Read More ...]
‘Beast’ Shows Beauty of Dairy In Minecraft Game
Why Don’t You Just Go Away?
Retail is All We Got… and It Ain’t Looking That Hot
A Closer Look at Class I (Fluid) Milk Prices
Listen on Apple Podcasts
DairyVoice Episode 30:
Episode 29:
Episode 28:
Important Links Breeder Links
Industry Links
Copyright 2020 DairyBusiness, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Weekly Email Dairy News
An email sent every Wednesday morning containing the week’s top dairy news. It is free and we do NOT share your information.
Get the latest from DairyBusiness
Name *
Email *
Your Business
Select…Please select your business typeDairy Farm/Milk ProductionCalf or Heifer RaiserBovine VeterinarianIndependent NutritionistEducator/Extension/Dairy OfficialDairy Farm SupplierOther
Subscribe
CLOSE
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok