https://www.needdecals.com/privacy-policy/
Need Decals
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
NeedDecals.com Privacy Policy and Legal Statement
Privacy Policy:
We maintain a high standard of customer trust and satisfaction. Of the many challenges facing the Internet, privacy has risen above them all as the number one concern voiced by web users when going online.
At NeedDecals.com we take privacy very seriously. We do not collect e-mail addresses or any other customer information except what is required to complete our transaction with you. This includes a follow-up email from Shopper Approved, an independent ratings company, to get your feedback on our website, our performance and the quality of the products you ordered.  We will NEVER allow your information to be used by any other third party for any reason.
We appreciate YOU as our customer and will never do anything to jeopardize that relationship.
Thank you for visiting our site. If you ever have any questions or concerns please call or e-mail. We are here to serve your needs.
Sincerely,
NeedDecals.com Management and Staff
Legal Statement:
Terms of Use Statement
We recommend that our product(s) be used in accordance with their "intended use" only, using normal and good judgment. Follow all known safety recommendations, especially where small children are involved. None of our products are designed to be ingested in any way, or used in any other manner except for their "intended use".
If you have questions or concerns about any of our products we ask that you contact us.
By ordering from NeedDecals.com you understand and agree that the owners of this site, their employees, and / or agents shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential or exemplary damages of any kind, including but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, data or other tangible or intangible losses (even if the owners of this site have been advised of the possibility of such damages), resulting from the use or the inability to use the product(s) and or service(s) or any misuse of the product(s) and or service(s) in a manor not in accordance with their intended use.
NeedDecals.com Management and Staff
×
OK