http://www.prosaw.co.uk/company/website-policy
Toggle navigation
Home (current)
Machines
Bandsaws
Bandsaws Overview
Horizontal Bandsaws
- Manual Bandsaws
- Semi-Automatic Bandsaws
- Automatic Bandsaws
Vertical Bandsaws
- Manual Bandsaws
- Semi-Automatic Bandsaws
- Automatic Bandsaws
- Friction Bandsaws
Circular Saws
Circular Saws Overview
Ferrous Circular Saws
Non-Ferrous Circular Saws
Large Capacity Circular Plate Saws
Accessories
Steelworkers
Metal Forming
Metal Forming Overview
Plate Bending
Profile Bending
Tube Bending
Drilling - Cutting - Marking Lines
Dishing and Flanging
Machining Centres
Materials Handling
Special Machines
Waterjet Cutting
Used Machines
Ex-Demo Machines
Manufacturers
Saw Finder
Applications
Aluminium
Fabrication World
Nickel Alloy
Precision Engineering
Special Machines
Stockholders
Structural Steel
Company
About Us
Company News
Blog
Customer Stories
Sawing Times
Events
Suppliers
Accreditations
Customer Survey
Contact Us
Links
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Service & Support
Overview
Testing & Evaluation
Machine Commissioning
Training Services
After Sales Servicing
Machine Servicing
Kettering Support
Prosaw Cutting Chart
User Manual Request
Spares & Accessories
Sawing Machines
Steelworkers
Saw Blades
Contact
Bandsaws
Circular Saws
Steelworkers
Metal Forming
Machining Centres
Materials Handling
Waterjet Cutting
Special Machines
Used Machines
Privacy & Cookie Policies
Legal information for use of www.prosaw.co.uk
Prosaw Limited
Company Website Privacy
PRIVACY POLICY
This privacy policy sets out how Prosaw Ltd uses and protects any information that you give to Prosaw.
Prosaw is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. If we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website or in other communications, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Prosaw may change this policy from time to time by updating this page to keep in line with current GDPR. We invite you to periodically check this page to ensure that you are familiar with its content. Please contact us if you have any questions or are unhappy with any feature of our policy.
Why we collect data:
Any information that we receive through our website or any other communication is retained for Legitimate Interest for the supply of equipment, products and services.
We may collect the following information:
Company name
Your name, job title and contact information including email address.
Demographic information such as postcode and the nature of business.
Other information relevant to your current interest in Prosaw products and including specific offers and promotions.
What we do with your information:
We require this information to coordinate the offer and supply of products, understand your current needs and provide you with a better service.
This information will never be shared with any third parties unless you have made specific request for a particular reason that will assist you in resolving an issue or in the supply of a product/machine or service that you have requested. No additional information will be passed on other than what you have specifically sanctioned.
Internal record keeping:
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
Interest in products and offers that we have sent to you are recorded for continuity in sales offers.
We may occasionally send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information specific to your line of business which we believe will be of interest, using the email address which you have provided.
Occasionally we may also use your information to contact you to confirm that you are happy with our service and/or products. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail.
Your information will only be retained for a reasonable amount of time to facilitate the supply of technical information, services, products & equipment during this period.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
Whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
Indicate in the message box that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
Alternatively, please contact us by phone 01536 410999
If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at sales@prosaw.co.uk We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to Prosaw Ltd, 15 Telford Way, Kettering, Northants NN16 8UN.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
This notice was last updated May 2018
About Us
Suppliers
Company News
Sawing Times
Customer Stories
Events & Exhibitions
Accreditations
Website Links