http://www.mardon.com/privacy.php
Privacy Policy
Website Privacy Statement
Information provided to Mardon plc by the users of this website will be treated in confidence and will not be disclosed to third parties unless required to by law. Mardon plc does not store or capture personal information, unless voluntarily offered (e.g. feedback forms/emails), but merely logs the user’s IP address.
Personal Information
Certain sections of this site seek personal information on a voluntary basis: for example, to give feedback on our website. The provision of this information is optional and this will be made clear at the start of each relevant section, as will the intended use of any such information. Where the provision of personal data is required to enable us to provide a specific service to the user, the details collected will only be used for the stated purpose. Children under the age of 16 should not submit information to the website without the consent of a parent or carer.
Links to Other Sites
This privacy statement does not cover links to any other website, Mardon plc is not responsible for the practices of other sites.
Cookies
A ‘cookie’ is a piece of information stored on your hard drive which allows web servers to collect information from your visit to the site. Often this information is used to personalise your visit to the site. We do not use cookies for collecting user information from the site and we will not collect any information about you as an individual.
Notification of Changes
We will post any changes or updates to our privacy policy on this page so you will always be aware of what information will be collected, and how we intend using it. Regardless of later updates we will never use the information you submit under this current policy in a new way, without first providing you with an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prevent that use. By continuing to use this site you are considered as understanding, and agreeing, to the contents of this statement.
What Data We Gather
We may collect the following information:
Name
Contact information including email address
Website data usage
Other information relevant to client enquiries
How We Use This Data:
Collecting this data helps us understand what you are looking for from the company, enabling us to deliver improved products and services.
Specifically, we may use data:
For our own internal records
To improve products and services we provide
To contact you in response to a specific enquiry
To contact you via email, telephone or mail for targeted market research reasons
Security
We will always hold your information securely. To prevent unauthorised disclosure or access to your information, we have implemented strong physical and electronic security safeguards.
We also follow stringent procedures to ensure we work with all personal data in line with the Data Protection Act 1998 and GDPR 2016/679 where applicable.
Third Parties
We use third parties to deal with some elements of our contracts with you, such as insurance, banking and finance services. However, we only use these services under strict compliance guidelines
where the data is only processed under current legislation and in line with our policies.
Withdrawing your Consent
You may at any time withdraw the consent you provide for the processing of your Personal Data for the purposes set forth in this Privacy Notice by contacting Mardon@mardon.com provided that we are not required by applicable law or professional standards to retain such information.
Data Retention
We will retain your Personal Data for as long as you maintain an account or as otherwise necessary to fulfill contracts. We will also retain your Personal Data as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements.
Where we no longer need to process your Personal Data for the purposes set out in this Privacy Notice, we will delete your Personal Data from our systems
For more information on our Data Protection Policy click here
Download certificates
Mardon HQ/Qingdao BRC
Campden BRI Certificate
MSC Certificate
ISO (HQ Lancaster)
ASC
Soil Association Organic