http://www.phlaudio.com/privacy-policy/
PHL AudioPrivacy Policy
No personal information gathering cookie/no tracking/need-to-know privacy policy
Until further notice, www.phlaudio.com will maintain a No personal information gathering cookie/Need-to-know data sharing policy. This means no personal information gathering cookies will be issued, and third parties have no access to this database. By personal information gathering cookies we mean just that – no data gathering is performed at all.
Please note the following information regarding other types of cookie
We do use asp session objects (aka non-persistent, or session state cookies) to maintain settings for PHL AUDIO users during a logged-in session. Asp session objects exist only during the logged-in session – nothing is left on a machine once the PHL AUDIO user has logged-out.Additionally, we offer PHL AUDIO users the option of storing their log-in details in a cookie (user name and password) at sign-up to allow automatic log-in on subsequent visits. The default setting is not to store this information.
Need to know
By "need-to-know", we mean that ONLY authorized PHL AUDIO agents may access the data provided during PHL AUDIO sign-up and, even then, only the PHL AUDIO representative geographically associated with any PHL AUDIO member can access specific member information. NOTE: PHL AUDIO SA may periodically update this Privacy Policy. If so, PHL AUDIO SA will post the updated Privacy Policy on this Site. PHL AUDIO SA encourages you to review this Privacy Policy from time to time for any changes.
What information we gather/track
Membership in www.phlaudio.com requires a legitimate e-mail address, plus 11 other data fields, including user name and password. Those who do not wish to provide the requested information will not be given access to PHL AUDIO. PHL AUDIO dynamically tracks only two pieces of member data. We record and update each PHL AUDIO member's last log-in (visit) and maintain a running total of each member log-ins.
No other data is gathered or tracked! Also, we never collect information from anyone under age 16. If you are under age 16, please do not submit any personal information to our Site. If we have specific knowledge that any individual under the age of 13 has submitted personally identifiable information to the Site, we will permanently delete such information without notice. Finally, we will not bother you with unwanted spam, although we may on a rare instance, such as a new product release, major software upgrade, etc, send an informational e-mail to all PHL AUDIO members.
Privacy PolicySitemap