http://www.voelkl.com/en/data-privacy/
Privacy PolicyThank you for your interest in our homepage and our company. This website is operated by:Marker Dalbello Völkl (International) GmbHRuessenstrasse 6, CH-6341 Baar SwitzerlandTel +41 41 769-73-00Fax +41 41 769-73-92e-mail: info(at)voelkl.comFor the use of the website, the delivery of goods or the provision of services, we collect various types of data, some of which are provided by you as a user and some of which are necessary for the use of the website or arise from the use of the website. Personal data are individual details about personal or professional circumstances of a specific or identifiable natural person, such as your name, your address, your telephone number, your date of birth, your payment data and your IP address. Your personal data will only be passed on or otherwise transferred to third parties if the transfer is necessary for the purpose of contract processing (for example for payment processing or sending goods via parcel service) or if you have given your express consent. The information is not used for any other purpose and no automatic decision processing will take place.
If we use contracted service providers for individual functions of our offers via this website or would like to use your data for advertising purposes, we will inform you in detail about the respective processes below. We also specify the defined criteria for the storage period.The following data protection principles apply to the use of our website and other services offered through it (e.g. contact form, registration, shop):
1. We protect your personal data by taking all reasonable and necessary technical and organizational possibilities so that they are not accessible to unauthorized third parties. Our website and other services offered through it therefore use appropriate encryption mechanisms for the provision of content and during the input and transmission of data. When communicating by e-mail, we also recommend the use of encryption for confidential information
2. Person responsible in the meaning of. Art. 4 Para. 7 General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) is Marker Dalbello Völkl (International) GmbH I Ruessenstrasse 6 I CH-6341 Baar I Switzerland (see also via „Imprint“ at our Website).You can contact the person responsible for data protection via e-mail at privacy(at)voelkl.de or via our postal address with the addition "Data Protection".
3. Your personal data will only be passed on to third parties,if you have given your express consent pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 a) DSGOV;if the transfer is necessary for the fulfilment of contractual obligations pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 b) DSGVO;if we are legally obliged to pass on the data within the meaning of Art. 6 Par. 1 S. 1 c) DSGVO;if the disclosure of the data is in the public interest within the meaning of Art. 6 para. 1 e) DSGVO or;if the disclosure of data pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 f) DSGVO is necessary to protect our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of a third party, provided that your interests in the protection of your data do not prevail.4. If you send us e-mail messages or other messages, in particular comments, or enter them directly on the Website, we will retain such messages in order to process the request, respond to questions and improve the Website, products and services. We delete the data arising in this context after the storage is no longer necessary or limit the processing if statutory retention obligations exist.
5. If you provide feedback (for example on the Website), we may use and disclose this feedback for any purpose, as long as we do not provide it with your personal data, i.e. anonymously or pseudonymously. The collection of data contained in such feedback and the handling of all personal data contained therein is in accordance with the data protection principles set out herein.
6.You have the right to ask about your personal data free of charge at any time. Furthermore, you have the right at any time to revoke your consent to the use of your personal data with effect for the future and to request correction or deletion of the data stored by us.In particular, you have the following rights towards us with regard to the personal data related to you:Right to access information,Right to correction or erasure,right to limitation of processing,right of withdrawal of the consent to processing,Right to data transferability.You also have the right to complain to a data protection supervisory authority about our processing of your personal data. You have the following individual rights:
a)Right to information pursuant to Art. 15 GDPR on the processing of your personal data by us for processing purposes, categories of processed data, recipients or categories of recipients, duration of storage or criteria for determining the duration, right to correction, deletion, restriction of processing or objection to processing, right of appeal to the supervisory authority, information on the origin of the data where applicable and the existence of automated decision-making and, where applicable, information on guarantees pursuant to Art. 46 GDPR in the event of transfer to a third country or international organisations;
b)Right to immediate correction of incorrect or incomplete personal data in accordance with Art. 16 GDPR;
c)right to erasure of the personal data stored pursuant to Article 17 GDPR if the data are no longer necessary for the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed, if a consent granted has been revoked and there is no other legal basis, if opposition to the processing has been lodged and the data pursuant to Article 17 GDPR is no longer required. 21 para. 1 or 2 GDPR may no longer be processed if the data were processed unlawfully, if deletion is necessary to fulfil a legal obligation or if the data were collected in relation to information society services offered in accordance with Art. 8 para. 1 GDPR. This does not apply if the processing is necessary to exercise the right to freedom of expression and information, to fulfil a legal obligation, for reasons of public interest or to assert, exercise or defend legal claims;
d)the right to restrict processing in accordance with Article 18 GDPR, if you dispute the accuracy of the data (for the period necessary to verify their accuracy), if the processing is unlawful but you refuse to delete the data and instead request the restriction of use, if we no longer need the data for the purposes of processing but you need the data to assert, exercise or defend legal claims, or if you object to the processing in accordance with Article 18 GDPR. 21 para. 1 GDPR, as long as it is not yet clear whether our justified reasons outweigh your justified reasons;
e)Right to object to the processing of your personal data pursuant to Art. 21 para. 2 GDPR (if the data are processed for the purpose of direct marketing) or pursuant to Art. 21 para. 1 GDPR (if the processing is carried out pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 e) or f) GDPR, for reasons arising from your particular situation, unless we have compelling grounds for processing that outweigh your interests or the processing serves to assert, exercise or defend legal claims). Further information on the right of objection can be found in section 23 below;
f)Right to data transferability in accordance with Art. 20 GDPR, i.e. to receive the personal data concerning you that you have provided to us in a structured, current and machine-readable format or to transfer it to another person responsible;
g)Right to revoke consent granted at any time in accordance with Art. 7 para. 3 GDPR. The consequence of the revocation is that from the time of the revocation we may no longer carry out the data processing for the future.
h)Right of appeal to a supervisory authority pursuant to Art. 77 GDPR. The supervisory authority responsible for us can be found in section 4. above. The right of appeal is without prejudice to other administrative or judicial remedies.
i)Please contact the personal responsible for data protection via the contact details per Section 2 above to request information and for withdrawal as well as for notification of a request for deletion; the data protection officer will then provide the information immediately or confirm the execution of your request for deletion. A deletion requested by you will then be carried out subject to statutory retention obligations. If a deletion cannot take place completely due to legal storage obligations, we limit the processing of the data concerned and inform you accordingly.
7.Data that is provided actively by you as user of the website or services:a)As far as the website or an action via our website requires a registration, the basic data for the registration, determined by the respective registration form are transmitted, processed and stored and only collected, stored and used for the use of the website and its services. In the context of such registration we are also entitled to inform you about changes, additions or new versions of the website, changes of our terms and conditions as well as these privacy statement and additional information provided via the website as well as e.g. about new products.
b)If you register for our retailer platform, we will provide you the access data and store the necessary information to provide you the information placed in that specific platform. You may as a reseller also register directly via the link provided at our website. In such case, the data, which are necessary for the provision of information and services of such reseller platform is determined by the registration form. We will store and process such data only for the purposes of providing information and reseller services to you as a reseller. The legal basis is Art. 6 Para. 1 S. 1 lit. b GDPR.
c)If you register for the subscription of a newsletter, this registration can take place under indication of the e-mail address without further data. Additional information will not be requested.We use the so-called double opt-in procedure for sending the newsletter. As part of this process, we first send the user an e-mail to the specified e-mail address. However, the user will not receive a newsletter by e-mail until the user clicks on the link received in the e-mail and has expressly confirmed to us that we should activate the newsletter service. After your confirmation we will save your e-mail address only for the purpose of sending you the newsletter. The legal basis is Art. 6 Para. 1 S. 1 lit. a GDPR.We would like to point out that we evaluate your user behaviour when sending the newsletter. For this analysis, the e-mails sent contain so-called web beacons or tracking pixels, which represent single-pixel image files stored on our website. For evaluation purposes, we link the above data and web beacons to your e-mail address and an individual ID. You can object to this tracking at any time by clicking on the separate link provided in each e-mail or by informing us by another contact method. The information is stored for as long as you have subscribed to the newsletter. After a cancellation we store the data purely statistically and anonymously.If at any time you no longer wish to receive newsletters from us, you can object to the newsletter subscription at any time without incurring any costs other than the transmission costs according to the basic rates. A message in text form to the contact data specified in the imprint is sufficient for this. Of course, you will also find a unsubscribe link in every newsletter. If you unsubscribe, your e-mail address stored with our newsletter-provider will be deleted automatically.
d)The data created by users within the scope of using the website via a login or a newsletter registration are stored on servers operated in our name. Those service providers are contractually bound by an agreement as per Art. 28 GDPR. However, the server operators are subject to the same data protection standards as we are and are operated in the European Union.
e)To prevent unauthorized access to your personal data, our website is encrypted using HTTPS technology.
8.Data collected directly in the context of your use of the website:a)While a purely informational use of the website, i.e. if you do not register or otherwise provide us with information, we only collect the personal data that your browser transmits to our server. If you wish to view our website, we collect the following data, which are technically necessary for us to display our website to you and to guarantee its stability and security (legal basis is Art. 6 Para. 1 S. 1 lit. f GDPR):IP address (stored shortened in accordance with data protection regulations)date and time of the requestTime zone difference to Greenwich Mean Time (GMT)Content of the request (specific page)Access status/HTTP status codethe amount of data transferred in each caseWebsite from which the request originatesBrowser name and version, language settingb)When you visit our website and when using the services offered via the website, the server sends one or more cookies - small files containing a string of characters - to the user's computer or other data processing unit, which uniquely identifies the browser. We use cookies to improve the quality of the website, including to store usage preferences and track user trends.Cookies can be set in one of the following types:Transient cookies are automatically deleted when you close your browser. This includes in particular the session cookies. These store a so-called session ID, with which different requests of your browser can be assigned to the common session. This will allow your computer to be recognized when you return to our website. Session cookies are deleted when you log out or close your browser.Persistent cookies are automatically deleted after a specified period, which may vary depending on the cookie. You can delete cookies at any time in the security settings of your browser.Third-party cookies are cookies that are set by third parties and can be either transient or persistent cookies.c)You can set your browser to notify you when a cookie is sent. This opens up the possibility of either accepting or rejecting a cookie. The information collected and analyzed is used to improve the services and the website, to personalize the web experience, and to allow easy login to permanently set login cookies.
d)We may use the services of third parties to evaluate the efficiency of the website and services and to determine how visitors use the website and or the services and, where appropriate, to provide a personalized user experience when evaluating cookies. The website may use web beacons (tracking pixels) and cookies provided by third parties for this purpose. The information collected by the provider includes the pages visited, navigation patterns and similar data. This data enables us to find out which product information is most interesting for users and which offers users prefer to view. Furthermore, we do not exclude the possibility that we transmit anonymous usage data for market research purposes. Although we may have commissioned third parties to log the data originating from our website, we have control over how this data may or may not be used. The cookie itself does not contain any personal data, but if you provide personal data when visiting the website and do not delete the cookie from your browser after providing this data, the provider collects the non-personal data stored in the cookie (such as the number of visits to the provider) and stores and processes this anonymously.
9.Data collected in the context of the use of the website by analysis tools (WebAnalytics) used by us with our website:a)We use Google Analytics to analyse and regularly improve the use of our website. We can improve our offer and make it more interesting for you as a user. Google Analytics is a web analysis service of Google Inc. "("Google"), which uses cookies to analyse your use of the website.The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is usually transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there. However, by activating IP anonymisation by us on this website, Google will previously reduce your IP address within Member States of the European Union or in other states party to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. For exceptional cases in which personal data may transferred to the USA, Google has submitted to the EU-US Privacy Shield, www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework. The legal basis for the use of Google Analytics is Art. 6 Par. 1 S. 1 lit. f GDPR.On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on website activity and to provide the Internet use.You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. You can also prevent Google from collecting the data generated by the cookie and relating to your use of the website (including your IP address) and from processing this data by Google by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under the following link: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.Information to be provided where personal data are collected from the data subject ART. 13 of the GDPRAlternatively you can deactivate Google Analytics with this link.Third-party information: Google Dublin, Google Ireland Ltd, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, Fax: +353 (1) 436 1001. Terms of Use: www.google.com/analytics/terms/de.html, Privacy Policy: www.google.com/intl/de/analytics/learn/privacy.html, and Privacy Policy: http://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy.b)This website also uses the online marketing tool DoubleClick by Google. DoubleClick uses cookies to serve ads relevant to users, improve campaign performance reports, or to prevent a user from seeing the same ads more than once. Google uses a cookie ID to track which ads are displayed in which browser and to prevent them from being displayed more than once. In addition, DoubleClick may use cookie IDs to collect conversions related to ad requests. This is the case, for example, when a user sees a DoubleClick ad and later visits the advertiser's website with the same browser and buys something there. According to Google, DoubleClick cookies do not contain any personal information.Due to the marketing tools used, your browser automatically establishes a direct connection to the Google server. We have no influence on the extent and the further use of the data collected by Google through the use of this tool and therefore inform you according to our level of knowledge: By integrating DoubleClick, Google receives the information that you have called the corresponding part of our Internet presence or clicked on an advertisement from us. If you are registered with a Google service, Google may associate your visit with your account. Even if you are not registered with Google or have not logged in, it is possible that the provider may obtain and store your IP address.You can prevent participation in this tracking process in various ways: a) by setting your browser software accordingly, in particular by suppressing third-party cookies, you will not receive any ads from third-party providers; b) by deactivating cookies for conversion tracking, by setting your browser so that cookies are blocked by the domain "www.googleadservices.com", www.google.de/settings/ads, this setting being deleted when you delete your cookies; c) by deactivating the interest-based ads of the providers that are part of the "About Ads" self-regulation campaign via the link www.aboutads.info/choices, this setting being deleted when you delete your cookies; d) by permanently deactivating Firefox, Internet Explorer or Google Chrome in your browsers under the link www.google.com/settings/ads/plugin. Please note that in this case you may not be able to use all functions of this offer in full. The legal basis for the processing of your data is Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f DS-GMO.Third-party information: www.google.de/doubleclick and support.google.com/adsense/answer/2839090, as well as data protection at Google in general: www.google. de/intl/en/policies/privacy. Alternatively, you can visit the website of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) at www.networkadvertising.org Google has submitted to the EU-US Privacy Shield, https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework.10.Social-Media-Links and Third-Party Servicesa)We currently use the following social media links, both on our website and in our e-mail footer: Facebook, Twitter, Instagram. We use only a https-link to the relevant site. This means that when you visit our site, no personal data is initially passed on to the providers of the Social Media. You can recognize the provider of the Social Media Provider by the logo shown and/or the additional text information. We offer you the possibility to communicate directly with the provider of the Social Media via such a link. But only if you click on the link, you will be forwarded to the relevant Social Media provider and such provider receives the information that you have accessed the corresponding website. Since the Social Media provider collects data mainly via cookies, we recommend that you delete all cookies before clicking on the link by using your browser's security settings.We have no influence on the data collected and data processing processes, nor are we aware of the full extent of data collection, the purposes of processing, the storage periods. We also have no information on the deletion of the data collected by the Social Media provider. That information will be provided to you by the relevant Social Media provider within the agreement, you have with the relevant providerThe Social Media provider may store the data collected about you as user profiles and uses these for the purposes of advertising, market research and/or demand-oriented design of its website. You have a right of objection to the creation of these user profiles, whereby you must contact the respective Social Media provider to exercise this right. The data may be collected by the relevant Social Media provider, regardless of whether you have an account with this Social Media provider and are logged in there. If you are logged in with the Social Media provider, your data collected may directly be assigned to your existing account with the Social Media provider. We recommend that you log out regularly after using a social network, especially before activating the button, as this way you can avoid being assigned to your profile with the plug-in provider.Further information on the purpose and scope of data collection and its processing by the Social Media provider can be found in the data protection declarations of these providers notified below. They will also provide you with further information about your rights in this regard and setting options to protect your privacy:Facebook Inc., 1601 S California Ave, Palo Alto, California 94304, USA; www.facebook.com/policy.php; further information in regard to personal data processed and/or stored: www.facebook.com/help/186325668085084, www.facebook.com/about/privacy/your-info-on-other as well as www.facebook.com/about/privacy/your-info. Facebook has submitted to the EU-US Privacy Shield, www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework.Twitter, Inc., 1355 Market St, Suite 900, San Francisco, California 94103, USA; twitter.com/privacy. Twitter has submitted to the EU-US Privacy Shield, www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework.Instagram LLC, 1601 Willow Rd. Menlo Park, CA 94025, USA. The latest data protection information on the "Instagram button" and additional information can be found on this website: help.instagram.com/155833707900388/ Instagram as a Facebook Company has submitted to the EU-US Privacy Shield, https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework.b)We have included YouTube videos in our website, which are stored on www.YouTube.com and can be played directly from our website. These are all integrated in the "extended data protection mode", i.e. no data about you as a user will be transmitted to YouTube if you do not play the videos. Only when you play the videos will the above data be transmitted. We have no influence on this data transmission.By visiting the website, YouTube receives the information that you have accessed the corresponding subpage of our website. In addition, further data is transmitted. This is independent of whether YouTube provides a user account through which you are logged in or whether no user account exists. If you are logged in to Google, your information will be directly associated with your account. If you do not wish to be associated with your profile on YouTube, you must log out before activating the button. YouTube stores your data as user profiles and uses them for purposes of advertising, market research and/or demand-oriented design of its website. Such evaluation takes place in particular (even for unlogged-in users) to provide demand-oriented advertising and to inform other users of the social network about your activities on our website. You have the right to object to the creation of these user profiles, and you must contact YouTube to exercise this right.For more information on the purpose and scope of data collection and processing by YouTube, please refer to the privacy policy. There you will also find further information about your rights and setting options to protect your privacy: www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy. Google also processes your personal data in the USA and has submitted to the EU-US Privacy Shield, https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework.c)We have Vimeo for the hosting of videos in our website, which are stored by Vimeo and can be played directly from our website. When you play the videos, Vimeo may receive the following data: IP address, your browser type and language, access times, the content of any undeleted cookies that your browser previously accepted from Vimeo and the referring website address. We have no influence on this data transmission.For more information on the purpose and scope of data collection and processing by Vimeo, please refer to the privacy policy vimeo.com/privacy.. There you will also find further information about your rights and setting options to protect your privacy.d)On this website we use the offer of Google Maps. This allows us to display interactive maps directly on the website and enables you to conveniently use the map function.By visiting the website und using Google Maps, Google receives the information that you have called up the corresponding subpage of our website. This is regardless of whether Google provides a user account that you are logged in with or whether no user account exists. If you are logged in to Google, your information will be directly associated with your account. If you do not wish to be associated with your profile on Google, you must log out before activating the button. Google stores your data as usage profiles and uses them for purposes of advertising, market research and/or demand-oriented design of its website. Such evaluation takes place in particular (even for unlogged-in users) to provide demand-oriented advertising and to inform other users of the social network about your activities on our website. You have the right to object to the creation of these user profiles, and you must contact Google to exercise this right.For more information about the purpose and scope of data collection and its processing by the plug-in provider, please refer to the provider's privacy policy. There you will also find further information about your rights in this regard and setting options for the protection of your privacy: www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy. Google also processes your personal data in the USA and has submitted to the EU-US Privacy Shield, https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework.e)A dealer search can be carried out via the website. This uses your input, e.g. a postcode, as a basis for an interactive map that uses Google Maps to show you dealers matching your search query. The entry is only used to display the matching search result and is not saved.
f)Touring tips can be used via the website. This service is provided on our behalf by Outdooractive GmbH & Co. KG, Missener Straße 18, 87509 Immenstadt, Germany. If you call this website, the location of your computer is requested to simplify the search; you can decide whether you want to allow this function or whether you want to use the location search manually. To have your settings via the search available during your use, a cookie is set on your computer, but is deleted when you close your browser.Additional information on data protection using this service can be found at https://corporate.outdooractive.com/de/datenschutzrichtlinien/g)For the uniform representation of fonts, this page uses web fonts provided by Google. When you open a page, your browser loads the required web fonts into your browser cache to display texts and fonts correctly.For this purpose, your browser has to establish a direct connection to Google servers. Google thus becomes aware that our web page was accessed via your IP address. The use of Google Web fonts is done in the interest of a uniform and attractive presentation of our website. This constitutes a justified interest pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (f) DSGVO. If your browser does not support web fonts, a standard font is used by your computer.Further information about handling user data, can be found at https://developers.google.com/fonts/faq and in Google’s privacy policy at https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/.
Your favorites
+
Product was added to your favorites.
Show favorites