http://www.advanceadapters.com/privacy.php
Home›Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Advance Adapters has created this privacy policy to demonstrate our commitment to the privacy of the users of our websites. Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy, and how we treat personally identifiable information collected from our visitors and users.What this Privacy Policy CoversThis privacy policy covers Advance Adapters treatment of personally identifiable information collected by Advance Adapters through a website owned and operated by Advance Adapters.This privacy policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Advance Adapters does not own or control, or of persons that Advance Adapters does not employ or manage, including any third-party content contributors bound by contract and any third-party websites to which Advance Adapters websites link.Collection and Use of Personal InformationYou can visit the websites of Advance Adapters without revealing any personal information. However, Advance Adapters needs certain personal information if you wish to purchase our products, register for an affiliate account, receive Advance Adapters newsletter, or use certain Advance Adapters services.Where required, this information may include your personal contact information and/or your company contact information. Advance Adapters will use this information to reply to your inquiries, to provide you with requested products and services, to set up your member's account, and to contact you regarding new products and services.By accessing the services of Advance Adapters and voluntarily providing us with the requested personal information, you consent to the collection and use of the information in accordance with this privacy policy.Collection and Use of Non-Personal InformationAdvance Adapters automatically receives and records non-personal information on our server logs from your browser including your IP address, cookie information and the page you requested. Advance Adapters may use this information to customize the advertising and content you see and to fulfill your requests for certain products and services. However, Advance Adapters does not connect this non-personal data to any personal information collected from you.Advance Adapters also allows third party companies that are presenting advertisements on some of our pages to set and access their cookies on your computer. Again, these cookies are not connected to any personal information. Third party cookie usage is subject to their own privacy policies, and Advance Adapters assumes no responsibility or liability for this usage.Information Sharing and DisclosureAdvance Adapters may disclose your personal information to third parties who work on behalf of Advance Adapters to provide products and services requested by you. We will share personal information for these purposes only with third parties whose privacy policies are consistent with ours or who agree to abide by our policies with respect to personal information.Advance Adapters may otherwise disclose your personal information when:
We have your express consent to share the information for a specified purpose;
We need to respond to subpoenas, court orders or such other legal process;
We need to protect the personal safety of the users of our websites or defend the rights or property of Advance Adapters;
We find that your actions on our websites violate the Advance Adapters Terms of Use document or any of our usage guidelines for specific products or services.ConsentIf you do not consent to the collection, use or disclosure of your personal information as outlined in this policy, please do not provide any personal information to Advance Adapters. If you have provided personal information to Advance Adapters and no longer consent to its use or disclosure as outlined herein, please notify Advance Adapters at sales@advanceadapters.comSecurityUnfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be considered 100% secure. However, your Advance Adapters information protected for your privacy and security. In certain areas of our websites, as identified on the site, Advance Adapters uses industry-standard SSL-encryption to protect data transmissions.We also safeguard your personal information from unauthorized access, through access control procedures, network firewalls and physical security measures.Further, Advance Adapters retains your personal information only as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes identified above or as required by law.Changes to this Privacy PolicyAdvance Adapters may at any time, without notice to you and in its sole discretion, amend this policy from time to time. Please review this policy periodically. Your continued use of Advance Adapters websites after any such amendments signifies your acceptance thereof.
Tech Vault
Our Technical Data Knowledge Base contains information............ Learn More ›
Testimonials
See what others are saying about Advance Adapters!! Click Here!
Contact Us
Call us today at 800.350.2223 or email us directly here!