http://www.futureproductions.net/privacy
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: February 10, 2017
www.futureproductions.net - PRIVACY POLICY
Future Productions, LLC ("we", "us", "our") are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This Privacy Policy (together with our Terms of Use www.futureproductions.net/terms) and any other documents referred to in this Privacy Policy) describes how we collect, receive, use, transfer or otherwise process information (which may include personal information) we collect from you, or that you provide to us, through our website (“Site”) (collectively the “Service”). Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to understand how we will treat your information.
BY DOWNLOADING AND/OR USING THE SERVICE, YOU ARE ACCEPTING AND CONSENTING TO THE PRACTICES DESCRIBED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY (AS UPDATED OR AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME). IF, FOR ANY REASON, YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE STOP USING THIS SITE IMMEDIATELY.
Please click on the sections below to learn more about our Privacy Policy:
WHO WE ARE
INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT FROM YOU
INFORMATION WE COLLECT FROM OTHER SOURCES
HOW YOUR INFORMATION MAY BE USED
DISCLOSURES OF YOUR INFORMATION
SOCIAL SHARING FEATURES
STORAGE AND TRANSFER OF INFORMATION
CHILDREN
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
YOUR CHOICES
SECURITY
LINKS TO THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
CONTACT
WHO WE ARE
This Service is operated by Future Productions, LLC. As used in this Privacy Policy, the terms "Future Productions, LLC Companies", "we", "us" and "our" refer to Future Productions, LLC and all entities it controls, is controlled by or is under common control with, including subsidiaries, joint ventures or other entities in whom Future Productions, LLC has a substantial ownership interest. If you would like a list of relevant entities, please send an email to privacy@futureproductions.net.
INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT FROM YOU
When you use the Service, you may provide us with, and we may collect from you, information that relates to you, including your personal information.
You may provide us with your information in a number of ways, including:
completing forms on the Service (such as "Contact Us" forms);
corresponding with us by e-mail, phone or otherwise;
subscribing to email updates, newsletters or other subscriptions and features made available on the Service from time to time;
reporting a problem or requesting support for the Service;
make a purchase from us using the Service;
creating an account and/or signing in to our Service, including signing in using your social media account(s);
communicating with us through third party social media websites or applications; and
participating in our contests, promotions, sweepstakes or surveys on the Service.
The information you give us may include your name, address, e-mail address, phone number, date of birth, photos, videos, payment information and social media account details (such as Facebook and Twitter).
Information we collect about you
With regard to your use of the Service, we may automatically collect the following information:
technical information, including IP address, login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system, platform, device type, hardware model, MAC address, unique device identifiers and mobile network information;
information about your visit, including the full URL clickstream to, through and from our Service (including date and time);
information about your network, such as information about devices, nodes, configurations, connection speeds, and network and application performance;
pages you viewed or searched for; page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page.
Events Information
If you attend a Miss USA or Miss Teen USA State Pageant where we or any of the other Future Productions, LLC Companies, are capturing audio and video recordings, we may also collect sounds clips and images of you.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT FROM OTHER SOURCES
We may receive information about you (including your personal information) if you use any of the other websites operated by the Future Productions, LLC Companies or the other services the Future Productions, LLC Companies provide. In this case we will inform you when we collect that information that it may be shared internally and combined with information collected on the Service. We may also receive and display information and content which you make publicly available on your social media account.
If you log in to or access the Service using a third-party social media platform, we will have access to certain information from that platform, such as your email address, friends list and profile information.
We also work closely with third parties (including, for example, business partners, sub-contractors in technical services, advertising networks, analytics providers and search information providers) and may receive information about you from them.
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We may use information we have about you in the following ways:
Information you give to us. We will use this information to:
help us respond to your queries;
carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered in to between you and us and to provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us;
send you our newsletter, email updates and other subscriptions which we make available from time to time and which you subscribe to receiving;
provide you with information about other goods and services we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about;
provide you, or permit selected third parties to provide you, with information about content, goods or services we feel may interest you;
notify you about changes to our Service and other services;
ensure that content from our Service is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;
facilitate contests, promotions, sweepstakes or surveys on the Service;
monitor and analyse trends, usage and activities in connection with the Service;
as necessary if we believe there has been a breach of the Terms of Use or the rights of any third party; and
comply with legal and regulatory requirements.
Information we collect about you. We will use this information:
to administer the Service and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
to improve the Service to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;
to allow you to participate in interactive features of the Service, when you choose to do so;
as part of our efforts to keep the Service safe and secure;
to measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you;
to provide you with information on venues, events, exhibits, and special offers based on your physical proximity to them during and after a Miss USA or Miss Teen USA State Pageant, if you consent to our collection of your geolocation data;
to monitor and analyse trends, usage and activities in connection with the Service; and
to make suggestions and recommendations to you and other users of our Service about goods or services that may interest you or them.
Information we receive from other sources.
We may combine information we receive from other sources with information you give to us and information we collect about you. We may use this combined information for the purposes set out above.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may share your personal information with any of the Future Productions, LLC Companies (including WME IMG, LLC) and with selected third parties including:
business partners, suppliers and sub-contractors for the performance of any contract we enter into with them or you in order to provide you with a product or service;
business partners, suppliers and sub-contractors to provide you with information about promotions and offers;
aggregated, anonymised or other data to advertisers, advertising networks and social networks that require the data to select and serve relevant adverts to you and others. We may also use aggregate information to help advertisers reach the kind of audience they want to target. We may make use of the personal information we have collected from you to enable us to comply with our advertisers' wishes by displaying their advertisement to that target audience; and
analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of the Service.
We may disclose your personal information to third parties:
in the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal information to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets;
if the Future Productions, LLC companies that control this Service or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal information held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets;
if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal information in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in the event of an emergency, or in order to enforce or apply our Terms of Use
and other agreements, or to protect the rights, property, or safety of the Heed Companies, our customers, clients or others; and
to any other third party with your prior consent to do so.
SOCIAL SHARING FEATURES
The Service may offer social sharing features and other integrated tools such as the Facebook "like" button, which lets you share actions you take on the Service with other media and vice versa. Your use of such features enables the sharing of information with your friends or the public, depending on the settings you establish with the entity that provides the social sharing feature. For more information about the purpose and scope of data collection and processing in connection with social sharing features, please visit the privacy policies of the entities that provide these features.
STORAGE AND TRANSFER OF INFORMATION
Your information may be stored on servers in the United States and is subject to the laws of the United States, where the data protection and other laws may differ from those of other countries. Your information may be disclosed in response to inquiries or requests from government authorities or to respond to judicial process in the countries in which we operate. By otherwise providing information to us, you consent to the processing, transfer and storage of information in and to the United States and other countries, where you may not have the same rights and protections as you do under local law.
CHILDREN
By using this Service, you agree to respond truthfully and accurately about your age if asked. We do not knowingly collect information from children who are 13 years old or younger. If you are 13 years old or younger, you may not submit any personal information to us.
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits users of the Service that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request pursuant to California Civil Code Section 1798.83, please send an e­mail to privacy@futureproductions.net.
YOUR CHOICES
You may have the opportunity to receive certain communications from us related to the Service. If you provide us with your email address in order to receive communications, you can opt out at any time by using the unsubscribe links at the bottom of our emails.
SECURITY
We have implemented commercially reasonable technical and organisational procedures measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and unauthorised access, use, alteration or disclosure. However, the internet is an open system and we cannot and do not guarantee or warrant the security of any information that you transmit on or through the Service or that we otherwise maintain.
LINKS TO THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
Our Service, newsletters, email updates and other communications may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of others, including our partner networks, retail partners, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
Any changes we may make to our Privacy Policy will be posted on this page. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree or consent to these updates or changes, do not continue to use the Service.
CONTACT
Questions, comments and requests regarding this Privacy Policy should be emailed to privacy@futureproductions.net.