http://www.shipsurance.com/privacy
Shipsurance - Privacy Policy
|
Buy Now
|
Request a Quote
|
Contact
Chat Support
866.852.9956
Toggle navigation
Coverage
Solutions
Technology
Integration (API)
Industry
About
Why Us
Testimonials
Partners
Trust Badges
Contact Us
Claims
Questions
Login
Privacy PolicyUpdated 5/12/2014
Home
Privacy
Privacy and Data Security
Your right to privacy and data security is a primary concern to Shipsurance.
Shipsurance only asks for specific types of personal information
Shipsurance only collects personal information when you are purchasing insurance or requesting a policy quote.
In each of these instances, Shipsurance asks for your name, address, e-mail address, phone number, as well as other similar personal information that is needed to purchase insurance or request a quote. If Shipsurance ever asks for significantly different information you will be informed. In the case of newsletters or mailing lists, you will be able to "unsubscribe" to these mailings at any time.
Shipsurance only uses your personal information for specific purposes
The information you provide will be kept confidential and used to support your customer relationship with Shipsurance and process your requests.
Credit card and financial information
Shipsurance DOES NOT store any credit card information in our database. When an insurance order is placed with us online, your credit card information is transmitted securely to our merchant account with 256 bit encryption.
Shipsurance will not disclose your personal information to any outside organization for its use in marketing without your consent
Information regarding you (such as name, address and phone number), your information requests, or your order information will not be given or sold to any outside non-affiliated organization for its use in marketing or solicitation without your consent. Your information may be shared with agents, contractors, or affiliates of Shipsurance for the purpose of performing services for Shipsurance. Additionally, we may share your shipping addresses, values, and tracking numbers of shipments to our affiliates for statistical analysis, reporting, and deliverability. Purchasing coverage via our website will subscribe users to our email list. We will only contact users with system updates and notifications. To remove yourself from any email lists, please contact us.
Analytics Tools
We use analytics tools and other third party technologies, such as Google Analytics, to collect non-personal information in the form of various usage and user metrics when you use our online Sites and/or Services. These tools and technologies collect and analyze certain types of information, including cookies, IP addresses, device and software identifiers, referring and exit URLs, onsite behavior and usage information, feature use metrics and statistics, usage and purchase history, MAC Address, mobile unique device ID, and other similar information.
The third party analytics companies who collect information on our website may combine the information collected with other information they have independently collected from other websites and/or other online or mobile products and services relating to your activities across their network of websites as well as online and/or mobile products and services. Many of these companies collect and use information under their own privacy policies. Third party vendors, including Google, show our ads on sites on the internet. Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user’s prior visits to Shipsurance.com.
You may opt out of Google Analytics by visiting the Google Analytics opt-out page.
Google has additional information available about their Remarketing Privacy Guidelines, Policies, and Restrictions. Please contact us if you have any questions.
Copyright © 2003- 2020 Shipsurance®
Licensed by the CDI Number 0E39065
No part of this web site may be copied or reproduced. Designated trademarks and brands are the property of their respective owners and do not indicate an endorsement of Shipsurance from these companies.
Holiday Shipping Tips
Conditions of Use | Privacy Policy
Phone
866-852-9956
Fax
818-668-8888