https://www.californiachickengrill.com/privacy
Shopping Cart
100% Complete
Login or ContinueCreate Account
Log In
Create Account
Facebook
or
Create an Account
Forgot Password?
Log In
By Logging In I Agree To The Privacy Policy.
Continue as Guest
Get started checking out restaurants and food - you willhave an option to create an account at checkout if desired.
Order Settings
This restaurant is not available for this address. Change address or click below to view available restaurants.
We're sorry, but the address you entered is outside of our service area.
We're sorry, but we are unable to find the address you entered.
Please ensure that you have entered it accurately.
Enter Your Street Address
ZIP Code
Save
This restaurant is currently not available for ASAP ordering or is unavailable at your selected time.
Please see the available ordering hours below.
To schedule a future order, please select a date and time.
If there are still times available today then the earliest has already been selected for you.
Please select an available date & time below.
Although this restaurant is open during your selected date & time, it is outside of our delivery service hours. Please select a different delivery date & time to proceed.
This location requires you to place your order at least
in advance.
You must select a time before proceeding.
Select Date & Time
First Available Time:
Switching your order time may remove some items from your order if the item is not available for your selected time.
Log In
Save
View available restaurants
E-Store
No Thanks
Checkout
Restaurant menu's
Order History
Profile
Addresses
Credit Cards
Rewards History
Contact Us
Logout
Login / Register
Home
About Us Contact Us Gift Certificate My Account
Privacy Policy
Track
Login
Shopping Cart
Thank you for visiting us online.
We are committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and secure online experience. You can travel through most of our website without giving us any personal information but sometimes we do need it to provide services that you requested.
This statement was created in order to demonstrate our commitment to your privacy.
1.
Types of information collected
We require customer contact information, (such as name, phone number, address, and e-mail address).
This information is only obtained when voluntarily submitted by you.
Customer contact information is used to send the information about our company, and contact the customer.
We distribute the customer's contact information to, and only to, the restaurant that the customer has placed an order.
When an order is placed, the restaurant is sent an e-mail or fax with the customer's contact information so that the restaurant can ensure that their meals meets the customer's expectations.
We continually monitor our website for errors and if one occurs, information about your web browser may be collected to assist us in correcting the problem.
2.
Statistical information about your visit
When you visit our site, our computers may collect statistics about your visit. This information is used to monitor statistics such as how many people visit our site, the user's IP address, which pages people visit, from which domains our visitors use and the browsers people use most. These statistics are used to help us improve the performance of our Web site.
Financial information (credit card numbers, credit card expiration dates, billing address, etc.) is required for most purchases. Customers must provide this financial information, so that we can collect payment for services ordered on the website. Customers have the option of keeping credit card information on file with their account. If a customer chooses not to save their financial information on file, it will only be used to collect payment for the order(s) placed during the order session in which it was given.
3.
Use of your personal information
Personal information may be collected from you in order to get your feedback our our website, send you emails of our promotions/coupons, or emails on updates.
We may use your personal information for several purposes such as:
1. To make our website easier for you to use by not requiring you to enter your personal information more than once.
2. To help you quickly find services or information.
3. To contact you when you have received an error while using our website so we can help you solve the problem.
We will disclose your information, without notice, only as follows:
1. To obey orders of the law or comply with legal process served.
2. To protect and defend the rights or property.
3. To act in urgent circumstances to protect our website, it's employees or the public.
4.
Control of your personal information
we will not sell, transfer or disclose your personal information to third parties.
5.
Security of your personal information
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control.
Only authorized employees are permitted to have access to this information and is limited by need.
All of our employees abide by our Privacy Policy, or face termination.
We use secure connections (SSL) during Registration and Checkout, which means information is encrypted before it is sent over the Internet between your computer and our computers.
When we receive your personal and financial information, it is stored and protected by a firewall.
The firewall is designed to protect anyone from viewing, stealing or accessing information.
6.
Use of Cookies
"Cookies" are pieces of information that a web site transfers to an individual's hard drive for record-keeping purposes. We use a feature of your browser to set a "cookie" on your computer.
This allows us to link from screen to screen, while maintaining a shopping cart for your visit.
We also use cookies allow the web site to remembers important information that will make your used of the site more convenient.
Cookies, by themselves, cannot be used to find out the identity of the user.
Like most web sites, we use cookies for a variety of purposes in order to improve your on-line experience.
Use the options on your web browser if you do not wish to receive a cookie or if you wish to set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie.
Click on the "Help" section of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences (to reject cookies or to choose which cookies to accept).
7.
Changes to our privacy policy
If a change is made to our Privacy Statement and/or the way we used our customer's personal or financial information, we will post a notice of the change on the front page of this Privacy statement, as well as on the home page.
General Conditions
By simply placing an order, each customer implicitly and fully complies with the present general conditions. With the goal of satisfying the customer, we may modify the following sales conditions as well as its product range. Customers will be notified of any changes via our webpage.
1.
Products and Services
When a customer places an order by phone or online, the customer agrees with the placement of the order once it has been submitted. No objections regarding the quantity will be accepted after the delivery driver has made the delivery.
The order can neither be exchanged nor taken back to the restaurant once it has been received. We decline all responsibility if the products are not consumed immediately or if they are delivered outside the indicated delivery time. The timeframe is only given as an estimate and subject to delays due to inclement weather or traffic delays.
In case the customer is absent at the time of delivery, we will be obliged to charge the delivery fee twice for a return trip.
We carefully selects the quality offered by each of its partner restaurants in terms of preparation.
We must be immediately informed of any disputes regarding the quality of the meals delivered. In such cases, the disputed dishes can be returned to usin full in exchange for another meal delivered by us.
2.
Orders and delivery
We can take your orders as long as the selected restaurant is open.
The orders are delivered directly to the specified addresses in the shortest possible time.We cannot be held responsible for any errors or late delivery in the event the information given by the customer is incomplete or inaccurate. We therefore recommend you check the accuracy of your contact details prior to submitting your order.
We cannot be held responsible for any late delivery or failed attempt to deliver if the delivery driver cannot access the premises.
Any additional orders requiring an extra delivery will incur supplementary delivery charges.
3.
Sales Products
The menu items and prices are subject to change.
The prices listed do not include sales tax and will be applied to your total.
4.
Payment
There are four methods of payment:
a. Cash payment upon delivery. For security reasons, our delivery drivers only carry a small amount of change.
b. Credit card payment over the phone or Internet.
We offer you the possibility of paying your order by credit card (Mastercard, Visa).
Any rejection of the credit card by the banking institution may lead to the cancellation of the order or the collection of the amount owed by the customer in cash upon delivery.
For security reasons, we ask that the credit card be presented upon delivery of the meal.
c. Check
We offer you the possibility of paying your order by a personal or company check.
You will need your name, address, phone number and drivers license on the check and may be asked to show your identification upon delivery to for security reasons.
d. Gift Certificate
Gift certificate purchased on our site can be redeemed on the phone or on the website .
You can use the gift certificate for your meal, delivery fees, or driver gratuities. Gift certificates from partner-restaurants are not valid with us and can only be used at the restaurant.
5.
Legal Information
We declare that all personal data will be treated in accordance with the December 8, 1992 privacy law. By agreeing with the general sales conditions, the customer agrees to receive occasional information about products and services from us and our partners.
1904 W Pensacola St, Tallahassee, FL
Monday - Saturday: 11:00am - 3:00am|Sunday: 11:00am - 1:00am
Home |
Order Now |
Specials & Free Stuff |
Gift Certificates |
Contact Us
© 2016 California Chicken Grill
Privacy Policy
Powered by ActiveMenus Online Ordering
Powered by ActiveMenus Online Ordering
Account Verification
Please confirm or update your number so we can verify your account.
Phone Number
Ext.
Save and Verify by Text
Save and Verify by Call
Please enter the code:
Confirm
If you did not receive a code, you can send a new one above.