https://www.evian.com/en_us/privacy-policy/
Privacy policyEffective Date: July 15, 2019Danone Waters of America (“DWA”), provides this privacy policy to describe how we collect and use the information you provide to us through DWA -controlled websites and digital properties where this privacy policy is posted (each a “DWA Property” and collectively “DWA Properties”). This privacy policy does not apply to information collected by us offline or through any other means, including on any other website operated by DWA, or to information collected by any third party (including our affiliates and subsidiaries), including through any website that may be linked to or accessible from DWA Properties. Please read this policy to understand how we will treat the personal information that you give to us. Your use of any DWA Property constitutes your agreement to the terms of this Privacy Policy. Collection of Information Through DWA PropertiesCollection of Personal InformationYou can visit and browse a DWA Property without providing personal information about yourself. However, your choice not to provide personal information may impact your ability to participate in or use certain features of a DWA Property. You may choose to voluntarily disclose personal information about yourself. Personal information is your name, postal address, telephone number, and e-mail address. You may provide us with personal information in the following ways:Sweepstakes & Contests. To participate in an online sweepstakes, we may require you to register and provide us with personal information and certain other information including a username and password. This Privacy Policy applies to sweepstakes we may administer online including through DWA channels on Facebook, Twitter, or other social media or digital platforms. We will use the information you provide us for purposes including administering the sweepstakes and purposes disclosed at the time of registration. You should carefully review the Official Rules of any sweepstakes or contest in which you participate. You may also choose to review the policies of the social media platforms on which any of our sweepstakes or contests may run, such as Facebook or Twitter, as they may contain additional important and applicable information.Promotional Emails. Through various DWA Properties, you may be able to request to receive promotional emails from us. We may also ask if you want to receive such promotional emails from us during a sweepstakes or promotion registration process or other features on a DWA Property. If you want to receive our promotional emails, you will be asked to provide certain personal information and areas of interest so that we can fulfill your request. If you would like to stop receiving such promotional emails, please refer to the opt-out provisions within the email.Online Communities. To participate in an online community, we may require you to register and provide us with certain personal information and certain other information including a username and password. We may use the information you provide us for purposes that include monitoring and operating the online community, responding to your specific questions or concerns, and providing you with relevant content and advertising. Please keep in mind that any information you post is available to be viewed by the public. You should exercise caution in determining what information you post. DWA cannot prevent further disclosure of information from your posts and is not responsible in any way for such use of the information. You should carefully review the Terms of Use of any online community you participate in as they may contain additional important information.Contact Us. If you contact us with a question or comment, we may ask for personal information, along with your feedback, so that we can properly address your concern.Collection and Use of Non-Personal InformationWhen you visit a DWA Property certain information about your visit may be automatically logged, including the Internet Service Provider and IP address through which you access the Internet, the date and time you access our site, the pages you access while at our website, and the Internet address of the website, if any, from which you directly accessed our site. We may use this information to improve your experience, operate our site, for marketing and advertising, and for other operational purposes.When you visit DWA Properties, we may set a “cookie” on your browser. A cookie is a small piece of data that is set on your Web browser that allows websites to distinguish between visitors, analyze traffic patterns through our DWA Properties, and for advertising and other purposes.We may also use “pixels,” or transparent images, to help manage online advertising. These pixels are provided by our ad management partner. These files enable us or our partner to recognize a cookie on your Web browser, which in turn enables us to learn which advertisements bring users to our website.Most Web browser software automatically accepts cookies, but you can change your browser setting to block cookies on your browser. How to turn off all cookies differs for each web browser (e.g., Internet Explorer, Mozilla, Chrome, etc.) so you may wish to consult your browser’s “Help” menu for additional information.Some browsers have a do-not-track mechanism designed to let you signal to websites that you do not want your online activities to be tracked. These mechanisms are not yet uniform, and there isn’t yet a consensus on how to respond to these signals, so we do not respond to these signals or obligate third parties that may have content or services available on DWA Properties to honor these signals.Online AdvertisingTo provide you a more relevant and interesting experience, DWA may work with third party companies to display ads on the DWA Properties and elsewhere on the Internet. These companies may use cookies (a small text file), pixels, or similar technologies that are placed in browsers to gather information about your visits to a DWA Property as well as your visits elsewhere on the Internet. These companies use this information to provide you more relevant advertising known as interest-based advertising. Some of these companies may be participants in the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”). The DAA offers a choice mechanism with respect to certain types of data collection and use. Visit www.aboutads.info to exercise choice with respect to participants of the DAA. If you change computers or browsers, use multiple computers or browsers, or delete your cookies, you may need to repeat this process for each computer and each browser. Use and Disclosure of Personal InformationWe may use the personal information you provide us for purposes including to respond to your inquiries and requests, provide you with information on our products and services and those of third parties that we think may be of interest to you, and for our own business purposes.We may share your personal information with third parties for purposes including to:Help us maintain and operate our website or for other reasons related to the operation of our own business or marketing.Ensure any registration process has been properly executed and, if necessary, verify your identity.Administer a sweepstakes, contest, joint promotion, or other partnership with a third party.Contact you with product updates or other promotional notices and information about DWA and its affiliates.Provide relevant online content and advertising.Respond to your questions, inquiries, comments and instructions and to retain such requests as part of our consumer affairs database.Help prevent fraud or imminent harm and maintain the security and integrity of our systems.Monitor online communities.Aggregate non-personal information (including demographic) with third parties outside of DWA for marketing purposes.Conduct market research and product development.Comply with legal process, including an authorized subpoena, governmental request or investigation, or as otherwise required by law.Complete a corporate transaction. As our business develops, we may sell, buy, or transfer corporate assets, and in such transactions customer information may be one of the transferred business assets. Also, in the event that our website, company, or substantially all of its assets are acquired, personal information may be one of the assets transferred in such acquisition. Other Important Notes Regarding Our Privacy Practices.Children Under Age 13DWA does not knowingly collect personal information from visitors under the age of 13, except as otherwise set forth below. Most of our DWA Properties are general audience websites or digital properties directed towards general audiences. For those sites that may be directed at children under 13, we do not knowingly collect personal information without parental consent. If parental consent is not obtained within a reasonable time, any parental contact information collected by DWA for such verification purposes will be deleted. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you are a parent concerned that your child may have provided personal information to us, please contact us in the manner described in the “Contact Us” section below.From time to time, DWA may knowingly collect personal information including name, email address, postal address, and a parent or guardian’s email address from children through a DWA Property. We may use this information for purposes such as the facilitation of children’s promotion, sweepstakes and/or contest. To assist us with the purpose(s) set forth above, we may share this personal information with third parties who are bound by restrictions of use and confidentiality obligations. These third parties may only use this information as mandated by DWA, and may not make any independent use of this information. DWA and the third parties described herein will use this information only as long as is reasonably necessary to fulfill the purposes for which the information was collected, and upon such fulfillment of purpose, will delete the information using reasonable measures to protect against unauthorized access to, or use of, the information in connection with its deletion.As a parent or guardian of a child, you may request to review, and modify or have deleted, any personal information we have collected from your child, and refuse to permit further collection or use by us of your child’s information. You may make such requests by contacting us in any of the ways listed below in the “Contact Us” section.SecurityWe maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to help secure information.Additional TermsFor additional Terms of Use of DWA Properties, click hereExternal LinksDWA Properties may contain links to other websites not covered by this privacy policy, which linked websites may include those of advertisers or other third parties (including our affiliates or subsidiaries). We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of websites that we do not control. This privacy policy only applies to the websites where it is posted, and linked sites may have their own privacy policies that apply to visitors of those websites. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of these other websites if you visit them and before you provide personal information to them.Changes to this Privacy PolicyThe date this Privacy Policy was last revised and became effective is identified at the top of this page. We may change, modify, add or delete portions of this Privacy Policy at any time. We encourage you to visit this privacy policy frequently. If there is a material change in our privacy practices, we will provide notice as required by law and post an updated version of this policy here. Your continued use of any of the DWA Properties once such changes are posted to this policy means that you accept those changes.Choice/Opt-OutTo opt-out of receiving promotional email messages from us, please see the “Choice/Opt-Out” section of any email message or see the “Contact Us” section below. We will process your request as soon as commercially feasible. Please note that any request to “opt-out” may still result in us maintaining a copy of your personal information for archival purposes.Your California Privacy RightsIf you reside in California, you have the right to request one time each year certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes, including a list of the third parties to whom we have disclosed personal information (if any) for their direct marketing purposes in the prior calendar year, as well as a list of the categories of personal information disclosed to those parties. To make such a request, please send an email to wecare@dannon.com. You must put the statement “Your California Privacy Rights” in the subject field of your e-mail and indicate in your message that you are a California resident making a “Shine the Light” request. We are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly, or that do not have complete information.Contact UsIn the event that you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you may contact DWA in any of the ways noted below. If you are a registered user of this website, you may contact DWA in any of the following ways to request to correct, delete, or update your personal information.DWA Public Benefit Corporation 1 Maple Avenue White Plains, NY 10605Or call us at 1-877-DANNONUSOr send an e-mail to wecare@dannon.com