http://www.abma.org/privacypolicy
Convention Highlights General Meeting Info Registration & Travel Attendee Information
American Brush Manufacturers Association (ABMA) - Privacy Policy
Who we are
At the American Brush Manufacturers Association (ABMA), we are committed to maintaining the trust and confidence of our visitors to our web site. In particular, we want you to know that ABMA is not in the business of selling, renting or trading email lists with other companies and businesses for marketing purposes. In this Privacy Policy, we've provided lots of detailed information on when and why we collect your personal information, how we use it, the limited conditions under which we may disclose it to others and how we keep it secure.
Why we collect data
The primary basis for the processing of personal data is to enable us to fulfill business obligations as part of a mutually agreed business transaction.
We also process personal customer data that is in the legitimate interests of ABMA, which include some or all of the following reasons:
To meet our contractual obligations and to carry out the services that you have asked us to provide
Where the processing enables us to enhance, modify, personalize or otherwise improve our
services/communications for the benefit of our customers
To identify and prevent fraud
To enhance the security of our network and information systems
To better understand how people interact with our website
To provide email communications which we think will be of interest to you
To determine the effectiveness of promotional campaigns and advertising
Whenever we process your personal data, we will always keep your personal data rights in high regard and take account of these rights. You have the right to object to this processing if you wish, and if you wish to do so, please click here. Please bear in mind that if you object, this may affect our ability to carry out the tasks above for your benefit.
How we collect data
Personal data is collected in one or more of the following ways:
When you register for or update your company listing in the ABMA Directory
When you sign up to receive our Newsletter
When you contact us through the website
When you communicate with us through email, by post or on the phone
When you provide us with your contact details, for instance at an exhibition or show
When you accept cookies on our website (see our Cookie Policy)
Types of data we collect
Personal Data
We only ask for and collect personal data that we need to provide and improve the service, products and experiences our customers expect.
Types of personal information we may collect are: Your name, email address, postal address, telephone number and, where you have placed orders with us, payment information. In addition, we require you to provide the name of the business you represent and details of the goods and/or services your business offers. Our website it not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect data relating to children.
Website Cookies
Our websites use cookies to collect information.
This includes information about browsing and purchasing behavior by people who access our websites.
This includes information about pages viewed, products purchased and the customer journey around our websites. Detailed information is set out in our Cookie Policy.
Google Analytics
When someone visits www.abma.org we use a third party service, Google Analytics, to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behavior patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. This information is only processed in a way which does not identify anyone. We do not make, and do not allow Google to make, any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our website.
Mailing Lists
As part of the registration process for our monthly e-newsletter, we collect personal information. We use that information for a variety of reasons: to tell you about stuff you've asked us to tell you about; to contact you if we need to obtain or provide additional information; to check to make sure our records are right and to check every now and then that you're happy and satisfied. We don't rent or trade email lists with other organizations and businesses.
We use a third-party provider, Abila, to deliver our newsletter. We gather statistics around email opening and clicks using industry standard technologies to help us monitor and improve our e-newsletter. For more information, please see Abila's privacy notice. You can unsubscribe to general mailings at any time of the day or night by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any of our emails.
Transaction Data
When you purchase a membership, session, merchandise or make a donation online your name, address data, email and contact number will be stored in our membership management system, Abila NetForum. Please be assured that we do not share your personal details with any other company without your consent
Third Parties
We do not share any of your personalized information with third parties.
Access to your personal information
You are entitled to view, amend, or delete the personal information that we hold. Email your request to our data protection officer David Parr
Changes to this Privacy Policy
The privacy policy shall be reviewed from time to time. The review date of the current Privacy Policy is May 24, 2018.
NEWS
EVENTS
Recent News
OCedar Commercial Introduces New Gladiator Rim Caddy
December 09, 2020
ABMA COVID-19 November Survey Report
December 08, 2020
Nexstep Commercial Products Holiday Hours
December 07, 2020
Sanderson MacLeod Builds Steampunk Conference Table to Showcase Innovation
December 04, 2020
BOUCHERIE MACHINE RANGE FOR PRODUCTION OF WOODEN TOOTHBRUSHES
December 02, 2020
More News
Recent Events
ABMA 2021 104th Annual Convention
3.17.21 • Hotel Del Coronado, San Diego, CA
National Hardware Show 2021
5.11.21 • Las Vegas, NV Convention Center
ISSA North America
5.15.21 • Las Vegasm NV
More Events
Company Lookup
Product Search
ABMA Video
Classifieds
AboutAnti Trust PolicyCookies PolicyPrivacy PolicyMission StatementABMA Foundation100th AnniversaryBoard of DirectorsDivisionsCommitteesInnovative Excellence AwardMembershipMember BenefitsValuable FeaturesTestimonialsMembership TypesInvestment ScheduleROIResourcesBrush LingoANSI B165.1 Safety SlipsANSI B165.1 Safety Slips R2018 CanvassANSI B165.1 Safety Slips R2018 CanvassAffiliated OrganizationsCoding for Extruding FilamentsIndustry Trade Press
Annual ConventionNewsEventsContactCOVID-19ABMA Educational InstituteABMA EMERGING LEADERS
American Brush Manufacturer's Association
736 Main Ave, Suite 7 Durango, CO 81301
Phone: 720 392-2262
Fax: 866 837-8450
Email: info@abma.org
©2020 ABMA. All rights reserved. | Site By: PUREi