http://www.tastetech.co.uk/gdpr-policy
Home
/
GDPR Policy
GDPR PolicyIntroduction to Data Protection and GDPR
TasteTech Ltd needs to gather and use certain information about individuals. This document details GDPR and sets out how TasteTech Ltd will adhere to it when you use this website or receive email communications from us. If you have any questions or requests concerning your personal information or this GDPR policy, please contact us at privacy@tastetech.com.
Why data is in safe hands with TasteTech:
We do: use data to help us provide a great customer service, which includes tailoring the information we share with you to help ensure that it’s relevant, useful and timely
We do: respect your privacy and work hard to meet strict regulatory requirements
We do: go the extra mile to protect your data
We don’t: sell your personal data to third parties
Better protection
The new rules make sure that all organisations are set up to protect any personal data they hold, and to act appropriately if something goes wrong. Rest assured, robust security has always been a crucial part of everything we do. We regularly review our privacy notice. It tells you how we use your data and what your options are. We’ve recently updated it and you can find the latest version here. We may update it again if there are other changes relating to GDPR.
More control
The new regulation supports people’s right to have your privacy respected and your data protected. It gives easier access to the personal information organisations hold about you, if you wish to check or change it. It is designed to give you confidence that this information is accurate, up to date and well managed.
You can choose who can contact you, and how
If you want to change how and when TasteTech contact you simply email us and let us know by emailing us at privacy@tastetech.com.
Direct Marketing – Your consent
To ensure you always have control over how we contact you –
We offer an opt-out link on all electronic communications
We specify methods of communication (e.g. by email, text, phone, recorded call, post)
We record when and how we got consent, and exactly what it covers
We will offer a clear and genuine choice as to whether your details may be used for direct marketing purposes
We only send communications with opt-in consent (unless sending relevant information about our own products, and we offer an opt-out facility)
We keep a list of anyone who opts out
We screen against our opt-out lists
You can change your mind
Remember, TasteTech provide you with the opportunity to change your mind about the choices you have made. This is intended to give you options and keep you in control. If you want to update your choices simply email us at any time and let us know
Visit http://www.tastetech.com/privacy-policy.html for more on our privacy policy.
confectionery
trends
bakery
additives
food
flavour8
flavours
preservatives
e numbers
flavourings
Flavour Inspiration - Winter 2020
Thursday, 10 December 2020
Flavour Inspiration – Autumn 2020
Monday, 26 October 2020
Experts in helping bakeries reduce food waste
Tuesday, 20 October 2020
Experts in flavours for protein shakes
Friday, 14 August 2020
Mocktail Hour
Monday, 27 July 2020
Quick links
Request a sample
Bakery
Nutrition
People
SorbicPlus
flavour8
StabilisedMentholPlus
Confectionery Acids
Contact us
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
GDPR Policy
Back to Top
© 2017 TasteTech