https://www.dollarstore.ca/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy Agreement (Canada)
www.dollarstore.ca
EFFECTIVE AND LAST UPDATE OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY – Monday, March 26, 2018
BEFORE USING OUR SITES, PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY. This Privacy Policy is applicable to Your Dollar Store With More Inc. (“Company”) and sets out our policy on the gathering and use of information on this site and our other sites (collectively “Sites”). The Company is committed to providing safe web sites for visitors of all ages and has implemented this Privacy Policy to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy. The Company complies with Canadian Federal and Provincial privacy laws and regulations including the Personal Information and Electronic Documents Act. There may be links from our Sites to other web sites; note that this Privacy Policy applies only to our Sites and not to web sites of other companies or organizations to which our Sites may be linked. You must check on any linked sites for the privacy policy that applies to that site and/or make any necessary inquiries in respect of that privacy policy with the operator of the linked site. These links to third party websites are provided as a convenience and are for informational purposes only. The Company does not endorse, and is not responsible for, these linked websites. Although you are not required to register to access our Sites, you may be asked to provide us with personal information when you visit certain sections of our Sites. Your use of our Sites signifies your acknowledgement and consent to our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not continue to use our Sites. Your continued use of the Sites signifies your acceptance of these terms and any changes in effect at the time of use. COLLECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION Personal Information is information about you that identifies you as an individual, for example, your name, address, e-mail address, or telephone number. We collect information that you voluntarily provide to us through responses to surveys, search functions, questionnaires, feedback, forms and the like. We may also ask you to provide additional information such as your e-mail address if you want to obtain additional services, information, participate in a contest or to resolve complaints or concerns.
HOW DOES YOUR DOLLAR STORE WITH MORE INC. USE INFORMATION GATHERED ABOUT ONLINE VISITORS? Before forwarding us any personal information, please be advised that any information gathered on our Sites may be used in the aggregate for research and development relating to our Sites and/or for future site development and, if you ask us to, to send you promotional materials. In particular, we may use information gathered about you for the following purposes: to monitor interest in our franchise and to assist us to tailor the content of our Sites to your needs by collecting information about your preferences through tracking of patterns and page views on our Sites; to create a profile relating to you in order to show you the content that might be of interest to you and to display the content according to your preferences; and, in circumstances where you have indicated that you wish to receive additional information, to send you information about us and promotional material about our franchise together with details of any offers we may have available from time to time. PROMOTIONAL AND INFORMATIONAL OFFERS With the permission of an online visitor, information submitted at the time of registration or submission may be used for marketing and promotional purposes by the Company provided notice of this fact is made available online. If a visitor objects to such use for any reason, he/she may prevent that use, either by e-mail request or by modifying the registration information provided. The Company uses reasonable efforts to maintain visitors’ information in a secure environment. If you have submitted personal information and want to change it or opt-out, please contact us as described below or use the methods provided on the Sites to maintain your personal information. DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION The Company will not disclose personal information that you provide on its Sites to any third parties other than to a Company agent except: i) in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy, or ii) to comply with legal requirements such as a law, regulation, warrant, subpoena or court order, and/or iii) if you are reporting an adverse event/side effect, in which case the Company may be required to disclose such information to bodies such as, but not limited to, Canadian and/or international regulatory authorities. Please note that any of these disclosures may involve the storage or processing of personal information outside of Canada and may therefore be subject to different privacy laws than those applicable in Canada, including laws that require the disclosure of personal information to governmental authorities under circumstances that are different than those that apply in Canada. DIGITAL MARKERS (INCLUDING COOKIES) A digital marker is a resource created by the visitors’ browser in order to remember certain pieces of information for the Web server to reference during the same or subsequent visit to the website. Examples of digital markers are “cookies” or HTML5 web storage. Some examples of what digital markers do are as follows: • allow a website to recognize a visitor who has previously accessed the site; • they track what content is viewed on a site which helps website administrators ensure visitors find what they are looking for. Dollarstore.ca uses sessional and persistent digital markers on its website. During your on-line visit, your browser exchanges data with Dollarstore.ca’s Web server. The digital markers used do not allow Dollarstore.ca to identify individuals and do not contain personal information. You may adjust your browser settings to reject digital markers, including cookies, if you so choose. However, it may affect your ability to interact with the Dollarstore.ca website. WEB ANALYTICS Web analytics is the collection, analysis, measurement, and reporting of data about Web traffic and visits for purposes of understanding and optimizing Web usage. Information in digital markers may be used in conjunction with computer request data to identify and track your online interactions with the Dollarstore.ca website. SOCIAL MEDIA If you share our content through social media, for example by liking us on Facebook, following or tweeting about us on Twitter, or giving us a ‘+1’ via Google Plus, those social networks will record that you have done so and may set a cookie for this purpose. In some cases, where a page on our website includes content from a social network, such as a Twitter feed, or Facebook comments box, those services may set a cookie even where you do not click a button. As is the case for all cookies, we cannot access those set by social networks, just as those social networks cannot access cookies we set ourselves. LOG FILES Our systems automatically gather some anonymous information about visitors, including IP addresses, browser type, language, and the times and dates of webpage visits. The data collected does not include personally identifiable information and is used, as described above, for statistical analysis, to understand user behaviour, and to administer the site. Dollarstore.ca uses log file analysis internally and retains information collected for Web analytics for a maximum period of 36 months. After this period, the information must be disposed of in accordance with the Standard on Privacy and Web Analytics or as authorized by the Librarian and Archivist of Canada. The information is not disclosed to an external third party service provider. GOOGLE ANALYTICS Our website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). The information generated by the cookie about your use of our website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of our website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. Further information about Google’s privacy policy may be obtained from http://www.google.com/privacy.html. If you wish, you may opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics by disabling or refusing the cookies; by disabling JavaScript within your browser; or by using the Google Analytics Opt-Out Browser Add-On. Disabling Google Analytics or JavaScript will still permit you to access comparable information or services from our websites. However, if you disable your session cookie option, you will still be able to access our public website, but you might have difficulties accessing any secure services. Data collected for Web analytics purposes goes outside of Canada to Google servers and may be processed in any country where Google operates servers. Data may be subject to the governing legislation of that country, [for example the USA Patriot Act]. For further information about Google Analytics, please refer to the Google Analytics terms of service. Information used for the purpose of Web analytics is collected pursuant to section 5 of the Department of Employment and Social Development Act and section 4 of the Privacy Act. Such data may be used for communications and information technology statistical purposes, audit, and evaluation, research, planning and reporting. For more information on how your privacy is safeguarded in relation to web analytics, see the Standard on Privacy and Web Analytics. Reminder: You can disable cookies by turning them off in your browser; however, some areas of the Sites may not function properly if you do so. PROTECTION OF CHILDREN ONLINE The Company considers the protection of children’s privacy, especially online, to be of the utmost importance. We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from children nor do we allow them to become registered users of, or to request information through, our Sites or help-seeking information lines. ADDITIONAL TERMS FOR CERTAIN WEBSITES The following additional information applies to our Sites that require registration. Generally, you are not required to provide personal information as a condition of using our Sites, except as may be necessary to provide you with a product or service that you have requested. However, some of our Sites, or parts therein, are restricted to certain individuals such as Franchise owners and Vendors and we may require these individuals to register upon entry by providing us with certain information. PROTECTION OF INFORMATION: Our Commitment to Security We have put in place physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security, and correctly use the information we collect online. The Company applies security safeguards appropriate to the sensitivity of the information, such as retaining information in secure facilities and making personal information accessible only to authorized employees on a need-to-know basis. Storage of Information: Personal information you share with us is stored on our database servers at Company data centers (in Canada), or hosted by third parties who have entered into agreements with us that require them to observe our Privacy Policy. POLICY CHANGE: If we alter our Privacy Policy, any changes will be posted on this page of our Site so that you are always informed of the information we collect about you, how we use it and the circumstances under which we may disclose it. ACCEPTANCE OF OUR PRIVACY POLICY: By using this Site or any other The Company Site or interactive banner ads, you signify your acceptance of our Privacy Policy, and you adhere to the terms and conditions posted on the Site. By submitting your information, you agree that it will be governed by our Privacy Policy.
HOME
FRANCHISE INFO
STORE LOCATOR
TERMS & CONDITIONS
PRIVACY POLICY
CONTACT
Copyright (C) 2019 Your Dollar Store with More IncCorporate Head Office 200 - 160 Dougall Road South, Kelowna BC Canada V1X 3J4