https://www.nordictugs.com/privacy-policy/
toggleMENU
Models Nordic Tug 26
Nordic Tug 34
Nordic Tug 40
Nordic Tug 44
Nordic Tug 49
Nordic Tug 54
About
Nordic Tug Dealers & Alaska Retailer
News
Events
Contact Request Information
Customer Service
Shop
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Using personal information
At our discretion, Nordic Tugs may use your personal information to:
administer this website;
enable your access to and use of the website services;
publish information about you on the website;
send to you products or information that you request;
supply to you services or products that you purchase;
send you statements and invoices;
collect payments from you; and
send you marketing communications.
Nordic Tugs does not disclose or share personal information with any individual or business other than our contracted Nordic Tugs dealers or our advertising agency of record for the purposes of marketing research, and these organizations receiving personal information will be obligated to use that personal information in accordance with the terms of this privacy statement.
In addition to the disclosures reasonably necessary for the purposes identified elsewhere above, Nordic Tugs may disclose your personal information to the extent that it is required to do so by law, in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings, and in order to establish, exercise or defend its legal rights.
Securing your data
Nordic Tugs will take reasonable technical and organizational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information.
Nordic Tugs will store all the personal information you provide on its secure servers. Information relating to electronic transactions entered into via this website will be protected by encryption technology.
Cross-border data transfers
Information that Nordic Tugs collects may be stored and processed in and transferred between any of the countries in which Nordic Tugs operates to enable the use of the information in accordance with this privacy policy.
In addition, personal information that you submit for publication on the website will be published on the internet and may be available around the world. You agree to such cross-border transfers of personal information.
Updating this statement
Nordic Tugs may update this privacy policy by posting a new version on this website. You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are familiar with any changes.
Other websites
This website contains links to other websites. Nordic Tugs is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of any third party.
Contact Nordic Tugs
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or Nordic Tugs’ treatment of your personal information, please write to:
by email to info@nordictugs.com;
by mail to 11367 Higgins Airport Way, Burlington, WA 98233.
This privacy statement
This privacy statement is used with permission and published by freenetlaw.com.
Go to Top
Stay Connected!
Receive our e-newsletter on upcoming events and news!
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Youtube
Flickr
Pinterest
Home
Models
About
Dealers
News
Events
Contact
Shop
Â© 2015 Nordic Tugs
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy