https://www.cadservices.com/privacy-policy/
PRIVACY POLICY
WHO WE ARE
At CAD Services we are committed to maintaining the trust and confidence of our Clients, Employees and Visitors to our company and our website. We, as a company, do not share email addresses or contact details with third parties for marketing purposes. Our privacy policy below provides information on how, why and where we use your data and how we keep it secure.
TYPES OF DATA WE COLLECT
When someone visits our website we use a third party service, Google Analytics, to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. This information is only processed in a way which does not identify anyone. We do not make, and do not allow Google to make, any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our website.
MAILING LISTS
We use third party providers, Mailchimp and Survey Monkey, to contact our clients on a regular basis. The data we provide to them is your email address and name which is used for company newsletters, general marketing, invitations and surveys on our services. Using these providers helps us to stay in contact with you and include you in all of these things.  We think this is the best way to keep you updated with the latest activity within our business. We use the data provided by Mailchimp and Survey Monkey to monitor feedback about our business.
ACCESS TO YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
You are entitled to view, amend or delete the personal data that we hold. Email your request to our data protection officer, Tania Munnings, at post@cadservices.com
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY NOTICE
This Privacy Notice will be reviewed annually from the day of publication.
You can unsubscribe from any of our mailing lists at any time by choosing unsubscribe when you receive correspondence from us, you can do this by clicking unsubscribe on the mailer when you receive it or by emailing unsubscribe@cadservices.com. Our email lists are not used in any other way.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you accept this policy as long as you are using this websiteXAcceptView Policy