http://www.pcc-i.com/privacy-policy
contact@pcc-i.com
770-638-8658
Home
Electronic Manufacturing Services
PCB Assembly
Box Build & System Integration
Prototyping & NPI Services
Cable & Wire Harness
Reverse Engineering
Repair and Rework
About Us
Blog
Careers
Clients
Certifications
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
We bring over 27 years of experience to the printed circuit board Assembly and Manufacturing.
Privacy Policy
PCC respects privacy and site visitor’s information. We do not share/sell any of the information and do not intend to do so in future.
Personal Information
We never gather your personal information like name, email etc. automatically. It is collected only when you voluntarily provide us via inquiry or contact form.
How we use your personal information?
We do not sell any information provided by you to the other companies. We use it for the below mentioned purposes:
To provide information or services that you have requested.
To enable you to use the site without repeatedly entering passwords or logins.
To help us manage our content to ensure it is relevant and appropriate to you.
To alert you about offers, company news, product upgrades, etc. This is done only after your approval. You can unsubscribe at anytime and you will stop receiving it.
Use of cookies to store information
PCC uses cookies to collect and store information. Cookies are small files that your web browser places on your hard drive for record keeping purposes. Via cookies, the website is enabled to identify email addresses (If you have voluntarily provided) when you visit the site again to save time and for better user experience. Most browsers allow you to erase the cookies completely or warn you before a cookie is stored. Please consult your Browser instructions to learn more about these functions.
Periodic Policy Changes
We may change the policies from time-to-time in order to track technology or due to legal changes. For that reason, these practices are subject to change. To ensure the continuous familiarity of the updated privacy policy, kindly bookmark the page or visit the policy page periodically.
Quick Links
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Brochure PCC
AS9100D and ISO9001:2015
PCC Capabilities
Contact Us
Contact Us
Printed Circuits Corp.
5295 Webb Parkway NW, Lilburn GA 30047
770-638-8658
877-363-5442
770-638-8659
contact@pcc-i.com
sales@pcc-i.com
www.pcc-i.com
Getting In Touch
Copyrights © 2020,
All Rights Reserved.