https://www.hificollective.co.uk/information/cookies-policy.html
Welcome to Hificollective, to create an account please register here
xHificollective uses cookies to give you the best online experiences. By continuing to use our website you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Continuex
Skip to main content
Cookies Policy
“Cookies” on www.hificollective.co.uk
To comply with recent legislation, we’d like to give you more information about how we use “cookies” on www.hificollective.co.uk, our mobile apps and mobile website. We take your privacy very seriously and are a registered data controller under the Data Protection Act 1998. If you would like more details, please refer to our Prvacy Policy in the footer of this page.
What are cookies?
The cookies we use on our site are tiny data files collected by your web browser and stored on your computer, mobile phone or tablet when you visit certain web pages. Please be assured that cookies don't harm your computer and our cookies do not contain any personally identifying information, such as credit card details. We use the encrypted information collected by them to help improve your experience of our site, by enabling us to store items in your shopping basket between visits, remembering your preferences and remembering you when you log into our site and helping us to identify and resolve errors.
To ensure you get the best online shopping experience when using our site, we’d encourage you to accept all cookies from www.hificollective.co.uk and our carefully selected partners on your computer, tablet or mobile phone. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually change your browser settings to prevent that. Each browser is different, so check the 'Help' menu of your particular browser (or your mobile phone's handset manual) to learn how to change your cookie preferences. If you disable all cookies on your browser, you will not be able to purchase items on our site (you will still be able to browse the site).
Our cookies
Our cookies don't store sensitive information such as your name, address or payment details: they only hold a reference that is linked with the way you use our site.
Here's a list of all the cookies we use, and what we use them for.
Essential cookies – These cookies enable you to shop at www.hificollective.co.uk. Without these cookies, you would be unable to add products to your basket, sign in to your account, change product image size and complete purchases on the site. If you would prefer not to accept these cookies, you can change your browser settings to do this.
General Site
hifiollective
Analytics cookies – We use Google Analytics to track your use of the website. These cookies are used to monitor the performance of the site by using anonymised data (i.e. not traceable to any particular person) of how our site is used: what links people click on, what products are being viewed and bought, etc. For more information about their privacy policy and cookies set, please visit GA privacy policy. Click on the following links to opt out of tracking within GA
analytics.js
Cookies on the iPad/iPhone apps
The cookies we use on our iPhone and iPad apps are classified as essential cookies: they remember items that you have added to your basket and that you have logged in so you can complete your order. The cookies on the apps are different to cookies on a computer browser in that they are entirely contained within the app and are automatically deleted as soon as you close the app. They are completely secure and won’t harm your iPad or iPhone, and are essential to using the apps to browse and purchase from Hi-Fi Collective Ltd There isn’t a way to disable cookies on the apps; unfortunately the only way to not accept these cookies is to delete the apps from your Apple devices.
Subscribe to Hifi Collective
Email *
Submit