https://www.pierceglobal.com/privacy-policy/
PIERCEGLOBAL.COM
Privacy Statement
When accessing the Site, Pierce will learn certain information about you during your visit. How Pierce handles information we learn about you depends upon what you do when visiting the Site.
If you visit the Site to read or download information, Pierce collects and stores information concerning your visit, such as the name of the domain from which you access the Internet, the date and time you accessed the Site, the Internet address of the Web site you used to link directly to the Site, and information about your computing system (e.g. your IP address, operating system, Web browser).
If you identify yourself by sending us a message containing personal information, then the information collected will be solely used to respond to your message unless you have agreed to another use of such information.
The Site uses cookies to facilitate easier navigation within the site and provide a higher level of convenience for the visitor. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard drive by a Web page server. The cookies used by the Site are uniquely assigned to you and can only be read by a Web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. Cookies do not contain your personal information and do not retrieve any information from your personal computer. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not get the full benefit of interactive features on the Site.
The information collected is for statistical purposes. Pierce uses software programs to create summary statistics, which are used for such purposes as assessing the number of visitors to the different sections of the Site, what information is of most and least interest, determining technical design specifications, and identifying system performance or problem areas. We will also inform advertisers of such information as well as the number of users that have been exposed to or clicked on their advertising banners. Only aggregated data from these analyses will be provided to third parties.
For site security purposes and to ensure that the Site remains available to all users, Pierce also uses software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage.
Pierce does not collect personally identifiable information about you when you visit the Site, unless you voluntarily provide such information to us. Examples of instances where you may elect to provide us with personally identifiable information include registration to view and download premium content, registration to receive Site updates or emails, registration for webinars or conference calls, voting or polling activity, and participating in contests or sweepstakes conducted through the Site.
Personally identifiable information will not be sold or otherwise transferred to unaffiliated third parties without the approval of the user at the time of collection, unless such transfer is necessary to facilitate the services being requested by the individual user. The user will have the opportunity to indicate whether he or she would like to “opt out” of receiving promotional and/or marketing information about other products, services and offerings from Pierce and/or any third parties. Further, notwithstanding any opt-out of promotional information by the user, Pierce reserves the right to contact a subscriber regarding account status, changes to the subscriber agreement and other matters relevant to the underlying service and/or the information collected.
Pierce may sometimes permit third parties to offer subscription and/or registration based services through the Site. Pierce is not responsible for any actions or policies of such third parties if a user decides to subscribe or register on those sites and users should check the applicable privacy policy when providing personally identifiable information to third parties.
Upon request, Pierce will take reasonable efforts to delete a user’s personal information from its database. It may be impossible to delete a user’s entry without some residual information because of backups and records of deletions.
All Pierce employees are trained to handle personal, confidential information of our visitors in a confidential manner. Disciplinary sanctions that may include dismissal are imposed on employees who deviate from such standards of care.