http://www.natbankmal.com/terms.php
Online Banking Login
Click here to log in to our new Online Banking.
Personal
Checking Accounts
Savings Accounts
CDs & IRAs
Loans
Business
Business Banking
Business Saving
Business Loans
Rates
Services
Trust Services
Online Banking
Mobile Banking
e-Statements
Order Checks
Financial Calculators
About Us
Our History
Branches & Hours
Contact Us
Online Security
Terms of Use
BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CAREFULLY.
We require that all visitors to our site
adhere to the following terms and conditions. If you do not agree to the terms
and conditions below, you should not access this site, or any pages
therein.
Illegal
Use
Unauthorized use of The National Bank of
Malvern website and systems including but not limited to unauthorized entry
into our Internet banking system, internal network, misuse of passwords, or misuse
of any information posted on our website is strictly prohibited.
Website
Content
Any and all information, materials, product
offerings, services, terms and conditions are subject to change without notice.
Not all products and services advertised on
this website are available in all geographic areas. We reserve the right to
determine your eligibility for any product or service.
This website is not directed to children,
although we may periodically advertise special accounts that may be appropriate
for children. Parents of children interested in any of our online services
should contact us at one of our many office locations.
Linked
3rd Party Sites
The National Bank of Malvern maintains this website to provide you with
information about our products and services.  For your convenience, we may
also provide links to various third parties websites that may be of interest to
you.  The National Bank of Malvern does
not control linked third party sites. When you click on links to third party
sites, you will leave our website and will be redirected to another site.  Linking to other third party sites is at your
own risk. The content on linked sites may change without notice.
WE MAKE NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY
REGARDING THE ACCURACY OF THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN LINKED THIRD PARTY
SITES.
We suggest that you always verify the
information obtained from linked sites before acting upon this
information.  The National Bank of Malvern is not an agent for linked third parties nor do we
endorse or guarantee their products and services.  The products and services offered by linked
third parties are not products of The National Bank of Malvern and are not
insured by any governmental agency such as the FDIC.
Also, please be aware that the security and
privacy policies on linked sites may be different from our policies, so please
read third party privacy and security policies closely.  If you have any
questions or concerns about the products and services offered on linked third
party sites, please contact the third party directly.
Use of
Information Submitted Through the Website
Any communication or material that you
transmit to us through this website or through electronic mail may be used only
by The National Bank of Malvern for the purposes described in our privacy
policy.   All information submitted to
our website shall be considered and shall remain the property of The National
Bank of Malvern; this information will only be used internally for the purpose
intended or as allowed by law.
The National Bank of Malvern shall be free to
use, for any purpose, any idea, concept, know-how or technique contained in
information submitted by a visitor to us through this website and The National
Bank of Malvern shall not be subject to any obligations of confidentiality
regarding submitted information except as agreed by direct customer
relationship, or as otherwise specifically agreed or required by law. Nothing
contained herein shall be construed as limiting or reducing The National Bank
of Malvern responsibilities and obligations to customers in accordance with our
privacy policy.
If you need to communicate personal or
confidential information, please do not use the email feature on this website,
it is not a secure email service. Instead contact us by telephone, or you
may use the secure mail feature within our Internet Banking Service.
No
Warranties
Any dated
information on this site is "As Of" its date only. We will use every
reasonable effort to include accurate and up to date information on the site,
but we make no warranties or representations as to the accuracy of the
information, DATED OR OTHERWISE, AND WE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL
LIABILITY FOR ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN THIS INFORMATION AND MATERIALS.
All information,
materials AND services contained in this site, including graphics, links, AND
ANY other items are provided "AS IS", “AS AVAILABLE” to the user
without express or implied warranties of any kind including the warranties of
merchantability, non-infringement of intellectual property, fitness for any
particular purpose, AND FREEDOM FROM COMPUTER VIRUS.
Trademark
Notices
All registered and unregistered trademarks
are the sole property of their respective owners.  Unauthorized
reproduction in whole or part is prohibited.
Copyright
Notices
The National Bank of Malvern owns copyright
in the pages, screens, text, sound recordings, and images appearing at this
site unless otherwise indicated.
Limitation
of Liability
The National Bank of
Malvern will under no circumstances be liable to you and/or any third party for
any damages including without limitation direct or any indirect, special,
consequential, incidental or punitive damages whatsoever, arising in connection
with this website or use thereof or inability to use by any party, or in
connection with any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption,
defect, delay in operation or transmission, computer virus, line or system
failure, even if The National Bank of Malvern has been advised of the
possibility of such damages.
FURTHERMORE, The
National Bank of Malvern will not be liable for any difficulty in use, or for
the incompatibility between this website and YOUR WEB BROWSER OR OTHER site
accessing program.  Nor will The National
Bank of Malvern be liable for any other problems you experience due to causes
beyond our control.
No license to you is implied in these
disclaimers, except as may be otherwise expressly provided by written agreement
between you and The National Bank of Malvern.
Governing
Law
This agreement shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with federal statutes and the laws of Pennsylvania.
This website is not intended for distribution to, or use by, any person or
entity in any jurisdiction or country where such distribution or use would be
contrary to local law or regulation.
Additional
Terms
Certain services or pages on this website may
contain separate terms and conditions, which are in addition to these terms and
conditions. In the event of a conflict, the additional terms and conditions will
govern for those services or pages.
Copyright © 2020 The National Bank of Malvern. All rights reserved.
Privacy Notice | Internet Privacy Statement | Terms of Use | Site Map