https://www.banklowcountry.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
WHAT DOES BANK OF WALTERBORO DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
Social Security numberAccount balancesPayment historyTransaction historyCredit historyWire transfer instructions
When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice
How?
All financial companies need to share customers’ personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers’ personal information; the reasons Bank of the Lowcountry chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does Bank of the Lowcountry share?
Can you limit this sharing?
For our everyday business purposes –
such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes –
to offer our products and services to you
No
We don’t share
For joint marketing with other financial companies
No
We don’t share
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes –
information about your transactions and experiences
No
We don’t share
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes –
information about your creditworthiness
No
We don’t share
For nonaffiliates to market to you
No
We don’t share
How does Bank of the Lowcountry protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.
We also maintain other physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect this information and we limit access to information to those employees for whom access is appropriate.
How does Bank of the Lowcountry collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you
Open an accountDeposit moneyApply for a loanMake a wire transferShow your driver's license
We also collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus, affiliates, or other companies.
Why can’t I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only
Sharing for affiliates' everyday business purposes - information about your creditworthinessAffiliates from using your information to market to youSharing for nonaffiliates to market to you
State laws and individual companies may give you additional right to limit sharing.
Definitions
Affiliates: Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and non-financial companies. Bank of the Lowcountry has no affiliates.
Nonaffiliates: Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and non-financial companies. Bank of the Lowcountry does not share with nonaffiliates so they can market to you.
Joint Marketing: A formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you. Bank of the Lowcountry doesn’t jointly market.
Login Test
Login
Retail Online
Business Online
UserName:
Username:
Password:
Forgot password or PIN?