https://www.certifiedgoldexchange.com/terms.php
HomeTerms & ConditionsTerms & ConditionsThank you for taking the time to read this privacy assurance‚ terms and conditions agreement. Certified Gold Exchange, Inc. has always been a corporation that adheres to changing government regulations and offers full disclosure to prospective clients. By using this website, you are agreeing, in writing, to the following terms and conditions. By entering the Certified Gold Exchange‚ Inc. website‚ you acknowledge and agree to the following terms and conditions. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions‚ do not enter or use this website. This legal information and the terms and conditions are applicable to all pages of the Certified Gold Exchange‚ Inc. website. Certified Gold Exchange‚ Inc. reserves all rights afforded by the laws of Fort Worth, Texas and of the United States‚ and specifically reserves its rights‚ claims‚ and defenses for any omission from the contents of this notice to users of the Certified Gold Exchange‚ Inc. website. You acknowledge and agree that Certified Gold Exchange‚ Inc. reserves the right to revise this legal information at any time, for any reason, and reserves the right to make changes at any time‚ without notice or obligation, to any of the information and materials contained on this website. You further acknowledge and agree that by entering this website you will be bound by any such revisions to the website, and that Certified Gold Exchange Inc. has encouraged you to periodically visit the website and this page to review these terms and conditions.Intellectual Property OwnershipYou acknowledge and agree that Certified Gold Exchange‚ Inc. is the copyright owner of this website and that no portion of this website‚ including‚ but not limited to, the text‚ images‚ audio and/or video‚ may be used in any manner‚ or for any purpose by you without the expressed written permission of Certified Gold Exchange‚ Inc. Without in any way waiving any of the foregoing rights‚ you may download one copy of the material on this website for your own personal‚ non-commercial use only‚ provided you do not delete or change any copyright‚ trademark or other proprietary notices. Any modification‚ re-posting or use of the materials on this website by you for any other purpose violates Certified Gold Exchange Inc.’s legal rights in this copyrighted work.You acknowledge and agree that Certified Gold Exchange‚ Inc.‚ sponsorship designations and other contributor designations‚ trademarks‚ logos‚ sound‚ graphics‚ maps‚ layouts‚ charts‚ text‚ video‚ images of places or people, and other materials represented on this website are owned or licensed by Certified Gold Exchange‚ Inc. Your use of any of these materials is prohibited unless you have obtained prior written approval from Certified Gold Exchange‚ Inc. Any unauthorized use of these materials by you may subject you to penalties or damages‚ including‚ but not limited to, infringement of Certified Gold Exchange‚ Inc. and other parties’ copyrights‚ trademarks‚ privacy rights‚ publicity rights‚ and/or other intellectual property rights. Certified Gold Exchange‚ Inc. will enforce its intellectual property rights to the full extent of the law.Any unauthorized copying‚ duplication‚ or any other form of reproduction of this website for any commercial purpose without the expressed written permission of Certified Gold Exchange‚ Inc. or authorized license‚ shall immediately constitute a full and complete waiver of any jurisdictional defense the acting party may have, and said party hereby agrees and consents to be subject to the jurisdiction of Fort Worth, Texas, in any action filed by Certified Gold Exchange‚ Inc. in prosecuting any unauthorized reproduction.Secure Server Pages / Online Application PagesSome of the pages requiring information are certified as Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) pages as designated by Thawte‚ Inc. Certified Gold Exchange‚ Inc. appreciates the importance of providing a secure environment on its website for the purpose of providing personal information to process information requests and applications‚ Certified Gold Exchange‚ Inc. will take all reasonable and customary steps to protect the information provided.Supporting documents and disclaimers necessary for submission of applications which appear on this site‚ may be supported by other documents requiring a signature. In such cases‚ the signed document shall prevail‚ and the documents and disclaimers appearing on the website shall be incorporated into the signed document. In the event there is any contradiction in terms between the online document and the subsequent signed document‚ the conflicting term(s) shall be resolved by relying on the document‚ which is actually signed.Applications submitted for information on buy or sell order requests on this website are considered “pending acceptance and approval”, and are not complete until a confirmation of approval and acceptance has been confirmed verbally by Certified Gold Exchange‚ Inc.Unlawful Content and BehaviorYou acknowledge and agree that you will not post on this website‚ or transmit to this website‚ any obscene‚ profane‚ defamatory‚ libelous‚ threatening‚ unlawful or other materials which could constitute or encourage conduct that would be considered a criminal offense‚ give rise to civil liability‚ or otherwise violate any law or regulation. Not withstanding the fact that Certified Gold Exchange‚ Inc. or other parties involved in creating‚ producing or delivering this website‚ may monitor or review transmissions‚ postings‚ or discussions‚ Certified Gold Exchange‚ Inc. assumes no responsibility or liability which may arise from such content‚ including, but not limited to, claims for defamation‚ libel‚ slander‚ obscenity‚ profanity or misrepresentation.Privacy of Email Addresses / Demographic Information / Phone ContactCertified Gold Exchange‚ Inc. will not give your personal information to any third party unless legally required by local‚ state or federal law enforcement. Information that is compiled from your written submission to us is used for our commercial purposes only. Certified Gold Exchange‚ Inc. does not make unsolicited outbound calls. By submitting your phone number and completing this form page, you are giving permission, in writing, for Certified Gold Exchange staff to contact you by phone in order to process your request as well as keep you updated and offer product recommendations for a term of three months. Calls may be monitored and/or recorded for quality assurance and training purposes. Clients can be contacted for up to 18 months. At any time, clients as well as prospective clients can demand for no further calls to be made. At that moment, any phone number you have submitted in writing will be immediately removed from our entire database and there is no obligation to do business with us. If your written contact to us includes a desire to receive email updates, Certified Gold Exchange‚ Inc. will occasionally send email newsletters‚ which may be of interest to you concerning upcoming events and special offers. These emails will always have a convenient unsubscribe link attached.Use of this Site at Own RiskYou acknowledge and agree that your use of the website is at your own risk and that none of the parties involved in creating‚ producing‚ or delivering this website are liable for any direct‚ indirect‚ incidental‚ consequential or punitive damages‚ or any losses‚ costs or expenses of any kind (including attorney’s fees‚ and/or other fees or expenses) which may arise‚ directly or indirectly‚ through access to‚ the use of‚ or the browsing of this site, or through your downloading of any materials‚ text‚ data‚ images‚ video or audio from this website‚ including, but not limited to, anything caused by viruses‚ bugs‚ human action, or inaction of any computer system‚ phone line‚ hardware‚ software or program malfunctions‚ or any other errors‚ failures or delays in computer transmissions or network connections.No Warranty of Accuracy of InformationYou acknowledge and agree that while Certified Gold Exchange‚ Inc. will make reasonable efforts to ensure that the information on the website is correct and that even though the schedules‚ times‚ locations‚ entertainers‚ speakers‚ performers‚ and other information contained in the Certified Gold Exchange‚ Inc. website are based upon current information. Certified Gold Exchange‚ Inc. cannot guarantee the accuracy of the information and makes no warranties or representations as to its accuracy. All content and information contained on this website is provided to you “AS IS”‚ without any warranty of any kind‚ either expressed or implied‚ including, but not limited to, the implied warranty of merchantability‚ fitness for a particular purpose‚ title and non-infringement. Ticker and precious metals prices are a service of TheFinancials.com and are updated automatically after the market close.Links to Other WebsitesYou acknowledge and agree that although this website may be linked to other websites‚ Certified Gold Exchange‚ Inc. is not directly or indirectly implying any approval‚ association‚ sponsorship‚ endorsement or affiliation with the linked website‚ unless specifically stated in this website. Certified Gold Exchange‚ Inc. has not reviewed all websites linked to this website and is not responsible for the content of any other website linked to this website. Any linking by you to any other websites is at your own risk.Certified Gold Exchange, Inc. Corporate Anti-Money Laundering PolicyMoney laundering refers to acts of disguising, concealing or hiding financial proceeds for the purpose of purposely misrepresenting the source of said funds. Included in the act of money laundering is terrorist financing, in which the act of concealment of monies provides funds for terrorism activities through financial institutions.CGE adheres completely to all local, state and national laws regarding anti-money laundering policies. The full and official statement of Certified Gold Exchange, Inc., regarding money laundering and the CGE Anti-Money Laundering policy can be found here.Application of LawsYou acknowledge and agree that although the information and materials on Certified Gold Exchange‚ Inc.’s website may be read throughout the world‚ this website is designed and intended for use in the United States, and your entrance into this website will be construed and evaluated according to the laws of the United States. If you access this website from another country‚ you are responsible for compliance with any and all applicable local laws. If the information and materials on the website do not conform to the laws of the country from which you access the website‚ the information is not meant for you. Certified Gold Exchange‚ Inc. makes no representation that the information and materials contained on this website are appropriate for countries outside the United States.
SubscribeJoin 75,000 of the most informed investors in the metals market
Email *
Free Gold IRA Kitand 7 Blunders Report
Knowledge is Power! Get Your Free Gold IRA Kit & 7 Blunders Report Now
Get My Gold IRA Kit & 7 Blunders Report
xGet Our Award Winning Reports
Privacy Assurance Policy
Get My Free Reports
Privacy Assurance Policy
$500 Cash Rebate Program on Select US Mint ProductsFund your gold IRA by 9/1/2015 and you'll receive up to $500 cash back.Callers receive expedited service and a free CGE golf cap.Call 1-800-300-0715
No thanks Successfully Submitted!
One Moment
While Your
Requested Guide Is Uploaded.0%
Please Select Your Free Award Winning Publications:
7 Costly Gold & Silver Blunders
Real Money Magazine
Join More Than 75,000 Investors That Have Trusted CGE as Their Source For Metals Information Since 1992
* indicates required fieldFast, Free and Confidential Privacy Assurance Policy100% of our website is encrypted and we never share your info!Paul David VanCleef VP Client ServicesDue to Insurance and Bonding regulations, the Certified Gold Exchange only permits visitor appointments for our institutional investors who meet the following requirements:Current assets invested at CGE of over $2 millionNo state or federal felony convictions3-day advance reservationValid US ID or passportTo set up your visit, please call 1800-300-0715 Ext. 303
xInvestor ToolsPlease choose the following info
Super Cycle
AF
Stocks
Bail-Ins
FDIC
MyRA
US Debt clock.org
AESP
ShadowStats
Silver
SDIRA
KT Fees
Roth Conversion Calculator
Roth IRA's
PBC
BBB
xGet Our Award Winning ReportsPrivacy Assurance Policy
Get My Free Reports
ABOUT SSL CERTIFICATES
Privacy Assurance Policy
xRequest a CallPlease complete the follwowing info
First Name *
Last Name *
Phone Number *
Best time to call *
Please Call Now10:00 AM CST11:00 AM CST12:00 PM CST1:00 PM CST2:00 PM CST3:00 PM CST4:00 PM CST5:00 PM CST6:00 PM CST
Receive a Call Now
Privacy Assurance Policy
This CGE website uses cookies for analytics and to personalize content. If you continue to browse our site, you agree that you have read and understand our Privacy Policy.Ok, got itPrivacy policy