http://www.nppc.org/privacy-statement/
Privacy Statement
Disclaimer
The National Pork Producers Council provides links from this site to the websites of other organizations for informational purposes only. The links do not imply an endorsement of the other organizations or the content of their websites by the National Pork Producers Council. The National Pork Producers Council also posts material for informational purposes prepared by other organizations and individuals not employed by the National Pork Producers Council. The National Pork Producers Council does not necessarily agree with the opinions expressed in such material.
Privacy Statement for www.nppc.org
Thank you for visiting the National Pork Producers Council and reviewing our privacy statement. The National Pork Producers Council has created this privacy statement to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website: www.nppc.org
Cookies
A cookie is a small computer file saved to your computer by a website with information by the site for various functions. The National Pork Producers Council does not employ cookies in the site. At no point will information from the National Pork Producers Council be saved on the site itself. Your Internet browser (i.e., Internet Explorer, Google Chrome) may cache portions of the site for faster performance and/or save the site address in its history of visited sites. These operations are controlled by the browser itself, not by the National Pork Producers Council. If you wish to modify your browser’s caching settings or delete stored files or history information, consult the help feature of your browser software.
Server Logs and Statistics
The National Pork Producers Council saves aggregate site statistics. These statistics are compiled daily from server log files. The raw server logs are deleted periodically. IP addresses and domain names are stored as part of our routine activity logging but used only to assess traffic. The individual files accessed by particular IP addresses and domain names are not tracked. IP names and domains are only stored in aggregate. All aggregate site traffic data are used only to optimize performance and gauge the popularity of certain site features.
Personal Information Collection and Use
The National Pork Producers Council collects personal information that is voluntarily submitted by visitors to this site to respond to requests for publications or other information, including requests for e-mail notification regarding issues of interest to visitors. The National Pork Producers Council also collects aggregate data on visitors to see which parts of the site are being used most frequently and which information is of the most interest to them. The National Pork Producers Council does not sell, rent, share or otherwise voluntarily disclose visitors’ e-mail addresses or other identifying information shared on this site with any third party.
List Removal
If you would like to be removed from our e-mail list, you can click on the link that came in your confirmation e-mail. Doing so automatically removes your address from our records. You may also e-mail news@nppc.org with a request for removal.