http://www.nzbizbuysell.co.nz/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy for NZ Bizbuysell
Use of your Information
nzbizbuysell does not sell or rent your personal information to third parties.
We work to be consistent with industry best practice and have incorporated security and privacy practices accordingly in our websites. We may collect and store information relating to you that you have provided to us or that we may have obtained from other sources. In using our websites you agree that we may use your information for the purposes you provided it, or in dealing with complaints and other client or customer related activities. We may collect and store information about your visits to our websites to measure visitor activity to different parts of our sites. Any personal information about you and your business held by us is only accessible to NZ Bizworks Ltd personnel who are required to safeguard that information and access it only for business purposes.
Cookies
Information about the use of our websites helps us provide the best possible results and user experience. We may collect and store information about the way our websites are used using cookies. A cookie is a message given to an internet browser by a web server. The message is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. This identifies your computer uniquely but does not harm your computer and does not identify you.
Cookies allow you to retain search queries and access certain features, and us to track visits, usage patterns and to compile data that can help us improve our content and target advertising. If you do not wish to have a cookie placed on your computer you may be able to disable all cookies via your browser’s "Options" or "Preferences" menu.
Occasionally we may use a third-party advertising company to serve ads when you visit our websites. In the course of serving such advertisements, our third-party advertiser may place or recognise a unique cookie on your computer.
Emails
Protecting your information is important.
By registering an account on any of our websites, you consent to the receipt of commercial emails from us. Information sent to us via electronic form or by email will be collected and used for the purposes for which you have provided it. Any Newsletters or Bulletins will contain clear and obvious instructions allowing you to opt-out from that mailing list directly.
Your Login and Password Responsibilities
To become a registered site user you must provide a login name (email) and a password. You are entirely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality and the activities that occur under your login name. If your security has been breached please change your password and / or contact us directly.
Credit and Debit Card Security
We work diligently to protect the security of your personal information, including credit and debit card information. Your Credit Card details are not held by us,
however they may be held by Direct Payment Solutions (DPS) who provide our secure payment gateway services - review their Privacy Policy.
Contact Us
NZ BizWorks Ltd
23 Birmingham Drive
Christchurch NZ 8024
Phone: +64 3 3370005
Email: Contact
Changes to Policy
We may change this policy, by adding, changing or removing terms at any time. Any change applies from the time it is published on our websites. It is the user's responsibility to be familiar with any changes.
Please read our full terms and conditions.
Go to Sell a Business