http://www.spectrum-metrology.co.uk/privacy-policy.php
Call us today:
+44 (0)116 276 6262
Call us
Email us
Email us
with any questions
Search:
Home
Contact Us
Electro-Optical Metrology
Applications
Service & Repair
Laser Tracker Accessories
Workshop Roughness, Roundness & Form
Applications
Dimensional Measurement
Applications
Non-contact 2D/3D Surface Feature Measurement
Applications
Flooring Safety
Privacy Policy
Please read this policy carefully. By visiting this website, you acknowledge and agree to the practices described in this policy, except where your specific consent is requested. This Privacy Policy, and the Legal Notices listed on this website, which may be updated from time to time, describes our collection, use and disclosure of personal and non-personal information collected through this website or in the course of our business activities.
For the purposes of applicable data protection law, we, the business unit for this website, are the controller of any personal information collected from you on this website or otherwise for conducting or developing our business with you.
Information We Collect Automatically
When you visit this website, our server automatically collects certain browser or device generated information, including but not limited to your:
domain;
IP address;
date, time and duration of your visit;
browser type;
operating system; and
page visits.
We do not use this automatically collected information to try to identify you, however, we may associate it with the information you provide voluntarily, as detailed below.
Information You Provide
In using this website, conducting business with us or seeking to conduct business with us, you may voluntarily provide personal information to us in the following ways:
by filling in forms (for example, a 'Contact Us' form), on our website or at a trade show or anywhere else we conduct business;
by downloading documentation from our website;
by subscribing to newsletters or other communications;
by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise using our contact details; or
by applying for a job, work placement or internship.
Typically, the personal information you give us may include your name, company name, address, e-mail address, phone number, and any personal details required to resolve any enquiries or complaints. This information is required to enter into a contract with you (such as in anticipation of an employment contract or a purchase agreement or the provision of services such as the download of information from our website) and failure to provide any information may result in our inability to provide requested services or products or consider your application for employment.
Information We Obtain from Third Parties
We may also obtain information about you and the company you work for from third parties, including social media and data augmentation services.
Contained within our website is a tracking code provided by Lead Forensics. This code enables Lead Forensics to track activity on the website and provide us with information on the IP address of the requesting computer, the date and duration of the user’s visit, and the web pages which the user visits.
The Lead Forensics tool uses IP tracking for identifying businesses and is not the same as cookies. The Lead Forensics tracking code only provides information that is readily available in the public domain. It does not, and cannot, provide individual, personal or sensitive data regarding who has visited our website. It provides information on what companies have visited our website by identifying them from their IP address. This data may be used by us to contact the business about their experience or for marketing purposes. We will not pass this data to third parties for any reason. More information can be found at www.leadforensics.com.
Cookies
Our website uses cookies and you can see details of this on our cookies link here:http://www.spectrum-metrology.co.uk/cookie-usage.php
Use of Personal Information
The following is an overview of our purposes for using your personal information. Please remember that additional details on how we process your personal information may be provided to you in a separate notice or contract.
All processing (i.e. use) of your personal information is justified by a "condition" for processing. In the majority of cases, processing will be justified on the basis that:
you have consented to the processing;
the processing is necessary to perform a contract with you or take steps to enter into a contract;
the processing is necessary for us to comply with a relevant legal obligation; or
the processing is in our legitimate interests, subject to your interests and fundamental rights, and notably our legitimate interest in using suppler, customer and website user data to conduct and develop our business activities with them and with others.
We use the personal information we collect to:
conduct and develop our business with you and with others;
improve our website, and our products and services generally;
customize our website to users' needs;
provide you with documentation or communications which you have requested;
correspond with users to resolve their queries or complaints;
manage a recruitment, work placement or internship process, including considering applications and making offers;
provide you with any services or products you request; and
send you marketing communications, where it is lawful for us to do so.
Disclosure of Personal Information
We are a sales distributor and from time to time it will be necessary to share your information with our affiliated businesses (who will operate under our instructions) to assist us in providing information, products or services to you, in conducting and managing our business, or in managing and improving this website, and these third parties may need access to your information.
We may share your personal information with third parties in connection with potential or actual sale of our company or any of our assets, or those of any affiliated company, in which case personal information held by us about our users may be one of the transferred assets.
We will also respond to requests for information where required by to do so by law, or when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, request from a regulator or any other legal process served on us.
Marketing, SMS & emails
Where lawful to do so, and subject to your consent where required, we may communicate with you by SMS and email to tell you about our products and services. If you wish to opt-out of receiving marketing communications, please use the 'unsubscribe' link provided in our emails or text the STOP number in our SMS, or otherwise contact us directly through the Contact Us link below and we will stop sending you communications.
Profiling for marketing purposes
The purpose of any profiling is to deliver website content or email content that has high relevancy and, or applicability to the company that you represent. To achieve this, we use the information you have provided, and information provided by third party data augmentation services, to try and identify the SIC industry code and other important information for the company you represent. Additionally, we also try and identify the product and application interests your company may have based on your visiting patterns at our websites (Information we collect automatically) and responses to our emails (Information you provide). Based on this information we then tailor the email content and potentially the website content to better match the requirements and interests of the company you represent. The described processing is based on our legitimate interest (Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR).
Security
We use data storage and security techniques to protect your personal information from unauthorized access, improper use or disclosure, unauthorized modification or unlawful destruction or accidental loss. However, it is important to remember that no website can be 100% secure and we cannot be held responsible for unauthorized or unintended access that is beyond our control.
Retention of your Information
We apply a general rule of keeping personal information only for as long as required to fulfil the purposes for which it was collected. However, in some circumstances we may retain personal information for longer periods of time, for instance where we are required to do so in accordance with legal, tax and accounting requirements.
In specific circumstances we may also retain your personal information for longer periods of time so that we have an accurate record of your dealings with us in the event of any complaints or challenges.
External Links
This website may contain links to third party sites. Since we do not control nor are we responsible for the privacy practices of those websites, we encourage you to review the privacy policies of these third-party sites. This policy applies solely to personal information collected by this Website or in the course of our business activities.
Your rights
Subject to applicable law, you may have some or all of the following rights in respect of your personal information:
to obtain a copy of your personal information together with information about how and on what basis that personal information is processed;
to rectify inaccurate personal information (including the right to have incomplete personal information completed);
to erase your personal information (in limited circumstances, where it is no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which it was collected or processed);
to restrict processing of your personal information where:
the accuracy of the personal information is contested;
the processing is unlawful but you object to the erasure of the personal information;
we no longer require the personal information, but it is still required for the establishment, exercise or defense of a legal claim;
to port your data in machine-readable format to a third party (or to you) when we justify our processing on the basis of your consent or the performance of a contract with you;
to withdraw your consent to our processing of your personal information (where that processing is based on your consent);
to object to decisions which are based solely on automated processing or profiling; and
to obtain or see a copy of the appropriate safeguards under which your personal information is transferred to a third country or international organisation.
In addition to the above rights, you have the right to object to any processing of your information which we have justified based on a legitimate interest, including profiling (as opposed to your consent, or to perform a contract with you). You also have the right to object to any processing of your information for direct marketing purposes, including profiling for marketing purposes.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with your local supervisory authority for data protection.
In relation to all these rights, please contact us using the Contact Us link below. Please note that we may request proof of identity, and we reserve the right to charge a fee where permitted by law, for instance if your request is manifestly unfounded or excessive. We will endeavour to respond to your request within all applicable timeframes.
Contact information
If you have any questions in relation to this policy or you wish to exercise any of your rights, please click here to submit your request.
Want more information? Get in touch:
+44 (0)116 276 6262
Email Us
LinkedIn
About:
Home
Contact Us
News
Site Map
Cookie Usage
Privacy Policy
Products:
Electro-Optical Metrology
Laser Tracker Accessories
Workshop Surface Roughness, Roundness & Form
Dimensional Measurement Products
Gauging and Transducers
Flooring and Slip Resistance
Market Sectors:
Precision Engineering
Aerospace
Automotive
Calibration
Medical
Shipbuilding & Repair
© 2003-20 Spectrum Metrology Ltd.