https://www.lacroixwater.com/shop-policies/
Subscribe
Sign up to our newsletter and receive 10% off your first order.
Email Address*
First Name
Last Name
Marketing Permissions
Please select all the ways you would like to hear from LaCroix Water:
Email
Direct Mail
Customized Online Advertising
You can unsubscribe at any time by clicking the link in the footer of our emails. For information about our privacy practices, please visit our website.
We use Mailchimp as our marketing platform. By clicking below to subscribe, you acknowledge that your information will be transferred to Mailchimp for processing. Learn more about Mailchimp's privacy practices here.
SUBMIT
subscribe now
Shop Policies
Purchase Policy:
The LaCroix Sparkling Water Shop will only accept major credit cards (MasterCard, Visa, and Discover) No cash, checks or money orders.
Customer Support:
For online orders only,
all customer questions are to be submitted by calling 313-925-1600. Customers will be contacted via email or telephone within 24 hours or the next business day.
LaCroix Sparkling Water Return Policy:
The LaCroix Sparkling Water Shop will accept returns of garments only within 30 days of customer receiving order. Returns must be unworn, unwashed or defective items only. Please send original sales receipt with return shipment. Return/Exchange packages must be shipped pre-paid, preferably United Parcel Service(UPS).
Refund will be credited to the credit card used in original purchase (less the initial shipping charges). Refunds will be processed within one week of receiving an authorized return.
All sales are final unless the return is a result of The LaCroix Sparkling Water Shop error or damaged merchandise.
The LaCroix Sparkling Water Shop is not responsible for misuse, mishandling or any other actions or inactions attributable to the purchaser and or carrier (United States Postal Service, UPS etc).
How to return merchandise:
For online orders only, please contact customer care at 313-925-1600 for details.
Shipping:
The LaCroix Sparkling Water Shop retains the rights to adjust incorrect shipping calculation costs due to any internet or server failures or miscalculations, and will contact customers by email or phone if this occurs to provide the accurate costs.
All purchases will be shipped via ground transportation and should arrive within 7 to 10 days upon confirmation of order.
We cannot deliver to PO Boxes, APO Military addresses or outside of the USA.