http://www.tastefullysimple.com/terms-of-use
Find a party
view party
switch parties
remove party
Home
Terms of Use and Privacy
Welcome to our website, where life is simple, delicious and fun! We have a few rules that we appreciate you following while you are on our site. Thanks for understanding that we need to protect the intellectual property of Tastefully Simple and make sure everyone is playing fair.
We provide key information about our company, products and consultants through this website and related authorized consultant sites at www.tastefullysimple.com and tastefullysimple.com (to make things read easier, we will just refer to these as the "Site"). By using this Site, you, the user (a.k.a. yes, "You"), agree to these Terms of Use. Please note that these Terms of Use are subject to change at any time, and we encourage you to check back frequently for changes, updates and alterations. (And hey, who doesn't want to come back and read Terms of use every once in a while, right?)
One big rule is that you agree to use names and email addresses of consultants only to gain information about the respective Tastefully Simple businesses, to ask about the great opportunity to start your own Tastefully Simple business, to seek information about Tastefully Simple and our delicious products, to purchase products (yum!) or to schedule a party (fun ... what a great idea, right?). The lawyers want us to tell you that any other use is strictly prohibited.
restrictions on useWe hope you enjoy viewing this Site! (You can even lick the screen when you see our delicious food photos - we won't tell a soul.) But remember, all of this goodness is solely for your own personal and noncommercial use, subject to all copyright, trademark and other proprietary notices. Any other use of materials on this Site, including reproduction, modification, distribution, republication, transmission, public showing or any other shenanigans, without the prior written permission of Tastefully Simple, Inc., is strictly prohibited. In other words, play nice - and give credit where it's due. (You can still totally tell your mother-in-law that you make everything from scratch though.)
trademarksJust a friendly reminder that our trademarks are, in fact, ours. Tastefully Simple®, Simple. Delicious. Fun.™, Bountiful Beer Bread Mix®, and many other product names, as well as the respective logos, are protected trademarks of Tastefully Simple, Inc. Unauthorized use of these trademarks is strictly prohibited. All other trademarks, company names or logos referenced in the Site are the property of their respective owners.
copyrightIn a nutshell, don't steal our stuff. And by "stuff," we mean that all Site design, text and layout, including articles, photos, product graphics, other graphics and content, and the selection and arrangement thereof, are owned by Tastefully Simple, Inc. and protected under copyright law. You may not remove or obscure the copyright notices or other notices contained in this Site.
The entire contents of tastefullysimple.com are also copyrighted as a collective work under the United States copyright laws or by other information providers who have licensed their content for use on tastefullysimple.com. That means you cannot reproduce, republish or redistribute on any network material from this website without the written consent of Tastefully Simple, Inc. (Again, just don't steal our stuff. Seriously.)
To obtain permission to reuse or republish electronically (or to download or otherwise copy) any material owned by Tastefully Simple, Inc. or if you believe that your copyright has been infringed, please contact Wendy Steidl, Tastefully Simple, Inc., 1920 Turning Leaf Lane SW, Alexandria, MN 56308-4505, wendy.steidl@tastefullysimple.com or 320.763.0695.
idea & photo submissionGot ideas for new products or take a terrific photo? Feel free to share 'em with us! Just remember that any ideas, proposals and/or other information - including recipes, recipe photos, product photos, product suggestions and other photos - submitted to Tastefully Simple will be considered non-confidential and property of Tastefully Simple.
Here's the lowdown from our lawyers: By submitting material to the Site, or directly to Tastefully Simple, Inc., you agree that Tastefully Simple, Inc. shall not be under any obligation of confidentiality or non-use, express or implied, with respect to any such material. Tastefully Simple, Inc. may disclose or use any material for any purpose in any format (written or electronic) whatsoever, at its sole discretion, with no obligation, express or implied, to compensate or work with the person or entity that supplied the material. By submitting such material, you represent and warrant that it is your own work, you have all rights to submit such material and it does not violate the intellectual property rights of anyone.
ratings & reviewsYour feedback is important to us - and we love to hear from you! Again, just play fair. By submitting any written, photo or other content to Tastefully Simple, Inc. you agree that:
You are the sole author and owner of the intellectual property rights thereto;
All "moral rights" that you may have in such content have been voluntarily waived;
All content that you post is accurate;
You are at least 18 years old;
Use of the content you supply does not violate these Terms of Use and will not cause injury to anyone.
Wait - there's more from our lawyers. Ahem ... you further agree and warrant that you won't submit any content:
That is known to you to be false, inaccurate or misleading;
That infringes any third party's copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret or other proprietary rights or rights of publicity or privacy;
That violates any law, statute, ordinance or regulation (including, but not limited to, those governing export control, consumer protection, unfair competition, anti-discrimination or false advertising);
That is, or may be reasonably be considered to be, defamatory, libelous, hateful, racially or religiously biased or offensive, unlawfully threatening or unlawfully harassing to any individual, partnership or corporation;
For which you were compensated or granted any consideration by any third party;
That includes any information that references other websites, addresses, email addresses, contact information or phone numbers;
That contains any computer viruses, worms or other potentially damaging computer programs or files.
(You wouldn't do any of that, would you? We didn't think so. Just making sure.)
There is a little more fine print ... Except as may be prohibited or limited by state law (including but not limited to New Jersey’s Truth-In-Consumer Contract, Warranty and Notice Act), you also agree to indemnify and hold Tastefully Simple, Inc. (and its officers, directors, agents, subsidiaries, joint ventures, employees and third-party service providers, including but not limited to Bazaarvoice, Inc.), harmless for all claims, demands, and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of a breach of your representations and warranties set forth above, or your violation of any law or the rights of a third party. For any content that you submit, you grant Tastefully Simple, Inc. a perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, transferable right and license to use, copy, modify, delete in its entirety, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from and/or sell and/or distribute such content and/or incorporate such content into any form, medium or technology without compensation to you.
Whew! We're almost done - we promise. Remember, all content that you submit may be used by Tastefully Simple, Inc. at its sole discretion. That means we reserve the right to change, condense or delete any content on the Site that we deem, in our sole discretion, violates these Terms of Use. you may also not be able to edit or delete any content you have submitted. Ratings and written comments are generally posted within 2-4 business days. However, we reserve the right to remove or to refuse to post any submission for any reason. You acknowledge that you are responsible for the contents of your submission, and again, it won't be considered confidential by Tastefully Simple, Inc., its agents, subsidiaries, affiliates, partners or third-party service providers and their respective directors, officers and employees.
By the way, we'll also drop you a line if we have a question about your reviews or photos. Sound good? Great. By submitting your email address with your rating and review, you agree that Tastefully Simple, Inc. and its third-party service providers may email you about the status of your review or for other administrative purposes.
linkingWant to share your love for Tastefully Simple? We're honored! Just give us a heads-up and ask us for approval to link to our homepage. We'll be happy to oblige, as long as you do not remove or obscure the copyright notice in the Site and are willing to discontinue the link upon request. But you still need to ask and get approval! Remember, any links to external websites contained in the Site are not under the control of Tastefully Simple, Inc., and we are not responsible for the content of any linked site. (In other words, we have no control over what people post on YouTube, Facebook and such.)
disclaimer & limitation of liabilityA few final words from our lawyers (because they are always so diligent): Tastefully Simple, Inc. does not warrant or guarantee the accuracy, adequacy, quality, validity, completeness or suitability of the Site for any purpose whatsoever. We cannot guarantee that the Site will be free of infection by viruses, worms, Trojan horses or any other contaminating or destructive properties.
In no event shall Tastefully Simple, Inc. be liable to anyone for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions with respect to the Site or the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof, or any damage arising thereof, or the results obtained from the use of the Site.
governing lawWe're proud to be a Minnesota-based company, complete with its charming lakes, friendly people and ridiculously cold and snowy winters. That means this Site is controlled by Tastefully Simple, Inc. from our headquarters in the State of Minnesota. All claims related to this Site must be brought in the state or federal courts in the State of Minnesota and will be governed by the laws of the State of Minnesota.
terms of use
BBBOnline Reliability Program practices do not apply to other websitesWe're also proud to meet or exceed the requirements of the BBBOnline reliability program. The BBBOnline seal applies to Tastefully Simple Inc.'s website (which means you can always shop with confidence). Though consultant websites are accessible via the Site, each consultant is responsible for client issues regarding products or service. While we expect our consultants to share our views on service and privacy, we cannot assume responsibility or liability for their independent practices or actions.
And last but not least, Tastefully Simple is a corporate member of the Direct Selling Association and committed to abiding by the Direct Selling Association's Code of Ethics. Direct sales companies are admitted to the Association following a one-year period, during which Tastefully Simple's business plan was reviewed to verify compliance with the provisions of the DSA's Code of Ethics. In addition, we cooperate with ongoing audits of our materials and policies. For any questions or concerns regarding the DSA's Code of Ethics, please contact info@dsa.org.
Above all, we're committed to always doing the right thing at Tastefully Simple - and we know you are, too. So enjoy your visit to this Site, kick back and stay awhile. We'd love to show you around!
privacy policy
This Privacy Policy applies to the main Site as well as related consultant Sites accessed at www.tastefullysimple.com.
We are committed to protecting your privacy and using any personal information you provide responsibly. We believe it is important for you to understand what information we collect from you, how it is used and who will have access to that information.
information collectedThe information we receive depends on what you do when you visit or Sites. We do not collect or retain any personal information unless you choose to provide it to us. When you visit our Site, Tastefully Simple, Inc. collects and stores non-personally identifiable information such as:
the name of the domain form which you access the Internet,
the date and time you access our Site,
and the Internet address of the website from which you linked to our Site.
Tastefully Simple may also use your information if you opt to receive information about Tastefully Simple, hosting a party, becoming a consultant, or purchasing or inquiring about Tastefully Simple products from an independent Tastefully Simple consultant. We use this information to track the number of visitors to the different pages of our Site as well as make our Site more convenient to users.
If you contact us, submit ideas to us or request to be contacted by a Consultant, we collect the information you provide, which may include name, email address, postal address and telephone number. When you make a purchase from an authorized Tastefully Simple Consultant Site, your credit card information is collected and stored only for the duration of the sale, unless you ask to have the information store indefinitely. In addition, when you make a purchase from an authorized Tastefully Simple Consultant Site, your billing and shipping information may be used to provide you with additional product information and offers unless you request not to receive such information.
information disclosureWe may disclose your personal information for the following purposes:
To our Tastefully Simple Consultants to provide services to you;
To organizations that perform services for us or on our behalf, including, without limitation, to provide customer service; process credit cards; conduct research, marketing or data processing; or to provide marketing or promotional services on our behalf, to the extent that information is necessary to provide services to us;
To protect the Site and our rights; to protect ourselves against liability or prevent fraudulent activity; or where it is necessary to permit us to pursue available remedies or limit any damages that we may sustain;
In the event of or in connection with the sale, merger, spin-off or other corporate reorganization of our corporation, where the information is provided to the new controlling entity in regular course of business;
If required to comply with a subpoena or warrant issued or an order made by a court, person or body with jurisdiction to compel the production of information, or to comply with the rules or court relating to the production of records; and
If we believe in good faith that a law, regulation, rule or guideline requires it.
data securityTo prevent unauthorized use, maintain data accuracy and ensure the appropriate use of information, Tastefully Simple has put in place appropriate physical, electronic and administrative procedures to safeguard and secure information collected online. Tastefully Simple is working to meet or exceed the requirements for the 12 Payment Card Industry (PCI) and Data Security Standards to ensure that any data you provide is secure.
changes to privacy policyWe may change or supplement this Privacy Policy from time to time and we will post revised versions of this Policy on the Site. Privacy Policy changes will apply to the information collected from the date we post the revised Privacy Policy to the Site, as well as to existing information held by us.
California privacy rightsCalifornia residents have the right to request the following information from businesses with whom they have an established business relationship:
a list of the categories of personal information that a business has disclosed to third parties during the immediately preceding calendar year for the third parties' direct marketing purposes if any, and
the names and addresses of all such third parties, if any. Tastefully Simple and/or your consultant will collect your address and zip code to facilitate shipping any products you choose to order. Collection of such information is necessary to complete your order.
If you are a Tastefully Simple client and a California resident, please contact us at the postal address below to request this information. Please note that we are only required to respond to each client once per calendar year.
opting out of promotional communications
To opt out of promotional emails: Follow the instructions provided in email communication footer or contact us at help@tastefullysimple.com.To opt out of text messages: You may opt out by texting STOP to 68730. There may be a short delay between receiving the request to STOP and the system removing your telephone number for text messages. Complete SMS terms and conditions are available below.Please note that when you opt out of receiving promotional communications, Tastefully Simple may continue to send you non-promotional emails, such as those related to account credentials or transactions.
contact informationAll questions and concerns about your privacy can be sent to privacy@tastefullysimple.com or 1920 Turning Leaf Lane SW, Attn: Privacy Policy Rights, Alexandria, MN 56308-4505.
Effective Date: February 2011
sms text messaging terms and conditions
If you opt in to receiving texts from us and your selected Tastefully Simple consultant (jointly “Tastefully Simple”, “us” or “we”), Tastefully Simple will send you text messages about promotions, events, account alerts, product deliveries, party event reminders and other opportunities. Message and data rates may apply.If you decide you don't want to receive texts any more, you can opt out by texting STOP to 68730. There may be a short delay between receiving the request to STOP and the system removing your telephone number for text messages.If your phone number changes, please let us know immediately by updating your profile through our preference center or calling customer service at 1-866-448-6446 or email help@tastefullysimple.com.Please read these terms and conditions carefully. By checking the box to sign up for one or more text messaging programs, you expressly consent to receive non-marketing and marketing text messages from Tastefully Simple and (apart from a consultant who may text you regarding a product order or other issue regarding their business) others texting on our behalf, at the telephone number(s) that you provide. You may opt-out of these communications at any time, and consent to receive marketing text messages is not required to purchase any goods or services. You also accept and agree to be bound by these SMS Terms and Conditions, the Website Terms of Use (listed above) and our Privacy Policy (listed above) and any other applicable terms and agreements related to your use of Tastefully Simple’s services.program descriptionTastefully Simple and its service providers may use an automatic telephone dialing system (“autodialer”) to deliver Tastefully Simple text messages to you. Tastefully Simple text messages are intended to provide you with information about party reminders and invites, upcoming deliveries, special programs, auto-ship reminders and Tastefully Simple products and services (e.g., Company-sponsored events, recipes, coupons, promotions, product launches, sweepstakes, and contests).message frequencyThe number of Company text messages that you receive will vary depending on how many of Tastefully Simple’s text messaging programs for which you sign up to receive messages. You will likely not receive more than 12 messages per month per Tastefully Simple text messaging program. Tastefully Simple brand and consultant communications generally have separate text messaging programs.costMessage and data rates may apply to each text message sent or received about Tastefully Simple text messages, as provided in your mobile telephone service rate plan (please contact your mobile telephone carrier for pricing plans), in addition to any applicable roaming charges. Tastefully Simple does not impose a separate fee for sending Tastefully Simple text messages.supported carriersSupported carriers may change from time to time, but currently include AT&T, T-Mobile*, Verizon Wireless, Sprint, Nextel, Boost, Alltel, US Cellular, and Cellular One, among others.*T-Mobile is not liable for delayed or undelivered messages.how to opt-inTo opt-in to receive text messages from Tastefully Simple text messaging program(s), please follow the instructions provided by the brand registration by texting JOIN to 68730 You will receive a confirmation message for opt-in. You consent to receive up to 12 text messages per month to the telephone number or device you texted JOIN from.how to opt-outTo stop receiving text messages from Tastefully Simple text messaging program(s), text STOP to the five-digit short code 68730 to no longer receive messages. You will then receive confirmation of your opt-out of our text messaging program. This will only opt you out of the specific text messaging program associated with that five-digit short code. You will remain opted in to other Tastefully Simple text messaging programs that have other five-digit short codes.what if I want to opt back in? You can start receiving Tastefully Simple messages again by following the steps outlined in the above section by texting JOIN to short code 68730.your mobile telephone numberYou represent that you are the account holder for the mobile telephone number(s) that you provide. You are responsible for notifying Tastefully Simple immediately if you change your mobile telephone number. You may notify Tastefully Simple of a number change by contacting customer service at 1-866-448-6446 or email help@tastefullysimple.com. You agree to indemnify Company in full for all claims, expenses, and damages related to or caused in whole or in part by your failure to notify Tastefully Simple if you change your telephone number, including, but not limited to, all claims, expenses, and damages related to or arising under the Telephone Consumer Protection Act.privacyPlease review the Company’s privacy policy above.access or delivery to mobile network is not guaranteedDelivery of information and content to a mobile device may fail due to a variety of circumstances or conditions. You understand and acknowledge that network services, including but not limited to mobile network services, are outside of Tastefully Simple’s control, and Tastefully Simple is not responsible or liable for issues arising from them.support/helpTo request more information or assistant, text HELP to the five-digit short code 68730 for the text messaging program about which you have questions (i.e., the five-digit number from which its text messages are being sent). You may also receive help by contacting customer service at 1-866-448-6446 or email at help@tastefullysimple.com.eligibilityTo receive Tastefully Simple text messages, you must be a resident of the United States and 18 years of age or older. Tastefully Simple reserves the right to require you to prove that you are at least 18 years of age.changes to terms and conditionsTastefully Simple may revise, modify, or amend these SMS Terms and Conditions at any time. Any such revision, modification, or amendment shall take effect when it is posted to Tastefully Simple’s website. You agree to review these SMS Terms and Conditions periodically to ensure that you are aware of any changes. Your continued consent to receive Tastefully Simple text messages will indicate your acceptance of those changes. termination of text messagingTastefully Simple may suspend or terminate your receipt of text messages if Tastefully Simple believes you are in breach of these SMS Terms and Conditions. Your receipt of Tastefully Simple text messages is also subject to termination if your mobile telephone service terminates or lapses. Tastefully Simple reserves the right to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, all or any part of its text messages program with or without notice.
×
OK