http://www.scope.co.nz/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Introduction
SCOPE conducts Security consultancy, Factual and Surveillance investigations as instructed by our Clients. We are committed to protecting the privacy of all personal information that we collect.
‘Personal information’ means any information about an individual whose identity is apparent or can be reasonably ascertained from that information.
Our Privacy Policy reflects the content of Principle 8 and Principle 9, Principle 10 and Principle 11 which place restrictions on how people and organizations can use or disclose personal information. These include ensuring information is accurate and up-to-date, and that it isn’t improperly disclosed, gathered from the Privacy Act 1993.
We are bound by the Privacy Act.
Collection & Storage of Personal Information
Before commencing an interview or statement, our investigator will introduce him/herself; explain clearly whom they represent and the reason for their inquiry. In accordance with the Privacy Act our Investigators will seek the interviewee’s consent to collect, use and
disclose their personal information. We use security procedures to protect the information we hold. Access to and use of personal information within SCOPE is appropriately limited to prevent misuse or unlawful disclosure of the information. Where the
personal information we collect is no longer required, we securely dispose of the information.
Use and Disclosure of Personal Information
All Information that we collect is treated as strictly confidential and is only disclosed to our instructing Client, or as otherwise required by law. It is not disclosed to any unauthorized party, or used for any purpose other than the purpose for which it was collected.
For more information
If you would like more information about our Privacy Policy, contact SCOPE on (09) 529 7575 or e-mail Hamish@Scope.co.nz
For further information regarding the Privacy Act, You can view the full Privacy Act 1993 on:
http://www.legislation.govt.nz/act/public/1993/0028/latest/DLM296639.html
CODE OF CONDUCT
SCOPE operates within the framework of the New Zealand Bill of Rights Act 1990
Any investigator conducting investigation activities on behalf of SCOPE is expected to operate according to the following requirements:
Failure to abide by these conditions may result in immediate cessation of any contract work, or in the termination of any business arrangement.
Treat all persons equally, without favor, regardless of nationality, colour, sex, religious belief or social standing. All persons must be treated with dignity and respect.
Preserve complete impartiality and recognise legal and equitable rights for all parties at all times.
Be honest and truthful, at all times respecting the confidentiality of information obtained during the course of any investigation.
Where a potential or actual conflict of interest arises, advise Scope Investigations immediately and seek instructions before proceeding further.
Provide quality of service consistent with the goals and objectives of both the Scope Investigations and our clients.
Not either directly or indirectly receive a gratuity, benefit or reward in connection with any investigations or inquiry undertaken without the knowledge and approval of SCOPE and the Client.
Not by word or action, either directly or indirectly, issue critical comment about SCOPE or the Client in any manner or form.
At all times maintain the confidentiality of information obtained during the course of any investigation or inquiry. Do not discuss with any third party the details of any instruction or document without the knowledge and written approval of SCOPE or the Client.
A full copy of the New Zealand Bill of Rights Act 1990 can be found at:
http://gpacts.knowledge-basket.co.nz/gpacts/public/text/1990/an/109.html
×
Search