https://www.davincilab.com/privacy-policy/
(800) 874-7239
customerservice@davincilab.com
Login
AboutProductsTurnaround TimesSend a CaseSend a FileiOSGalleryResourcesStarter KitBlogContact
Privacy Policy daVinci > Privacy PolicydaVinci Lab Privacy PolicyWe at daVinci Labs are committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy applies to both our Website (www.davinciLab.com). This Privacy Policy governs our data collection, processing and usage practices. It also describes your choices regarding use, access and correction of your personal information. If you do not agree with the data practices described in this Privacy Policy, you should not use the Website.We periodically update this Privacy Policy. If the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice by sending you an email notification.While we will notify you of any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically.Some identifying personal information or protected health information about dental patients may be collected on this website solely for transactional and customer service purposes. This information is provided to us by licensed dental professionals and includes patient name, age, gender, chart number and all pertinent information needed to manufacture dental prosthetics.Your use of our web site constitutes your acknowledgement of agreement with our Privacy Policy. HIPAA CompliancedaVinci Lab fully complies with HIPAA and all laws regarding protected health information. For more information on HIPAA please click here.If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our treatment of the information you provide us, please contact our Customer Service Department at 800.547.2542. 1. HubSpotdaVinci Lab uses the HubSpot Subscription Service to build webpages that people can visit to learn more about our business. daVinci Lab acknowledges that you have the right to access your Personal Information. daVinci Lab controls and is responsible for correcting, deleting or updating information we have collected from you using the HubSpot Subscription Service. If requested to remove data we will respond within a reasonable timeframe. 2. Information We CollectWhen You Visit our WebsiteYou are free to explore our Website without providing any Personal Information about yourself. When you visit the Website and submit a form, we request that you provide Personal Information about yourself, and we collect Navigational Information.  “Personal Information”This refers to any information that you voluntarily submit to us and that identifies you personally, including contact information, such as your name, e-mail address, company name, address, phone number, and other information about yourself or your business. Personal Information can also include information about any transactions, both free and paid, that you enter into on the Website, and information about you that is available on the internet, such as from Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter and Google, or publicly available information that we acquire from service providers.Personal Information also includes Navigational Information where such information can directly or indirectly identify an individual. Navigational information refers to information about your computer and your visits to this website such as your IP address, geographical location, browser type, referral source, length of visit and pages viewed. Please see the “Navigation Information” section below.We collect and process payment information from you when you become a daVInci Lab customer, including credit cards numbers and billing information, using third party PCI-compliant service providers. Except for this, we do not collect Sensitive Information from you. Log FilesWhen you use our services to view content provided by us, we automatically collect information about your computer hardware and software. This information can include your IP address, browser type, domain names, internet service provider (ISP), the files viewed on our site (e.g., HTML pages, graphics, etc.), operating system, clickstream data, access times and referring website addresses. This information to provide general statistics regarding use of the daVinci Lab Website. For these purposes, we do link this automatically-collected data to Personal Information such as name, email address, address, and phone number. Information About ChildrenThis Website is not intended for or targeted at children under 16, and we do not knowingly or intentionally collect information about children under 16. If you believe that we have collected information about a child under 16, please contact us at 800.547.2542, so that we may delete the information. 3. How We Use Information We Collect Compliance with Our Privacy PolicyWe use the information we collect only in compliance with this Privacy Policy.We Never Sell Personal Information.We will never sell your Personal Information to any third party. Use of Personal InformationIn addition to the uses identified elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, we may use your Personal Information to:Send information or daVinci Lab content to you which we think may be of interest to you by post, email, or other means and send you marketing communications relating to our business;promote use of our services to you and share promotional and information content with you in accordance with your communication preferences;provide other companies with statistical information about our users — but this information will not be used to identify any individual user;send information to you regarding changes to our Customer Terms of Service, Privacy Policy (including the Cookie Policy), or other legal agreements.Our legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described above will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. However, we will normally collect personal information from you only where we have your consent to do so, where we need the personal information to perform a contract with you, or where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect personal information from you.If we ask you to provide personal information to comply with a legal requirement or to perform a contract with you, we will make this clear at the relevant time and advise you whether the provision of your personal information is mandatory or not (as well as of the possible consequences if you do not provide your personal information). Similarly, if we collect and use your personal information in reliance on our legitimate interests (or those of any third party), we will make clear to you at the relevant time what those legitimate interests are. Customer Testimonials and CommentsWe post customer testimonials and comments on our Website, which may contain Personal Information. We obtain each customer’s consent via email prior to posting the customer’s name and testimonial. Use of Credit Card InformationIf you give us credit card information, we use it solely to check your financial qualifications and collect payment from you. We use a third-party service provider to manage credit card processing. This service provider is not permitted to store, retain, or use information you provide except for the sole purpose of credit card processing on our behalf. Security of your Personal InformationWe use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. We secure the Personal Information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. All Personal Information is protected using appropriate physical, technical and organizational measures. Social Media FeaturesOur Website includes Social Media Features, such as the Facebook Like button and Widgets, such as the Share This button or interactive mini-programs that run on our sites. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our sites, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Website. This Privacy Policy does not apply to these features.  Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy and other policies of the companies providing them. External WebsitesOur Website provides links to other websites. We do not control, and are not responsible for, the content or practices of these other websites. Our provision of such links does not constitute our endorsement of these other websites, their content, their owners, or their practices. This Privacy Policy does not apply to these other websites, which are subject to any privacy and other policies they may have. Public BlogWe offer a publicly accessible blog. Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose any information through our blog, this information may be collected and used by others. We will correct or delete any information you have posted on the Website if you so request, as described in “Opting Out and Unsubscribing” below. Retention of Personal InformationHow long we keep information we collect about you depends on the type of information, as described in further detail below.  After such time, we will either delete or anonymize your information or, if this is not possible, then we will securely store your information and isolate it from any further use until deletion is possible.We retain Personal Information that you provide to us where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, as long as is required in order to contact you about our services, or as needed to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements).When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your Personal Information, we securely delete the information or anonymise it or, if this is not possible, then we will securely store your Personal Information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible. We will delete this information from the servers at an earlier date if you so request, as described in “To Unsubscribe from Our Communications” below.If you have elected to receive marketing communications from us, we retain information about your marketing preferences for a reasonable period of time from the date you last expressed interest in our content, products, or services, such as when you last opened an email from us.  We retain information derived from cookies and other tracking technologies for a reasonable period of time from the date such information was created. 4.  How we Share Information we Collect Service ProvidersWe employ other companies and people to provide services to visitors to our Website. Examples may include removing repetitive information from prospect lists, analyzing data or performing statistical analysis, providing marketing assistance, processing credit card payments, supplementing the information you provide us in order to provide you with better service, and providing customer service or support. In all cases where we share your information with such agents, we explicitly require the agent to acknowledge and adhere to our privacy and customer data handling policies. daVinci Lab PartnersIn addition, we may share data with trusted partners to contact you based on your request to receive such communications, help us perform statistical analysis, or provide customer support. Such third parties are prohibited from using your Personal Information except for these purposes, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information. Corporate EventsIf we are acquired by another company, whether by merger, acquisition, bankruptcy or otherwise, that company would receive all information gathered by daVinci Lab on the Website. In this event, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our website, of any change in ownership, uses of your Personal Information, and choices you may have regarding your Personal Information. Compelled DisclosureWe reserve the right to use or disclose your Personal Information if required by law or if we reasonably believe that use or disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or comply with a law, court order, or legal process. 5. Cookies and Similar Technologies CookiesdaVinci Lab and its partners use cookies or similar technologies (such as web beacons) to analyze trends, administer the website, track users’ movements around the website, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. To find out more about how we use cookies on our Website and how to manage your cookie preferences please see our Cookie Policy. Flash Cookies and Other Third Party Tracking TechnologiesThe Adobe Flash Player (and similar applications) use technology to remember settings, preferences and usage similar to browser cookies but these are managed through a different interface than the one provided by your Web browser. This technology creates locally stored objects that are often referred to as “Flash cookies.”We partner with a third party ad network to either display advertising on our Website or to manage our advertising on other sites. Our ad network partner uses cookies and Web beacons to collect information about your activities on this and other Websites to provide you targeted advertising based upon your interests.  If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you targeted ads, you may opt-out by clicking here: http://preferences.truste.com/ (or if located in the European Union, by clicking here: http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/). Please note this does not opt you out of being served advertising.  You will continue to receive generic ads. Third Party Tracking TechnologiesThe use of cookies and web beacons by any tracking utility company is not covered by our Privacy Policy or Cookie Policy. 6. How to Access & Control Your Personal DataReviewing, Correcting and Removing Your Personal InformationYou have the following data protection rights:You can request access, correction, updates or deletion of your personal information.You can object to processing of your personal information, ask us to restrict processing of your personal information or request portability of your personal information.If we have collected and process your personal information with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal information. Contact details for data protection authorities in the EEA, Switzerland and certain non-European countries (including the US and Canada) are available here.)To exercise any of these rights, please contact our Customer Service Department at 800.547.2542..We will respond to your request to change, correct, or delete your information within a reasonable timeframe and notify you of the action we have taken. To Unsubscribe From Our CommunicationsYou may unsubscribe from our marketing communications by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link located on the bottom of our e-mails, updating your communication preferences, or by contacting our Customer Service Department at 800.547.2542.. Customers cannot opt out of receiving transactional emails related to their account with us. ContactIf you have any questions about our website or our Privacy Policy, please contact our Customer Service Department at 800.547.2542. daVinci Labs
Recently Posted
Starter Kit Experience, talent and concern for scientific principles are evident in the implant prosthetics produced by daVinci Dental Stud... Dr. Carl E Misch, DDS, MDS Dental SurgeondaVinci has provided true value to the dental profession not only through their very high expertise and total commitment to h... Dr. Gerard J. Chiche ClinicianI can’t tell you how much this is meant for me. It has given me my confidence back. Now, I smile and laugh with the best of th... R. F., Los Angeles, CA Patient
AboutProductsTurnaround TimesStarter KitSend a CaseSend a FileResourcesiOSGalleryBlogContactPrivacy PolicyWe are on social media!
© 2020 Da Vinci. All right reserved
Dental Marketing Company