http://www.beckercap.com/privacy-policy/
Menu
About
Services
Articles
Contact
Secure Document Upload
Last updated: June 30, 2019
Becker Capital Management, Inc. (“Becker Capital, “we,” “us,” “our”) takes privacy very seriously and is committed to protecting your personal information.
Becker Capital operates http://www.beckercap.com (the “Site”). Please read this privacy policy carefully before you access the Site. This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal information we receive from users of the Site. By accessing the Site and any of its materials or links, you acknowledge and agree to be bound by all of the following terms and conditions pertaining to the Site. If you do not agree to all of the terms and conditions of the Privacy Policy, then you must not access the Site.
Information Collection and Use
While using our Site, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to, your name, email and phone number. In general, we use personal information to respond to requests you make, offer you additional information and send you marketing materials. We do not share your information with third parties.
Log Data
When visiting our Site, we may collect technical and navigational information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Site (“Log Data”).
This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Site that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.
In addition, we may use third-party services such as Google Analytics that collect, monitor and analyze this information to help improve our Site and for research and marketing purposes.
Cookies
“Cookies” are files with a small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer’s hard drive.
Like many sites, we use cookies to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Site.
Security
The security of your personal information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Electronic communications can be intercepted by third parties and, accordingly, electronic mail and other transmissions to, from, or via this Site may not be secure. Communications to us, primarily those containing confidential or personal information, should be sent by mail to Becker Capital Management, Inc, 1211 SW 5th Avenue, Suite 2185 Portland, OR 97204 or over the phone by calling us at 503-223-1720.
Third-Party Websites
Our Site may contain hyperlinks of websites operated by third parties. We do not monitor these websites and do not imply an endorsement of the products or services provided by these third parties. Your use of any third-party website is at your own risk and we disclaim any responsibility for their privacy policy and use of personal information. You should review the privacy policy of any third-party website you access via our Site.
Regarding Minors
Our Site is not designed for minors under the age of 18. We do not intentionally gather personal information from minors who visit our Site. Minors should receive permission from their parent or legal guardian before providing any personal information on the Site.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of 6/30/2019 and will remain in effect until further notice. Becker Capital reserves the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of the Privacy Policy at any time without providing any notice. Any such changes shall be effective immediately. By continuing to use this Site after any modifications to the Privacy Policy have been made, you are acknowledging the changes and implying your consent to abide and be bound by them. Your access and continued use of the Site is at your own initiative. Accordingly, we suggest that you review the Privacy Policy periodically for amendments.
Disclosures
Becker Capital Management, Inc. is an SEC registered investment adviser located in Portland, OR and Seattle, WA. Becker Capital may only transact business in states in which it is registered or qualifies for an exemption or exclusion from registration. Our Site is only meant to provide general information about the company and its services and is not a solicitation to effect or attempt to effect transactions in securities or the rendering of personalized investment advice for compensation.
Any direct communication by us with a prospect will only be conducted by a representative that is either registered or exempt from registration in the prospect’s state of residence.
All of our investment offerings involve risk and there can be no guarantee that our investment, risk management and other objectives will be achieved. Past performance is not indicative of future results.
All information presented on this Site is meant for information purposes only and does not constitute any kind of recommendation or personalized advice. Any decisions based upon information contained within this Site and any adverse consequences that may result are your sole responsibility and are at your own risk. Becker Capital employees may not be held liable resulting from decisions based upon information contained within this Site.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at 503-223-1720.