http://www.intercotire.com/privacy_policy
Skip to main content
800-299-8000
M-F 8AM-5PM CST
Contact Us
Login
Empty
$0.00
Tires
Specialty Light Truck & Off-Road
Super Swamper­­®, Bogger®, TrXus®, M16®, ETC.
ATV & UTV
Vampire®, Black Mamba®, Radial Reptile®, Etc
Trailer & Utility
Trailer Trac®, Manchester®, Etc.
Agricultural & Industrial
Vortrac® R1, Vortrac® R4, Vortrac® E3-L3, Etc.
Drag, Race, & Motocross
M&H Racemaster Drag/Race, Motocross, Etc.
Light Truck Competition
STICKY / Competition Compound Tires
Stay
Wheels
Light Truck, Jeep & SUV
Birddog®, Swamper®, Etc.
ATV/UTV
Swamper®
Stay
Merchandise
Tread Threads™
Authentic Interco® Lifted Lifestyle Apparel
Jewelry
Interco Tire Inspired Rings and Things
Cool Stuff
R/C Trucks, Toys & Such
Gear
Frosty Beverage Holders, Keychains, Etc.
Decals & Branding
Super Swamper, Bogger, M&H, Etc.
Deals & Specials
Factory Over-runs, Cool Stuff, Etc.
Blems
Discounted Cosmetically Blemished Tires
Stay
Dealer Locator
North American Dealer
International Interco Dealers
M&H Racemaster Exclusive North American Distributors
Stay
Privacy Policy
Interco Tire Corporation Privacy Policy
Interco Tire Corporation (“Interco”, “we” or “us”) is committed to protecting your privacy. This privacy policy tells you about our online collection and use of data. We feel it is important that you fully understand the terms and conditions under which we use the information we gather from you through the use of our web sites located at, or linked to, the following URLs www.intercotire.com and www.mhracemaster.com, as well as our social media pages with services such as, but not limited to, Facebook, Instagram, YouTube, Twitter and Google+ (Sites”). Please read this privacy policy (“Policy”) carefully to understand how we will use and protect your personal information. We will not share your personal information with anyone except as described in this policy.
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE ACCESSING OR USING THE SITE.  YOUR USE OF OR ACCESS TO, OR LICENSE OF INFORMATION, MATERIALS, PROGRAMMING, PRODUCTS, OR ANYTHING ELSE OF USE OR VALUE ON THE SITE CONSTITUTES AGREEMENT TO ABIDE BY THE TERMS OF USE THEN IN EFFECT. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS OF USE, DO NOT USE OR ACCESS THE SITE.
By using this site, you understand and agree to the terms of this policy. The Sites are owned by Interco Tire Corporation and may be accessed in the United States and abroad. For data protection purposes, Interco Tire Corporation is the controller and, unless otherwise noted, is also the processor of data. Information collected may be stored, processed, accessed, and used in jurisdictions whose privacy laws may be different and less protective than those of your home jurisdiction.
1. What information does Interco Tire Corporation collect from or about you?
When you visit the Sites, certain kinds of information, such as your IP address, browser type and language, and access times, may be collected automatically as part of the operation of the Sites. We also may collect navigational information, including information about the pages you view, the links you click, and other actions taken in connection with the site. We may combine your visit and navigational information with personal information that you provide. You may always choose not to provide personal information, but if you so choose, certain products and services may not be available to you. Personal information (e.g., your first name, nickname, email, password and Country location) is collected when you register. Additional personal information (e.g., your credit card number and billing address) is collected to process transactions or to provide you with products and services (collectively “Personally Identifiable Information”).  We also collect and retain the right of us of all information emailed to us, and uploaded ( “posted”) to our Sites such as emails, quotes, comments, digital images or video which are to be considered as direct endorsements be positive or negative in nature.
2. Where do we collect information from you and how do we use it?
Our primary goal in collecting personal information is to provide our visitors with a superior customized online experience. Among other things, we use customer contact information to fill orders, contact prior purchasers to inform them of their order status, to send promotional emails, to operate and improve our Sites, to provide customer service, to perform research and analysis aimed at improving our products, services and technologies, and to display content that is customized to your interests and preferences.
We also use your personal information to communicate with you. We may send transaction-related communications such as welcome letters, billing reminders, and purchase confirmations. We may also send you surveys or marketing communications to inform you of new products or services or other information that may be of interest. If you do not wish to receive marketing communications, you may follow the “unsubscribe” instructions included within each email communication. Please keep in mind that, if you choose not to receive marketing communications, you will continue to receive transactional or account communications (e.g., confirmation emails and account balance statements).  We also collect and retain the right of us of all information emailed to us, and uploaded ( “posted”) to our Sites such as emails, quotes, comments, digital images or video which are to be considered as direct endorsements be positive or negative in nature.  Digital materials and information collected becomes the property of Interco and we reserve the right to use it as we see fit in our marketing efforts as well as in the collection of information to aid us in bettering our products and/or services.  We will make every effort to give credit to the owner of the materials collected and subsequently used in accordance to this policy.
We will use the information to respond to your inquiry and may share it internally to improve our service to you.  We may use the information for various business purposes, including, but not limited to, sharing consumer testimonials about our products with our Interco dealers and other retailers. However, your information will not be sold to third parties. In addition, when we do use your information, we will not disclose all of your personally identifiable information collected, but instead we will just use your comment or question, your geographic location, and perhaps your name in whole or in part.
In addition, we may perform statistical analyses of aggregate customer behavior. This allows us to measure relative customer interest in the various areas of each of our Sites for product development purposes and to improve the design of our Sites. Any information we collect is used for our own internal purposes to improve the content and navigation of our Sites, to enhance users' experiences when visiting our Sites, to customize the content and/or layout of our pages, and to provide the services required by an individual user. We may also use information to notify consumers about updates to our Sites, to complete user initiated transactions, to trace false orders and to contact consumers directly, or through our third-party service partners, for marketing purposes.
Personal information collected by Interco Tire Corporation may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which Interco Tire Corporation or its affiliates, subsidiaries or agents maintain facilities, and by using our sites or services, you consent to any such transfer of information outside of your country. Interco Tire Corporation abides by the safe harbor framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of data from the European Union.  If you would like to exercise any of your data protection rights, including the right to have your personal information deleted, please contact us using the “Contact Information” below.
3. With whom do we share you information?
Except as otherwise stated in this Policy, we do not sell, trade or rent your Personally Identifiable Information collected on our Sites to others.
We may share your personal information to third-party service providers who perform services on our behalf. For example, we may hire other companies to handle the processing of payments, to provide data storage, to host websites, to fulfill orders and shipments, to assist in direct marketing, to conduct audits, etc. Those companies will be permitted to obtain only the personal information they need to provide the service. They are required to maintain the confidentiality of the information and are prohibited from using it for any other purpose.
Information about our customers, including personal information, may be disclosed as part of any merger, acquisition, or sale of the company and/or its assets, as well as in the unlikely event of insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership, in which personal information would be transferred as one of the business assets of the company. We will notify you of such an occurrence as described in the “Policy Changes” section below.
We reserve the right to disclose your personal information if required to do so by law to the appropriate governmental authorities, or in the good-faith belief that such action is reasonably necessary to comply with legal process, respond to claims, or protect the rights, property or safety of our company, employees, customers, or the public. We will disclose your personal information upon receipt of a court order or subpoena or to cooperate with a law enforcement investigation. We fully cooperate with law enforcement agencies in identifying those who use our services for illegal activities. We reserve the right to report to law enforcement agencies any activities that we in good faith believe to be unlawful.
4. How can you update or correct your personally identifiable information?
As part of the California Online Privacy Protection Act, all users of our site may make any changes to their information at any time.  If you would like to review or revise information that you previously provided to us when placing an order or registering for one of our services.   You may access your information in the “My Account” section of the Sites.  A customer service representative can also assist you in making any changes, as well as in exercising your right to have your personal information corrected or deleted. If you need additional assistance, please contact us at the address listed below. You can expect a response from us within five (5) business days. Please be advised that you cannot change your username as associated with any service that you have registered with, without re-registering.  Please note, that because we keep track of past purchases, you cannot delete information associated with past purchases. Note that we may retain changed or deleted information for archival or other purposes.
5. What security precautions are in place to protect against the loss, misuse or alternation of your information?
The security of your personal information is of utmost important to us. You should be aware that there is always some risk involved in transmitting information over the Internet. We follow generally accepted industry standards to help protect your personal information. We employ reasonable security measures to protect the security of the information you submit to us. For instance, when you enter sensitive information (such as a credit card number) on our registration or order forms, we encrypt that information using secure socket layer (SSL) technology. Our secure servers protect this information using password protection and advanced encryption, and we may use firewall technology for additional protection. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
If a password is used to protect your account and personal information, it is your responsibility to keep your password confidential.
6. Forums, Social Media Pages & Other Interactive Services
Our Sites may include discussion forums or other interactive areas or services, including blogs, chat rooms, bulletin boards, message boards, online hosting or storage services, connections or shared pages with our social media pages or other areas or services in which you or third parties create, post or store any content, messages, comments, materials or other items on the sites (“Interactive Areas”). If you use an Interactive Area, you should be aware that these areas are open to the public and any personal information you post or provide at registration may be viewable by others. We are not responsible for personal information you submit in connection with the Interactive Areas, nor are we responsible for how others might use that information, including sending you unsolicited messages. Submissions to Interco Tire Corporation Interactive Areas do not represent the views of Superlift Suspension, or any individual associated with Superlift Suspension, and we do not control this content. In no event shall you represent or suggest, directly or indirectly, Superlift Suspension’s endorsement of user submissions in the Interactive Areas. Interco Tire Corporation does not vouch for the accuracy or credibility of any content submitted by users in the Interactive Areas, and does not take any responsibility or assume any liability for any actions you may take as a result of reading user published content in the Interactive Areas. Through your use of the Interactive Areas, you may be exposed to content that you may find offensive, objectionable, harmful, inaccurate or deceptive. There may also be risks of dealing with underage persons, people acting under false pretense, international trade issues and foreign nationals. By using the Interactive Areas, you assume all associated risks
Interactive Area postings may be retained indefinitely. If at any time you would like to remove a posting, please contact us at the address below. Keep in mind that removal of a posting from an Interactive Area does not mean that the posting will be deleted from our systems.
Our Sites may permit the submission of photos, videos, visual images and other similar content. By submitting your material, you hereby grant to Interco Tire Corporation non-exclusive, perpetual, worldwide license to edit, telecast, rerun, reproduce, use, create derivative works from, syndicate, license, print, sublicense, distribute and otherwise exhibit the materials you submit, or any portion thereof in any manner and in any medium or forum, whether now known or hereafter devised, without payment to you or any third party.
Your submissions are deemed non-confidential and Interco Tire Corporation has no obligation to maintain the confidentiality of any information, in whatever form, contained in any submission.
You represent and warrant to Interco Tire Corporation that you have the full legal right, power and authority to grant to Interco Tire Corporation the license provided for herein, that you own or control the complete exhibition and other rights to the materials you submitted for the purposes contemplated in this license and that neither the materials nor the exercise of the rights granted herein shall infringe upon or violate the right of privacy or right of publicity of, or constitute a libel or slander against, or violate any common law or any other right of, any person or entity.
Users are solely responsible for anything contained in their submissions, message board and/or chat sessions. Interco Tire Corporation does not verify, endorse or otherwise vouch for the contents of any submission, message board or chat room. Users may be held legally liable for the contents of their submissions, message board and chat sessions, and may be held legally liable if their submissions or chat sessions include, for example, material protected by copyright, trademark, patent or trade secret law or other proprietary right without permission of the author or owner, or defamatory comments.
7. Cookies/Clear GIFs
Cookies: Like many other commercial Sites, our Sites utilize standard technologies called “cookies” and clear GIFs to collect information about how each of our Sites are used. A cookie is a small data text file, which a website stores on your computer's hard drive (if your web browser permits) that can later be retrieved to identify you to us. Cookies were designed to help a website recognize a user's browser as a previous visitor and thus save and remember any preferences that may have been set while the user was browsing the site. A cookie cannot be read by a website other than the one that set the cookie. Cookies can securely store a customer's password, personalize home pages, identify which parts of a site have been visited or keep track of selections, such as those selected in a “shopping cart.” For instance, cookies allow us to pre-populate (or fill in) an email field with your email address if you revisit one of our Sites and place an order. A cookie cannot retrieve any other data from your hard drive, pass on a computer virus, or capture your email address.
We send a cookie to your hard drive when you make an order to record the product name, category of product that you ordered, the amount paid, the order number and any referral codes. No Personally Identifiable Information is recorded. When you click through to our Sites from a promotional email, our third-party advertising service partner may send a cookie to your hard drive recording your IP address and other related information.
Clear GIFs: At times, we may work with third-party service partners that employ clear GIFs (also known as pixel tags, single pixel GIFs, web beacons or action tags) for our benefit to help us measure advertising effectiveness. Clear GIFs help us better manage content on our Sites by informing us of what content is effective. Clear GIFs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to track the online movements of our users. The main difference between the two is that clear GIFs are invisible on the page and are much smaller, about the size of the period at the end of this sentence. Clear GIFs are not tied to your Personally Identifiable Information. These third-party service partners may use clear GIFs: (i) in HTML based emails to let us know which emails have been opened by recipients; (ii) to record when products have been ordered from our Sites; and (iii) to track the visitor traffic on our Sites. These clear GIFs allow us to measure the usage of each of our Sites by our visitors and the effectiveness of certain communications and marketing campaigns. We may also use clear GIFs in a similar manner in our own emails and on our Sites.
Clear GIFs can “work with” existing cookies on a computer if they are both from the same website or advertising company. That means, for example, that if a person visited "www.companyX.com", which uses an advertising company's clear GIF, the website would match the clear GIFs identifier and the advertising company's cookie ID number, to show the past online behavior for that computer. This collected information can be shared with the advertising company. We do, at times, provide such information to our third-party advertising service partners, but that information can only be used by our partner for our benefit.
8. Childern, Parental Consent and Privacy.
The Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”) took effect on April 21, 2000, and imposes certain requirements on Sites directed toward children under 13 that collect information on those children, or on Sites that know they are collecting Personal Information from children under the age of 13. We want to let you know that it currently is our policy not to collect Personal Information from any person under 13, however we recognize that with proper adult supervision some parents might permit their children to visit the Sites and use the Interactive Services. COPPA requires we obtain the consent of parents and guardians in order for children under 13 years of age to use certain features of the Sites. When your child attempts to register and/or provide Personally Identifiable Information to the Sites, we require a parent or guardian to:
Complete the registration;
Review our privacy policy and submit a valid credit card number to verify that the child’s parent or guardian knows about and authorizes our information practices related to children protected by COPPA; and verify through the use of an email confirmation and second authorization that the parent or guardian consents to the terms of service and this privacy policy.
Once parental notice and consent has been verified, the information we collect will be treated the same as information collected from any other user of the Sites. Without verified parental notice and consent, we will not knowingly collect personal information relating to children under 13 years of age, and if we learn that we have inadvertently collected such information, we shall attempt to notify such child's parent or guardian and erase such information from our records, unless the child's parent or guardian consents to our maintaining such information.
In compliance with COPPA, a parent or legal guardian may request from us to review, delete or stop the collection of Personally Identifiable Information relating to their child or any child in their legal custody who is under 13 years of age. You may do so in one of two ways.
If you know the user name and password, follow the instructions in Section 4 of this privacy policy regarding updating or correcting personally identifiable information, or you may contact us by letter using the address information provided at the bottom of this page.
If you request that no further information about your child be collected or used, we will be required to terminate your child's ability to use any part of the Sites or Interactive Services that requires a user to “sign in.”
9. You should carefully review privacy policies of any third-party site accessible from any of our sites and any co-branded sites not covered by this policy.
We may link to websites, including those of our subsidiaries and third-party content providers that have different privacy policies and practices from those disclosed here. We assume no responsibility for the policies or practices of such linked sites, and encourage you to become acquainted with them prior to use. These other sites may send their own cookies or clear GIFs to users, collect data or solicit Personally Identifiable Information. Additionally, other companies which place advertising on our site may collect information about you when you view or click on their advertising through the use of cookies or clear GIFs. We cannot control this collection of information. You should contact these advertisers directly if you have any questions about their use of the information that they collect.
10. Transfer of Data
The Internet is a global environment. Using the Internet to collect and process personal date necessarily involves the transmission of data on an international basis. When you provide Interco Tire Corporation with Personally Identifiable Information through the Sites, the information will be stored on serves located in the United States and possibly other countries. Therefore, by accessing and using the Sites and communicating electronically with us, you acknowledge and agree that your Personally Identifiable Information may be used, stored and processed in the United States and other countries whose laws may not offer a level of protection of personal information equivalent to those applied in other areas like the European Union.
9. Policy Changes
This Policy was last modified on Feb 20, 2020. We reserve the right to change the terms of this privacy policy at any time. If we make changes to any terms or conditions of the Policy, the changes will be posted on this portion of the Sites so that you will always know what information we gather, how we might use that information, to whom we will disclose it and what choices you have. Any change, modification, addition or removal of portions of this Policy will be announced on our Sites at least ten (10) days before it is implemented. Please be sure to check this page before proceeding to use our Sites. Questions regarding this Policy should be directed to the following address:
Interco Tire Corporation
2412 Abbeville Highway
Rayne, Louisiana 70578
Office: 337-334-3814 or 800-299-8000
Company
About Interco Tire
Technical Help & Calculators
Merchandise/Store
Calendar Of Events
Privacy Policy
Contact
Dealer Inquiry
News & Updates
Warranty Information
Where To Buy
Interco Brand Ambassadors
Products
ATV Wheels
ATV/UTV Tires
Agricultural & Industrial Tires
Light Truck Tires
M&H Drag, Race & Motocross Tires
Trailer & Utility Tires
Truck Wheels
The Blem List
The names Swamper, Super Swamper TSL, Thornbird, SSR, Bogger, TrXuS, Radial Reptile, Vampire, Birddog, M16, Sniper and Cobalt are Trademarks of Interco Tire Corporation. In addition, all of the designs have U.S. and/or Foreign Design and/or Utility. Patents & Trademarks: 261257, 261576, 345950, 61104, 1124281, 1102636, 1206827, 186131, 308038, 618958681, 345950, 1147503, 412143, D589,530. April 2016, Interco Tire Corporation.
DISCLAIMER: Every effort has been made to verify the accuracy of the listed specifications. Interco Tire Corporation cannot be held responsible for any discrepancies and as such this information should be considered as approximate.  As much as we would like to help, we cannot and will not give advice on fitting our tires to any particular vehicle.  Ride height changes due to age and use does not allow for steadfast rules.  Your local retailer may be able to help by inspecting your vehicle first hand.  Tread and side wall patterns may vary by tire size.
Please Note: Super Swamper, Three Stage Lug® (TSL) Technology, Bogger, IROK, TrXus, Cobalt, SSR, LTB, Sticky, VorTrac, Thornbird, SX, SXII, Trailer Trac, SS-M16, IROK ND, Vampire, Vampire II, ASX, EDL, Swamp Lite, Radial Reptile, LI-EF, Black Mamba, InterForce, AquaTorque,V45, Sniper, Hawkeye, Swamper, Hurricane, Cat-5, side-lugs, and Tread Threadz are patented, trademarked and /or copyrighted terms, logos or designs of Interco Tire Corporation, including tread patterns, and may not be used for any reason without the express written consent of Interco tire Corporation.
2020
Interco Tire
Main menu
TiresSpecialty Light Truck & Off-RoadATV & UTVTrailer & UtilityAgricultural & IndustrialDrag, Race, & MotocrossWheelsLight Truck, Jeep & SUVATV/UTVDealer LocatorNorth American DealerInternational Interco DealersM&H Racemaster Exclusive North American DistributorsMerchandiseM & H Racemaster Tires