http://www.nrlfcu.org/privacy-policy/
Deposit
Deposit
Open an Account
Checking
VISA® DEBIT Chip Card
Savings
IRAs
Certificates
eSERVICES
Calculators
Deposit Rates
Fees
Forms
Loans
Apply for a Loan
Vehicle Loans
Vehicle Loans
NRLFCU Car Buying Service
Personal Loans
Credit Cards
Mortgages
Personalized Quote
Fixed Rate Mortgages
First Time Homebuyer
Jumbo Loans
Mortgage Application Notices
Home Buying Resources
Home Rebate Program / CU Realty
Mortgage Rates
Forms
Home Equity
Calculators
Consumer Rates
Forms
Safe Act
Rates
Deposit Rates
Consumer Rates
Mortgage Rates
Investments & Insurance
Investment and Retirement
Insurance
Info
Information
Planning to Travel?
News
Events
About NRLFCU
Careers
Advantages of Membership
Board of Directors
Volunteer
Application
Supervisory (Audit) Committee
Member Benefits
Loyalty Rewards
FAQ’s
Fees
How to Become a SEG
Locations & Hours
Contact Us
Home Buying Resources
Calculators
Rates
Fraud Prevention
Forms
Apply
Become a Member
Accounts
Credit Cards
Consumer Loans
Mortgages
Appointments
What does NRL Federal Credit Union do with your personal information?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
Social Security number and income
Account balances and payment history
Credit history and credit scores
When you are no longer our member, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
How?
All financial companies need to share members’ personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their members’ personal information; the reasons NRL Federal Credit Union chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information:
Does NRL Federal Credit Union share?
Can you limit this sharing?
For our everyday business purposes—such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus.
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes—to offer our products and services to you.
Yes
Yes
For joint marketing with other financial companies
Yes
Yes
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes—information about your transactions and experiences.
No
We don't share
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes—information about your creditworthiness.
No
We don't share
For our affiliates to market to you
No
We don't share
For nonaffiliates to market to you
No
We don't share
What We Do
How does NRL Federal Credit Union protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.
How does NRL Federal Credit Union collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you
Open a new account or use your debit or ATM card
Apply for a loan or make a wire transfer
Show your driver’s license or conduct any transaction
Why can’t I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only:
sharing for affiliates’ everyday business purposes—information about your creditworthiness.
affiliates from using your information to market to you.
sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing.
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership and control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
NRLFCU has no affiliates.
Nonaffiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
NRLFCU does not share information with nonaffiliates.
Joint Marketing
A formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
NRLFCU does participate in joint marketing.
Contact Us
We believe it is very important that your level of trust in NRLFCU remains high. Without your confidence, we would not be able to adhere to the credit union philosophy of People Helping People or our mission to be Driven to Discover!
We will continue to provide you with the best possible service in terms of technology and personalized attention.
You may opt out of information sharing by contacting us at 800-526-6661 and asking the representative to remove your name from our marketing lists.
If you have questions concerning the privacy of your personal information or if you need to correct information we have on file, please contact NRL Federal Credit Union at 800-526-6661 or write to us at: 5440 Cherokee Ave, Suite 200, Alexandria, VA 22312-2321