http://www.bayimprint.com/privacy-policy.php
Privacy Policy - Bay Imprint Since 1981
Bay Imprint remains open to serve our customers. We continue operations as an essential business supporting a number of industries providing essential products and services. We are accessible via phone and email only at this time.
Receive news & specials
Need help? Call us: 800-750-9301
Cart
Call
Toggle navigation
Menu
Custom Products
Custom Crab Mallets
Custom Crab Knives
Custom Oyster Knives
Custom Cocktail Muddlers
Custom Masks
Blank Masks
Custom T-Shirt Printing and Uniforms
Custom Embroidery and Monogramming
Embroidered Patches
Lapel Pins
Dash Plaques
Banners and Signs
Decals and Stickers
Trophies and Plaques
Graphic Design and Illustration
Promotional Items
Contact
About
Our Experience
Our Clients
Employment
Cart
Shop
Bay Imprint on Facebook
Bay Imprint on Instagram
privacy policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Bay Imprint collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of the bayimprint.com website ("Site"). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Bay Imprint.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, place an order, subscribe to the newsletter, respond to a survey, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
Bay Imprint collects and uses Users personal information for the following purposes:
To personalize user experience
We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
To improve our Site
We continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
To improve customer service
Your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
To process transactions
We may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
To administer a content, promotion, survey or other Site feature
To send Users information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them.
To send periodic emails
The email address Users provide for order processing, will only be used to send them information and updates pertaining to their order. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and its Users happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others under any circumstances.
Changes to this privacy policy
Bay Imprint has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications. By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
Online contact form
Bay Imprint
820 Dover Road
Easton, MD 21601
Toll Free: 800-750-9301
This document was last updated on May 22, 2012
Bay Imprint on Facebook
Bay Imprint on Instagram
Bay Imprint on Twitter
Copyright 
Bay Imprint  All Rights Reserved800.750.9301  820 Dover Rd, Easton, MD 21601  Contact  Privacy Policy  Shop Policies
Please enable JavaScript in your browser. Some features of our site will be disabled when JavaScript is turned off.