http://www.loansdoneright.com/privacy-policy/
Main Menu
Today’s Rates
Purchase Assistant
Refinance Advisor
Home Search
Apply Now
Additional Links
Quick Advice
Loan Options
Calculator
About Us
Local Resources
Recommended Professionals
You are here: Home / Privacy Policy
We collect nonpublic personal information about you from the following sources:
Information we receive from you on applications or other forms;
Information about your transactions with us, our affiliates, or others; and
Information we receive from a consumer reporting agency.
We do not disclose any nonpublic personal information about our customers or former customers to anyone, except as permitted by law.
We may share all the information that we collect, as described above, with our affiliates. By sharing this information, we can better serve your financial needs. If you do not wish for us to share this information with our affiliates you may contact us.
We may disclose the following information to companies that perform marketing services on our behalf or to other financial institutions with whom we have joint marketing agreements:
Information we receive from you on applications or other forms, such as your name, address, social security number, assets, and income;
Information about your transactions with us, our affiliates, or others, such as your account balance, payment history, and parties to transactions;
Information we receive from a consumer reporting agency, such as your creditworthiness and credit history.
We restrict access to nonpublic personal information about you to those employees who need to know that information to provide products or services to you. We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations in order to guard your nonpublic personal information.
How Can We Help?
Featured Property
Licensing
Brent Wilson | Mortgage Strategist I Certified Financial Planner
MLO-297693 NMLS# 297693 CA DRE Lic.#01102706
Site Links
About
Glossary
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Contact
35 Iron Point Circle
Folsom, CA 95630
(916) 765-0009
Connect & Share
Location
Finance of America Mortgage LLC is licensed nationwide | NMLS ID # 1071 (www.nmlsconsumeraccess.org) | AZ Mortgage Banker License #0910184 | Licensed by the Department of Business Oversight under the California Residential Mortgage Lending Act | Georgia Residential Mortgage Licensee | Illinois Residential Mortgage Licensee |
Kansas Licensed Mortgage Company | Licensed by the N.J. Department of Banking and Insurance Licensed Mortgage Banker -- NYS Banking Department |
Rhode Island Licensed Lender