http://www.itmgroup.pl/privacy
Home
Privacy
Privacy Policy of ITM
Introduction
We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website users and our customers and customer personnel; in this policy we explain how we will handle your personal data. This policy applies to the ITM websites https://itmgroup.eu, and https://career.itmgroup.eu and https://imatec.lu.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our website?
When visiting our website we may collect information about your location, preference in language and other information to improve our website, in order to better serve you. When register on our website, subscribe to a newsletter, fill out a form or enter information on our site ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address or other details to help you with your experience.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you in the following ways:• To improve our website in order to better serve you.• To send periodic emails regarding your request or other products and services.• To follow up with you after correspondence (email or phone inquiries).
How do we protect your information?
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
We implement a variety of security measures when a user enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.
Third-party disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information unless we provide users with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or serving our users, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release information when release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property or safety.
However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party websites
Our websites includes hyperlinks to, and details of, third party websites. We have no control over, and are not responsible for, the privacy policies and practices of third parties.
Do we use 'cookies'?
Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. In “third-party cookie”, the word “party” refers to the domain as specified in the cookie; the website that is placing the cookie. So, for example, if you visit widgets.com and the domain of the cookie placed on your computer is widgets.com, then this is a first-party cookie. If, however, you visit widgets.com and the cookie placed on your computer says stats-for-free.com, then this is a third-party cookie.
For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the language you prefer on our website. Cookies are used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We use cookies to:
• Understand and save user's preferences for future visits.• Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since every browser is a little different, look at your browser's Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If users disable cookies in their browser:
If you turn cookies off it will turn off some of the features of the site. For example, if cookies are turned off, our website will not remember your preference in language and you will not be able to use the social media share buttons.
Google
We use Google Analytics cookies and cookies of third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions as they relate to our website.
Opting out:Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you, using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative Opt Out page or by using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.
Retaining and deleting personal data
Personal data that we process for any purpose or purposes shall not be kept for longer than is necessary for that purpose or those purposes.We will retain your personal data for the following periods, at the end of which periods it will be deleted or anonymised:• usage data will be retained for a period of 30 months following the date of collection;• newsletter data will be retained for so long as the relevant person remains opted-in to notifications; and• we may retain your personal data where such retention is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
Amendments
• We may update this policy from time to time by publishing a new version on our website.• We may notify you of significant changes to this policy by email.
Collecting email addressesWe only collect email addresses you provide to us by entering your email address in a form on our website. When filling out a form on our website, you can give consent to let us store the data you provided to us. We will only store the provided data, if consent is given.
We collect your email address in order to:
Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.
To send emails to our clients after the original transaction has occurred.
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you follow the instructions at the bottom of each email, and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.
Contacting us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.ITMConstructieweg 45Kampen, Overijssel 8063 BCThe Netherlandsmarketing@itmgroup.eu
Last Edited on 2018-06-07
Contact ITM
Support | Information | Sales
This is who we are
We use cookies
This website uses functional and analytical cookies to provide you with an optimal visitor experience. This enables us to record and analyze the behavior of visitors and thereby improve our website. By clicking on the agreement below you give us consent to do so.
Read more about our privacy policy.
Accept
Close