http://www.thaiunion.com/en/terms-of-use
INTRODUCTION
These terms and conditions govern your use of this website; by using this website, you accept these terms and conditions in full.
If you disagree with these terms and conditions or any part of these terms and conditions, you must not use this website.
This website uses cookies. By using this website and agreeing to these terms and conditions, you consent to our Thai Union’s use of cookies in accordance with the terms of Thai Union’s privacy policy.
LICENSE TO USE WEBSITE
Unless otherwise stated, Thai Union and/or its licensors own the intellectual property rights in the website and material on the website. Subject to the license below, all these intellectual property rights are reserved.
You may view, download for caching purposes only, and print pages from the website for your own personal use, subject to the restrictions set out below and elsewhere in these terms and conditions.
YOU MUST NOT:
Republish material from this website (including republication on another website);
Sell, rent or sub-license material from the website;
Show any material from the website in public;
Reproduce, duplicate, copy or otherwise exploit material on this website for a commercial purpose;
Edit or otherwise modify any material on the website; or
Redistribute material from this website, except for content specifically and expressly made available for redistribution.
ACCEPTABLE USE
You must not use this website in any way that causes, or may cause, damage to the website or impairment of the availability or accessibility of the website; or in any way which is unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful, or in connection with any unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful purpose or activity.
You must not use this website to copy, store, host, transmit, send, use, publish or distribute any material which consists of (or is linked to) any spyware, computer virus, Trojan horse, worm, keystroke logger, rootkit or other malicious computer software.
You must not conduct any systematic or automated data collection activities (including without limitation scraping, data mining, data extraction and data harvesting) on or in relation to this website without Thai Union’s express written consent.
You must not use this website to transmit or send unsolicited commercial communications. You must not use this website for any purposes related to marketing without Thai Union’s express written consent.
RESTRICTED ACCESS
Access to certain areas of this website is restricted. Thai Union reserves the right to restrict access to other areas of this website, or indeed this entire website, at Thai Union’s discretion.
If Thai Union provides you with a user ID and password to enable you to access restricted areas of this website or other content or services, you must ensure that the user ID and password are kept confidential. Thai Union may disable your user ID and password in Thai Union’s sole discretion without notice or explanation.
USER CONTENT
In these terms and conditions, “your user content” means material (including without limitation text, images, audio material, video material and audio-visual material) that you submit to this website, for whatever purpose.
You grant to Thai Union a worldwide, irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use, reproduce, adapt, publish, translate and distribute your user content in any existing or future media. You also grant to Thai Union the right to sub-license these rights, and the right to bring an action for infringement of these rights.
Your user content must not be illegal or unlawful, must not infringe any third party’s legal rights, and must not be capable of giving rise to legal action whether against you or Thai Union or a third party (in each case under any applicable law).
You must not submit any user content to the website that is or has ever been the subject of any threatened or actual legal proceedings or other similar complaint.
Thai Union reserves the right to edit or remove any material submitted to this website, or stored on Thai Union’s servers, or hosted or published upon this website.
Notwithstanding Thai Union’s rights under these terms and conditions in relation to user content, Thai Union does not undertake to monitor the submission of such content to, or the publication of such content on, this website.
NO WARRANTIES
This website is provided “as is” without any representations or warranties, express or implied. Thai Union makes no representations or warranties in relation to this website or the information and materials provided on this website.
Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing paragraph, Thai Union does not warrant that:
This website will be constantly available, or available at all; or
The information on this website is complete, true, accurate or non-misleading.
Nothing on this website constitutes, or is meant to constitute, advice of any kind. If you require advice in relation to any legal, financial or medical matter you should consult an appropriate professional.
LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY
Thai Union will not be liable to you whether under the law of contact, the law of torts or otherwise in relation to the contents of, or use of, or otherwise in connection with, this website:
To the extent that the website is provided free-of-charge, for any direct loss;
For any indirect, special or consequential loss; or
For any business losses, loss of revenue, income, profits or anticipated savings, loss of contracts or business relationships, loss of reputation or goodwill, or loss or corruption of information or data.
You must retain the “Credit” section in this document. If you wish to use the document without the “Credit” section (e.g. to project a more professional image) then you can get a license to do so here: http://www.thaiunion.com/precedents/thaiunion-license-privacy-statement.html
It is an infringement of our copyright to use the document without the “Credit” section and without paying the license fee.