http://www.pdu.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy / Conditions of Use
Home
Privacy Policy & Conditions of Use
Questions?
You may contact us about this privacy statement by phone or by mail:
PDU CAT, Inc.
7920 Stage Hills Blvd.
Memphis, TN 38133
Phone: (800) 800-7711
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
We are committed to protecting your personal information and your right to privacy. If you have any questions or concerns about our policy, or our practices with regards to your personal information, please contact us.
This Privacy Policy governs the privacy policies and practices of our Website, located at pducat.com. Please read our Privacy Policy carefully as it will help you make informed decisions about sharing your personal information with us.
Information We Collect
As a Visitor, you can browse our Website to find out more about our Website. You are not required to provide us with any personal information as a Visitor.
Information Your Provide to Us
We collect your personal information when you express an interest in obtaining information about us or our products and services, when you participate in activities on our Website Site (such as submitting a business application), or otherwise contact us.
Generally, you control the amount and type of information you provide to us when using our Website. The personal information that we collect depends on the context of your interaction with us and the Website, the choices you make and the products and features you use. The personal information we collect may include, but is not limited to your name, mailing address, email address, phone number, and payment information (collectively, "Personal Information").
Automatically Collected Information
When you use our Website, we automatically collect certain computer information by the interaction of your mobile phone or web browser with our Website. Such information is typically considered non-personal information. We also collect the following:
Cookies
Our Website uses "Cookies" to identify the areas of our Website that you have visited. A Cookie is a small piece of data stored on your computer or mobile device by your web browser. We use Cookies to personalize the Content that you see on our Website. Most web browsers can be set to disable the use of Cookies. However, if you disable Cookies, you may not be able to access functionality on our Website correctly or at all. We never place Personally Identifiable Information in Cookies.
Log Information
We automatically receive information from your web browser or mobile device. This information includes the name of the website from which you entered our Website, if any, as well as the name of the website to which you're headed when you leave our website. This information also includes the IP address of your computer/proxy server that you use to access the Internet, your Internet Website provider name, web browser type, type of mobile device, and computer operating system. We use all of this information to analyze trends among our Users to help improve our Website.
Information Regarding Your Data Protection Rights Under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your personal information.
If you are from the European Economic Area (EEA), our legal basis for collecting and using your personal information, as described in this Privacy Policy, depends on the information we collect and the specific context in which we collect it. We may process your personal information because:
We need to perform a contract with you, such as when you use our services
You have given us permission to do so
The processing is in our legitimate interests and it's not overridden by your rights
For payment processing purposes
To comply with the law
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights. In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:
The right to access, update or to delete the personal information we have on you
The right of rectification
The right to object
The right of restriction
The right to data portability
The right to withdraw consent
Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.
You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority in the European Economic Area (EEA).
"Do Not Sell My Personal Information" Notice for California consumers under California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)
Under the CCPA, California consumers have the right to:
Request that a business that collects a consumer's personal data disclose the categories and specific pieces of personal data that a business has collected about consumers.
Request that a business delete any personal data about the consumer that a business has collected.
Request that a business that sells a consumer's personal data, not sell the consumer's personal data.
If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us.
Service Providers
We employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Website ("Service Providers"), to provide our Website on our behalf, to perform Website-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Website is used. These third-parties have access to your personal information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us.
Terms & Conditions of Use
By accessing this web site, you are agreeing to be bound by these web site Terms and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this web site are protected by applicable copyright and trade mark law.
Use License
Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials information or software) on PDU CAT's web site for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:
Modify or copy the materials
Use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial)
Attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on PDU CAT's web site
Remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials
Transfer the materials to another person or "mirror" the materials on any other server
This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by PDU CAT at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.
Disclaimer
The materials on our web site are provided "as is". PDU CAT makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, PDU CAT does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its Internet web site or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
Limitations
In no event shall PDU CAT or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption,) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on our Website, even if PDU CAT or a PDU CAT authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
Revisions and Errata
The materials appearing on PDU CAT's web site could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. We do not warrant that any of the materials on our Website are accurate, complete, or current. We may make changes to the materials contained on its web site at any time without notice. We do not, however, make any commitment to update the materials.
Links
We have not reviewed all of the sites linked to our Website and are not responsible for the contents of any such linked sites. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by PDU CAT of the site. Use of any such linked web site is at the user's own risk.
Site Terms of Use Modifications
We may revise these terms of use for its web site at any time without notice. By using this web site you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.
Last Updated March 2020
Corporate Awards Catalog
Sports Awards Catalog
Award Components Catalog
Engraving Catalog
Engraving & Sublimation
Laser Engraving
Mechanical Engraving
Sublimation
Dealer Resources
About PDU CAT
Contact Us
Dealer Login
Business Application
Home Page
Laser Engraving
Mechanical Engraving
Dye Sublimation
About Us
Dealer Login
Contact Us
© PDU CAT, Inc. - All right reserved.
Privacy Policy / Conditions of Use