http://www.precision-inc.com/legal/cookie-privacy-policy/
Home
Products
Brands
Precision
Precision
A TT Electronics Brand
Explore Precision
Explore Precision Products
Click Here
Explore Precision Capabilities
We are an industry leading designer and manufacturer of custom magnetic components and assemblies for the electronics industry.  Since 1964, Precision has gained its customers trust with reliable, quality products.
Medical Device Expertise
Current Transformer
High Frequency Power
Reference Designs
TT Electronics acquires Precision Inc.
Woking, UK, 4 June 2018
TT Electronics, a global provider of engineered electronics for performance critical applications, has today announced the acquisition of Precision, an industry leading designer and manufacturer of precision electromagnetic product solutions for critical applications.
Based in Minneapolis, US, Precision has around 160 employees that support customers in medical, industrial, and aerospace and defence markets.
Precision brings new design, simulation and manufacturing capabilities to TT in electromagnetics, one of our focus areas for growth. Precision’s products are primarily sold into medical applications including pace makers, neurological implants and other in-body equipment as well as external diagnostic equipment such as dialysis machines and MRI scanners. Precision also serves industrial and aerospace and defence customers in applications including satellite power supplies and aerospace guidance systems. Precision’s capabilities include high-reliability, ultra-fine wire winding, particularly suited to components that require exceptionally high levels of precision. Precision will be integrated into the Power Electronics division.
TT will provide Precision with customer and market access in Europe and Asia, supported by a global Field Application Engineering team and distribution network. TT’s operating footprint will provide significant manufacturing and supply chain capabilities in Asia to support customers in region.
Together with Precision, TT now has a global electromagnetic product solution offering with engineering capabilities in the US, UK and Asia supported by manufacturing capabilities in each region.
Commenting on the acquisition, Richard Tyson, CEO said: “The acquisition of Precision is an excellent fit with both our business and our strategy for growth and higher margins. It has a strong position in markets where the proliferation of electronics is increasingly important and will extend our capability for power electronic solutions in the important medical, industrial and aerospace and defence markets in the US.
I am delighted to welcome Precision’s employees to TT as we continue to build differentiated capabilities and engineer smarter solutions together with our customers.”
We Do Amazing Things.
1700 Freeway Boulevard Minneapolis, MN 55430
precision@ttelectronics.com
+800-749-3677
Our Compliances
AS9100D
ISO 9001:2015
ISO 13485:2016
Call us
Get Directions
Hello. How may we help you today?
Name:
Company:
Email:
Phone:
Comments:
Brochures
Medical Industry
Ultra Fine Wire Winding
Precision's Capabilities
Simulation In Action
ResourcesView all
AS9100D
ISO 9001 : 2015
ISO 13485 : 2016
TT's Conflict Minerals Policy
Precision's Supplier Manual
Precision's Terms & Conditions
Precision's Warranty
Precision's Quality Policy
Company News
News
4 Key Features to Look for in a Miniature Coil Supplier
29 October 2018Finding a supplier that can suit all of a medical device manufacturer’s needs can be significant to reduce time to market and save costs. >>
Read more
News
Manufacturing Advanced Medical Devices
23 July 2019In this blog post, TT Electronics outlines our approach to manufacturing advanced medical devices.
Read more
10 September 2019
Taking the Complexity Out of Fluid Measurement
23 July 2019
Manufacturing Advanced Medical Devices
22 July 2019
An Introduction to 3-Axis Transmitter Coil
25 June 2019
Smart Optical Sensors Drive Medical Device Portability
Videos
Medical Industry
High Efficiency Magnetic For LLC Topology
What Drives Innovation at Precision?
Medical Cleanroom
Ultra Fine Wire Winding
Our Expertise
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Review our cookie policy for more details.
Ok