http://www.cbtks.com/security/privacy-policy/funds-availability
Site Search
Search
Funds Availability
YOUR ABILITY TO WITHDRAW FUNDS AT  COREFIRST BANK & TRUST. Our policy is to make funds from your cash and check deposits available to you on the first business day after the day we receive your deposit. However, funds from electronic  direct deposits will be available on the day we receive the deposit. Once the funds are available, you can withdraw  them in cash and/or  we will use them to pay checks that you have written. For determining the availability of your deposits, every  day  is  a  business  day,  except Saturdays, Sundays and  federal holidays. If you make a deposit  before 8 p.m. CST on a business day that we are open, we will consider that day to be the day of your deposit. However, if you make a deposit after 8 p.m. CST time or on a day we are not open, we will consider that the deposit was made on the next business day we are open.Reservation of Right to Hold. In some cases, we will not make all of the funds that you deposit by check available to you on the first business day after the day of your deposit. Depending on the type of check that you deposit, funds may not be available until the second business day after the day of your deposit. The first  $225 of your deposit, however, may be available on the first business day after the day of your deposit. If we are not going to make all of the funds from your deposit available on the first business day, we will notify you at the time you make your deposit. We will also tell you when the funds will be available. If your deposit is not made directly to one of our employees, or if we decide to take this action after you have left the premises, we will mail you the notice by the business day after we receive your deposit. If you need the funds from a deposit right away, you should ask us when the funds will be available.Longer Delays May Apply. We may delay your ability to withdraw funds deposited by check into your account an additional number of days for these reasons:You deposit checks totaling more than $5,000 on any one day.You redeposit a check that has been returned unpaid.You have overdrawn your account repeatedly in the last six months.We believe a check you deposit will not be paid.There is an emergency, such as failure of computer or communications equipment.We will notify you if we delay your ability to withdraw funds  for  any of these  reasons, and we  will tell you when the  funds  will  be available. They will generally be available no later than the seventh business day after the day of your deposit.Special Rules For New Accounts: If you are a new customer, the following special rules will apply during the first 30 days your account is open:Funds from electronic direct deposits to your account will be available on the day we receive the deposit. Funds from deposits of cash, wire transfers, and the first $5,525 of a day's total deposits of cashier's, certified, teller's, traveler 's, and federal,  state and local government  checks will be available on the first business day after the day of your deposit if the deposit meets certain conditions. For example, the checks must be payable to you. The excess over $5,525 will be available on the ninth business day after  the day  of  your  deposit.  If your  deposit  of these checks (other than a U.S. Treasury check) is not made in person to one of our employees, the first $5,525 will not be available until the second business day after the day of your deposit.Funds from deposits of checks drawn on CoreFirst Bank & Trust will be available on the first business day after the day of your deposit. Funds from all other check deposits will be available on the thirtieth business day after the day of your deposit.
Privacy Policy
Website Security
Online Security Essentials
Mobile Device Security
Online Security Essentials
Guard Your Data
Ransomware
Card Cracking
Guard Your Data
Phishing & Your Business
Common Scams
Patriot Act
Learning Center
House Purchase
Auto Purchase
Financial Wisdom
Calculators
View all articles
“Mission Possible” Campaign Exceeds Goal!
Topeka community rallies and really makes a difference to the Topeka Rescue Mission.
“Mission Possible” Campaign Launches to Benefit TRM
You can be the difference and make the MISSION POSSIBLE for those in need today and for years to come!
First Home? Renting or Buying Ask Yourself These Questions First.
Before your start looking for a home of your own, make sure you are ready financially.
View all articles
First Home? Renting or Buying Ask Yourself These Questions First.
Before your start looking for a home of your own, make sure you are ready financially.
Boost Your Credit Score
Applying for credit? Make sure you know the basics on building your credit score.
Saving For A Down Payment
Saving for a down payment to purchase a home can be tough. By following a couple simple strategies you can have the money you need and move in to the home of your dreams in no time.
View all articles
Should I Lease or Buy My Next Vehicle?
Lease or Buy? Check out this checklist before deciding how to finance your next vehicle.
Buying a Car? Read This!
Looking for a new set of wheels? Make sure you are making the right choice with a couple easy steps.
View all articles
First Home? Renting or Buying Ask Yourself These Questions First.
Before your start looking for a home of your own, make sure you are ready financially.
Make The Most Of Your Tax Refund
Forget the latest and greatest, do the RIGHT thing with your tax refund.
How To Be A Savvy Charitable Giver
Holiday spirit for some is giving to a favorite charity. make sure to follow these tips this holiday season.
Background Image: Business_Loans
Retirement
Background Image: Personal_Savings_Accounts
Investment
Background Image: Couple looking at tablet
Personal Financing