https://www.haleproducts.com/privacy-policy-cookie-restriction-mode/
Cookie Policy
This site uses and sets "cookies" on your computer to help make this website better.
We use cookies to remember log-in details and provide secure log-in, collect statistics to optimize site functionality, and deliver content tailored to your interests. Click accept to give your consent to accept cookies and go directly to the site or click on more information to see detailed descriptions of the types of cookies we store.
Click here to learn about cookie settings.
Accept
Decline
Service Partner Locator
Customer Support
Contact Customer Support
Find Product Expert
Find Service Partner (FAST)
Product Returns
Warranty
Certifications
Tech Resource Center
Hale Training Academy
My Account Log In
About Us
Press Room
Trade Shows & Events
Careers
Your Language:
Hale Products
Hale Products Chinese
Need Assistance?
+1 (800) 533-3569
My Product Request -
Items
0
(0)
You have no selected items.
All
All
SAM
Fire Pumps
Vehicle Electronics
Engine Driven Units
Foam & CAFs
Pump Flow Solutions
Parts & Accessories
My Account Log In
SAMSAM Water Control System
Learn about SAM
SAM System Self-Guided Tour
OEM & Dealer Technical Details
Fire PumpsEngine-Mounted Pumps
Split shaft
PTO
Rear mount
Two-stage
Multi-pressure
Pump ends
Gear boxes
All Pumps
Pump Resources
My Hale Pump History
Parts & Accessories
Plumbing
Manifolding
Drains
Plumbing Controls
Valves
Intake
Discharge
Gauges
All Gauges
Pump Accessories
TRV
Primer
Relief Valve
All Parts
All Parts
SAM
Learn about SAM
SAM System Self-Guided Tour
OEM & Dealer Technical Details
Vehicle ElectronicsVehicle Electronics
Governors
Tank Level Gauges
Minders
Load Managers
VDRs
ES-Key
Displays
I/O Modules
System Managers
Specialty Modules
V-MUX-
V-MUX Overview
Displays
I/O Modules
Switches/Buttons
Hardware/Connectors
Sensors
Flashers
Diagnostic Software & Firmware
Engine Driven UnitsPortable Pumps
Floats & Packs (Special Purpose)
High Pressure / Low Volume (Wild Land)
Medium Pressure / Medium Volume Attack
Low Pressure / High Volume (High Flow)
Skids & Trailers
Skids & Trailers
Foam & CAFsFoam
SmartFoam
CAFs
SmartCAFS
Accessories
EZ-Fill
Autofill
Pump Flow SolutionsPump Kits
Kits
Modules
Side Mount
Top Mount
Side Kick
Safe Buy
SAM
Learn about SAM
SAM System Self-Guided Tour
OEM & Dealer Technical Details
Parts & AccessoriesPlumbing
Manifolding
Drains
Plumbing Controls
Valves
Intake
Discharge
Gauges
All Gauges
Pump Accessories
TRV
Primer
Relief Valve
Parts
All Parts
Cookie Policy
1. This privacy policy sets out how Hale uses and protects any information that you give Hale when you use this website. Hale is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. Hale may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
Any questions or concerns relating to the use of cookies by our web sites and the processing of personal data obtained through their use may be directed to: privacy@idexcorp.com
2.            Cookies – What are they and how does this site use them?
A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user’s computer for record-keeping purposes. Godiva Ltd. uses cookies and similar technologies to collect information about the use of our web sites in order to make them function effectively, to improve our visitors’ experience when they browse our web sites, to analyze the use of our web site and to display particular relevant advertisements on our web site and on third party web sites. Godiva Ltd. uses session cookies and persistent cookies. The purpose of session cookies is to help distinguish your browsing session from those of other concurrent users and to make it easier for you to navigate our site. A session cookie expires when you close your browser. A persistent cookie remains on your computer after you close your browser. This type of cookie is typically used to preserve across browsing sessions any site-specific preferences you may have selected while using our site.
3.            How can I control my cookie preferences?
We will ask you to allow us to place cookies. You do not have to accept all of the cookies used by our web site. You can manage your cookie preferences in two ways, described below.
a) Browser settings
Each web browser comes with its own built-in interface for managing cookie preferences. This is the preferred tool for carrying out the following cookie admin tasks:
Block ALL cookies from this site
Delete existing cookies from this site
For instructions on how to use your browser’s built-in cookie management tool, refer to the instructions in the help section in your browser or visit allaboutcookies.org.
4.            What do we collect?
We use the following types of cookies on our web site
a) Necessary
These cookies are absolutely essential for the web site to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensure basic functional and security features of the web site. These cookies do not store any personal information.
b) Performance
These cookies help web site owners to understand how their visitors engage with their properties. The analytics cookies used on our site collect information and report site usage statistics without personally identifying individual visitors.
They allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our web site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated by third-party providers or immediately by us. If you block these cookies, we will not know when you have visited our web site and will not be able to remember your preferences when you make subsequent visits.
These cookies may be set through our web site by third parties, such as Google. They may be used to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant advertisements on other sites. They do not directly store your personal details but do uniquely identify your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
The cookies listed above include both first party cookies and third-party cookies.
First party cookies are those, which are stored by a domain managed by us
Third party cookies are created by domains other than from us
List of cookies we collect
The table below lists the cookies we collect and what information they store.
COOKIE nameCOOKIE Description
CART
The association with your shopping cart.
CATEGORY_INFO
Stores the category info on the page, that allows to display pages more quickly.
COMPARE
The items that you have in the Compare Products list.
CURRENCY
Your preferred currency
CUSTOMER
An encrypted version of your customer id with the store.
CUSTOMER_AUTH
An indicator if you are currently logged into the store.
CUSTOMER_INFO
An encrypted version of the customer group you belong to.
CUSTOMER_SEGMENT_IDS
Stores the Customer Segment ID
EXTERNAL_NO_CACHE
A flag, which indicates whether caching is disabled or not.
FRONTEND
You sesssion ID on the server.
GUEST-VIEW
Allows guests to edit their orders.
LAST_CATEGORY
The last category you visited.
LAST_PRODUCT
The most recent product you have viewed.
NEWMESSAGE
Indicates whether a new message has been received.
NO_CACHE
Indicates whether it is allowed to use cache.
PERSISTENT_SHOPPING_CART
A link to information about your cart and viewing history if you have asked the site.
POLL
The ID of any polls you have recently voted in.
POLLN
Information on what polls you have voted on.
RECENTLYCOMPARED
The items that you have recently compared.
STF
Information on products you have emailed to friends.
STORE
The store view or language you have selected.
USER_ALLOWED_SAVE_COOKIE
Indicates whether a customer allowed to use cookies.
VIEWED_PRODUCT_IDS
The products that you have recently viewed.
WISHLIST
An encrypted list of products added to your Wishlist.
WISHLIST_CNT
The number of items in your Wishlist.
GOOGLE ANALYTICS
Cookie NameDefault Expiration TimeDescription
__utma
2 years from set/update
Used to distinguish users and sessions. The cookie is created when the javascript library executes and no existing __utma cookies exists. The cookie is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics.
__utmb
30 mins from set/update
Used to determine new sessions/visits. The cookie is created when the javascript library executes and no existing __utmb cookies exists. The cookie is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics.
__utmc
End of browser session
Not used in ga.js. Set for interoperability with urchin.js. Historically, this cookie operated in conjunction with the __utmb cookie to determine whether the user was in a new session/visit.
__utmz
6 months from set/update
Stores the traffic source or campaign that explains how the user reached your site. The cookie is created when the javascript library executes and is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics.
__utmv
2 years from set/update
Used to store visitor-level custom variable data. This cookie is created when a developer uses the_setCustomVar method with a visitor level custom variable. This cookie was also used for the deprecated _setVar method. The cookie is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics.
x
Add to Cart
Price:
Actual Price:
Our price is lower than the manufacturer's "minimum advertised price."
As a result, we cannot show you the price in catalog or the product page.
You have no obligation to purchase the product once you know the price. You can simply remove the item from your cart.
Our price is lower than the manufacturer's "minimum advertised price."
As a result, we cannot show you the price in catalog or the product page.
You have no obligation to purchase the product once you know the price. You can simply remove the item from your cart.
Products
Pumps
Vehicle Electronics
Engine Driven Units
Foam & CAFS
Pump Kit Modules
Parts & Accessories
Customer Support
Contact Us
Find Product Expert
Find Service Partner (FAST)
Product Returns
Warranty
Tech Resource Center
About Us
Company Information
Press Room
Trade Shows & Events
Careers
Need Assistance
Need Assistance?
+1 (800) 533-3569
Find Us Online
IDEX | Akron Brass | AWG | Hale | Godiva | Weldon
Hale Products Inc.
Hale Products is committed to offering the highest level of service and performance for rescue personnel and fire truck manufacturers. Consisting of three brands - Hale, Class 1 and Godiva, Hale Products is a leader in fire suppression pumps, plumbing, valves, foam, CAFS, electronic, gauges and
ES-key multiplexing systems.
Select Store:
Akron Brass
German
Hale products
Hale Home
| General Terms & Conditions of Sale | Privacy Policy |
© 2017 Hale. All rights reserved.
607 NW 27th Ave Ocala, FL 34475     TEL: 1-800-533-3569
Hale Associations
*Email Address
*Password
Register
Forgot?
Login
Close Window
Continue shopping
Back to top