https://www.pedatarvcenter.com/privacy-policy/
If you have a condition or impairment that interferes with using this website, please CLICK HERE
America's foremost RV wholesaler now selling RVs direct to the public. | 100% GUARANTEE – We’ll meet or beat any competitor’s pricing.
Home
Inventory
RV Sales
RV Inventory
RV Search
Sold RVs
Sell My RV
Sell Your RV
Consign Your RV
Rentals
Specials
Financing
Service Center
Virtual Tour
Contact
Home
Inventory
RV Sales
RV Inventory
RV Search
Sold RVs
Sell My RV
Sell Your RV
Consign Your RV
Rentals
Specials
Financing
Service Center
Virtual Tour
Contact
RV Sales – New and Used RV Dealer Online – Pedata RV Center Privacy Policy
Specializing in Nationwide Online RV Sales
Updated: September 12th, 2015
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.
The Information We Collect:
This notice applies to ALL information collected or submitted on the Pedata RV Center website.
The Way We Use Information:
We use the information you provide about yourself to better serve you. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete the order or information request.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive and to keep you informed on Pedata RV Center’s sales and promotions. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website and to share with advertisers. For example, we may tell an advertiser that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our website, or that Y number of men and Z number of women filled out our registration form, but we would not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our Commitment To Children’s Privacy:
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please contact us at:
Pedata RV Center
4933 S. Outlet Center Dr.
Tucson, AZ 85706
Phone: 520-807-0900
Toll Free: 888-545-8314
Fax 520-807-6125
Don't Make a $10,000 Mistake Shopping Elsewhere on Your Next RVIf you let Pedata take care of your RV sale, you'll save as much as $10,000 or more. Whether you're new to RV sales or you're ready to buy and are just looking for the best used motorhome you can find, you can stop your search here. Pedata RV Center is ready to assist you. When it comes to an RV for sale, we are the experts and we want you to walk away satisfied with your purchase and your experience!
Retail Sales & Showroom / 4933 S. Outlet Center Dr. Tucson, AZ 85706
Administration, Rentals & Service / 5151 S. Julian Dr. Tucson, AZ 85706
Pedata RV works very hard to make sure all the information provided on this website is accurate; however, different products, descriptions, promotion programs and services may change at any time from those listed on this site. All advertised promotional discounted rates and payments can change without notice, and applicants must be accepted by the funding bank, which typically includes, but is not limited to, high scores, debt to income ratio, down payment and loan value. All of our prices listed on this site are subject to change without notice, and do not include tax and other applicable fees. All technical data, product information, program information, photographs and illustrations are intended to be useful information available to Pedata RV at the time of posting, and are subject to change without notice. The RVs on this site may be staged with various props for display purposes only that may not be included with the purchase.
To verify current information, call us toll free at 888-973-3282 or 520-623-6387
© 2019 Pedata Resales, INC.
RV Testimonials
About Pedata
RV News
RV Financing
RV Info
RV Insurance
RV Topics
RV FAQ
Sitemap
Privacy
Customer Login
Website Design by Hostagent.NET | Tucson SEO by Lifted Websites
HOME OF THE LIVE VIRTUAL TOUR
Be sure, be safe! Schedule your
virtual tour today.
Skip to content
Open toolbar
Accessibility Tools
Increase Text
Decrease Text
Grayscale
High Contrast
Negative Contrast
Light Background
Links Underline
Readable Font
Reset
Sitemap