http://www.dstarengineering.com/privacy.html
Mailroom@DStarEngineering.com
203.925.7630
Home
About Us
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Site Map
Piston Engine Products
Turbine Engine Products
AurAayan Aerospace
Clients
News and Events
Media
Employment
Request for Information
Privacy Policy
D-STAR Engineering respects your privacy and the purpose for which our site visitors provide us information. We do NOT share, sell, or rent any of the information collected to any third parties and do not intend to do so in the future.
Information Collected If you request or submit information to D-STAR Engineering by sending an e-mail via the "mail to:" function or filling out a "request for information" form, we may save your e-mail address as well as any other information you may provide. This information may be used to contact you in the future by mail, e-mail, or phone to convey information about D-STAR Engineering solutions or services that we feel may benefit you. Your e-mail and other information you provide will NOT be sold to any third party.
Information Collected by Others This notice addresses only the policy of D-STAR Engineering website and NOT the sites that users access via links from our site. D-STAR Engineering is NOT responsible for the information collection policies of other sites, NOR for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our website, NOR for the information or content contained therein. Often links to other websites are provided solely as pointers to information on topics that may be useful to our visitors. Users are advised to review the privacy policy of other websites.
Cookies D-STAR Engineering website does NOT use cookies.
Updating, Correcting, and Deleting Personal Information If you would like to have your personal information removed from D-STAR Engineering, please send an e-mail via the feedback form, with "Remove personal information" in the subject line. To update, change, or correct your personal information, please send an e-mail via the feedback form with the appropriate changes.
Legally Compelled Disclosure of Information D-STAR Engineering may disclose information when legally compelled to do so; in other words, when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires it or for the protection of our legal rights.
Periodic Policy Changes Please note that D-STAR Engineering reviews its privacy practices from time-to-time (i.e. to track technology and/or legal changes), and that these practices are subject to change. To ensure continuing familiarity with the most current version of our privacy policy, please bookmark and periodically review this page.
This policy statement is made in the name of D-STAR Engineering and is effective as of November 1, 2007.This statement does NOT create an agreement between D-STAR Engineering and users, and as such, does not create any legal rights for any party.
For inquiries contact:D-STAR Engineering 4 Armstrong Road, Shelton, CT 06484 472Phone: 203.925.7630Mailroom@DStarEngineering.com
D-STAR Engineering Corporation | 4 Armstrong Road, Shelton, CT 06484 4721 | Phone: 203.925.7630 | Fax: 203.925.7631| Mailroom@DStarEngineering.com