http://www.knightrifles.com/knight-rifles-privacy-statement/
Skip to content
Trophy Room
Muzzleloader Forums
Dealer Locator
Discounted NRA Membership
CONTACT US
FacebookYoutubeInstagram
Knight Privacy Statement
Updated 10/8/2019
You must read and agree with the terms of this Knight Privacy Statement agreement. If you do not agree with the terms and conditions of this agreement set forth below, do not access this web site and do not make any purchases.
Those who wish to purchase items on this web site must provide certain information. That information includes, but is not limited to, your name, your address, a contact phone number, an email address, billing information, and credit card information (your “Private Information”) to process your order which you directly submit.
Personal Information
The Private Information you provide Knight Rifles may be stored in a database which is not publicly available and will not be shared with any third parties. Knight Rifles does not sell its customer information to third parties. Under certain circumstances your Private Information may be released to law enforcement officials and as required by law or otherwise subject to court subpoena. If at any time you would like to have your Private Information removed or changed from our database, please place your request in writing and mail it to us at: Knight Rifles, 213 Dennis Street, Athens, TN 37303. If you feel that this Privacy Policy has been violated, please contact us and we will attempt to resolve the matter to your satisfaction.
Knight Rifles will take reasonable steps to secure your Private Information from access, intrusion, or theft.  However, Knight Rifles does not warrant that your Private Information will be absolutely secure and at no risk from access, intrusion, or theft by third-party computer hackers.
Cookies
The Private Information you provide Knight Rifles may be stored in cookies and will not be shared with any third parties other than our transaction processing agents selected by you, such as PayPal, Inc., and used by Knight Rifles other than for processing payment and keeping you informed of future promotions or sales.
Knight Privacy Statement
Credit Card Processing
The transactions processing agents utilized by us and selected by you, such as PayPal, Inc., process your purchases financially with the information you provide. We understand that PayPal, Inc., has implemented and will maintain the highest security systems standards for the transmission of your information over the internet, Knight Rifles and PayPal do not guarantee the security of the information, and Knight Rifles and PayPal will not be responsible in the event of any infiltration of its databases.
Disputes
Any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice and our Terms and Conditions, as set forth therein, including limitations on damages, warranties, and designated dispute resolution procedures, if any. Should you find it necessary to bring suit against Knight Rifles, you agree to bring such suit only in courts located in McMinn County, Tennessee.
We may amend this agreement from time to time by posting amended terms and conditions on this website of which you agree to be bound.
Additional Considerations for Nevada and California Residents:
Nevada Residents:
Nevada residents may submit opt-out requests here
California Residents:
California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 Compliance
Notice of Consumer Rights:  Pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, California residents have the following consumer rights as set forth in the sections below.  These rights relate to a California resident’s rights to privacy, and become effective on January 1, 2020:
Pursuant to Section 1798.110, a consumer shall have the right to request that a business that collects personal information about the consumer disclose to the consumer the information set forth below in this section, and that upon receipt of a verifiable request from the consumer, the business shall disclose such information to the consumer in the timeframes as provided by Section 1798.130.  This information includes the following information:
The categories of personal information it has collected about that consumer;
The categories of sources from which the personal information is collected;
The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling personal information;
The categories of third parties with whom the business shares personal information;
The specific pieces of personal information it has collected about that consumer;
Pursuant to Section 1798.115, a consumer shall have the right to request that a business that sells the consumer’s personal information, or that discloses it for a business purpose, disclose to the consumer the information set forth below in this section, and that upon receipt of a verifiable request from the consumer, the business shall disclose such information to the consumer in the timeframes as provided by Section 1798.130.  This information includes the following information:
The categories of personal information that the business collected about the consumer;
The categories of personal information that the business sold about the customer and the categories of third parties to whom the personal information was sold, by category or categories of personal information for each third party to whom the personal information was sold;
The categories of personal information that the business disclosed about the consumer for a business purpose.
Pursuant to Section 1798.120, a consumer shall have the right, at any time, to direct a business that sells personal information about the consumer to third parties not to sell the consumer’s personal information.  This right may be referred to the right to opt out.  California residents may submit opt-out requests here.
Pursuant to Section 1798.125, a business shall not discriminate against a consumer because the consumer exercised any of the consumer rights provided by the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, including but not limited to the business doing any of the following:
Denying goods or services to the consumer;
Charging different prices or rates for goods or services, including through the use of discounts or other benefits or imposing penalties;
Providing a different level or quality of goods or services to the consumer, if the consumer exercises the consumers rights;
Suggesting that the consumer will receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services;
Methods for Submitting Requests for Information:  Any consumer requests for the above information may be made by contacting Knight Rifles at the toll free number listed at the top of this page or by clicking  here.
Knight Privacy Statement | Knight Rifles | Revenant Rifles |
Due to Covid-19 our phone lines are currently in-active. Please direct any questions to the general question form at the contact us link Dismiss