http://www.catalinacylinders.com/privacy/
sales@catalinacylinders.com
Catalina Cylinders | World Class Products. First Class Service.TM
0 Items
Privacy Policy
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for (www.catalinacylinders.com). This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this web site. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via our Contact page.
Search for:
Latest News
DOT Notice of Enforcement Discretion Regarding Cylinders that have Exceeded their Periodic Requalification Test Date
April 9, 2020
Compressed Gas Association Safety Alert on Cleaning Returned Cylinders During A Pandemic
April 2, 2020
COVID-19 (2019 Novel Coronavirus Outbreak) – Notice of Continued Business Operations
February 28, 2020
Visit Catalina Cylinder’s Booth at FIME 2019
June 24, 2019
Catalina Cylinders Donates SCUBA Cylinder To
WIES–CCD’s 38th Annual Avalon Harbor Underwater Cleanup
April 23, 2019
Upcoming Events
Tag Cloud2018
aluminum cylinders
avalon harbor underwater cleanup
brazil
business operations
business view magazine
california
carbon fiber
catalina
Catalina Composites
Catalina Cylinders
Catalina Island
composite
composite gas cylinders
compressed gas
cusomizable
custom
customized cylinders
cylinder cleaning
cylinders
diving
donation
expo center norte
fime
fime show
florida international medical expo
gas
gaslive
gasworld
Go Dive Now
Go Dive Now Pool Tour
hospitalar
Interview
lightweight
media
medical cylinders
medical trade fair
press
sao paulo
Save the Sea
scuba
SCUBA Cylinders
type 3
Type 3 cylinders
Underwater Cleanup
Product MarketsPortable Calibration Gas
Beverage
Composite Cylinders
Fire Extinguisher
Impact Extrusions
Medical
Nitrous Oxide
SCUBA
Specialty & Industrial Gas
1