http://www.firstfd.com/terms-of-use
Skip Navigation
Documents in Portable Document Format (PDF) require Adobe Acrobat Reader 5.0 or higher to view. Download Adobe© Acrobat Reader.
Privacy & Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for BankFirstFed.com. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information (name, email address, physical address, phone number, etc.) that you voluntarily give us via email, contact forms, or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
This website is not intended for use by children under the age of 13. Only the parent or legal guardian of a child under the age of 13 may utilize any services provided through the website that involved a password, user ID, or the provision of any other information by the user, even when a deposit or other account has been established on behalf of the child.
This website also uses analytics software to monitor and log your location, computer type, browser information, and other relative data. This information is not personally identifiable and is used by First Federal to adapt our website to better serve the needs and interests of our online customers. The services we use include:
Google Analytics with Remarketing
Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting
If you prefer to not be a part of these analytics, please see the next section for ways you can opt-out.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt-out of any future contact from us at any time. You can do this at any time by contacting us via the contact form or phone number given on our website.
If you would prefer to access our website without analytics data collection, please consider using something like the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on, provided by Google, Inc. Their software is available here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information, that information is transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page.
Updates
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time, and all updates will be posted on this page.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 208-733-4222 or via the contact form on this website.
Cookies
We use "cookies" on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor's hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and allows us to identify repeat visitors to our site. Cookies enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Terms of Use
THESE TERMS GOVERN THE USE OF THIS WEBSITE. PLEASE READ THEM CAREFULLY BEFORE ACCESSING THE SITE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THESE TERMS, DO NOT ACCESS THE WEBSITE. BY ACCESSING THE WEBSITE OR ANY OF ITS PAGES, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS OF USE.
This website has been established by First Federal for the sole purpose of conveying information about the Bank’s products and services and allowing communication between the Bank and its customers. Information that appears on this website should be considered an advertisement. Nothing contained in any page on this site takes the place of the bank’s agreements and disclosures that govern its products and services. If any information on the site conflicts with that in the bank’s agreements and disclosures, the agreements and disclosures will control.
The information and materials contained on this website are owned, licensed, or used with permission by First Federal. No material may be copied, displayed, transmitted, distributed, framed, sold, stored for use, downloaded, or otherwise reproduced except as permitted by law.
The Bank makes no warranties of any kind regarding the products and services advertised on this site. The Bank will use reasonable efforts to ensure that all information displayed is accurate; however, the Bank expressly disclaims any representation and warranty, express and implied, including, without limitation, warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, suitability, and the ability to use the site without contracting a computer virus. The Bank is not responsible for any loss, damage, expense, or penalty (either in tort, contract, or otherwise), including direct, indirect, consequential and incidental damages, that result from the access of or use of this site. This limitation includes, but is not limited to the omission of information, the failure of equipment, the delay or inability to receive or transmit information, the delay or inability to print information, the transmission of any computer virus, or the transmission of any other malicious or disabling code or procedure. This limitation applies even if the Bank has been informed of the possibility of such loss or damage.
This agreement may be changed from time to time by posting the new Terms of Use on the website. All users agree to be subject to this agreement as it changes from time to time.
This agreement and the use of this website are governed by the laws of the State of Idaho.
Customer Privacy Notice
Download our Customer Privacy Notice
Want to... ?
Skip to Terms Of Use
Need to get in touch with us? We're always glad to help!
Contact Us