http://www.inventables.com/terms_of_use
Special Pre-Sale Offer: Up to 38% off the NEW X-Carve Pro
(22 days left for pre-sale offer)
Call us: (312) 775-7009
Email: help@inventables.com
M-F 9am – 5pm CST
Sun 12pm – 7pm CST
Inventables Terms of Use and Terms of Sale Agreement
DATE LAST MODIFIED: May 25, 2018
This Terms of Use and Terms of Sale Agreement (this "Agreement"), which is a legal agreement between you ("you") and Inventables, Inc., a Delaware
corporation ("Inventables", "we" or "us"), shall govern your use of and access to Inventables' website located at www.inventables.com (including any successor or affiliated
websites and including any mobile versions, the "Website"), your posting and/or review of information and/or questions regarding certain products and
materials at the Website, (iii) your purchase of any items or materials from the Website, (iv) your use of certain software owned by Inventables,
and (v) all other services described at the Website (collectively, the "Services"). By checking any acceptance boxes, clicking any acceptance buttons,
making any purchase or simply by making any use of the Website, you (a) accept this Agreement and agree to be bound by each of its terms, and (b)
represent and warrant to Inventables that (i) you have the authority to enter into this Agreement, (ii) this Agreement is binding and
enforceable against you, and (iii) you have read and understand Inventables' Privacy Policy, the terms of which are posted at the
Website and incorporated herein by reference (the "Privacy Policy"), and agree to abide by the Privacy Policy.
Please read this Agreement carefully. If you do not agree to the terms and conditions of this Agreement or the Privacy Policy,
you should immediately cease any and all activities on the Website and/or use of any Services.
CHANGES TO SERVICES, AGREEMENT AND/OR WEBSITE
Inventables may amend any part of this Agreement at any time, and the amended terms will be effective 2 days after initial posting at
the Website. In addition, Inventables may, without prior notice, add, delete or modify some or all of the Services and/or content
available on the Website at any time in its sole discretion. Further, Inventables may discontinue disseminating any portion of
information or category of information and/or may change or eliminate any transmission method. IF ANY OF THESE RULES OR ANY FUTURE
CHANGES ARE UNACCEPTABLE TO YOU, YOU SHOULD IMMEDIATELY DISCONTINUE USE OF THE SERVICES AND WEBSITE. YOUR CONTINUED USE OF THE SERVICES
OR WEBSITE NOW, OR FOLLOWING THE POSTING OF NOTICE OF ANY CHANGES IN THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY UPDATED VERSION OF THIS AGREEMENT, WILL
INDICATE ACCEPTANCE BY YOU OF SUCH RULES, CHANGES AND/OR MODIFICATIONS. You should review this Agreement periodically to ensure you
become aware of changes which are made to this Agreement by Inventables from time to time.
SERVICES; PARTIES; FEES
The Services are described within various pages of the Website and in certain printed materials. You should review these pages and
materials to gain a better understanding of the Services and the goals behind the Website. At a general level, the Website (i)
serves a website where you can purchase certain materials, machines, components, kits and/or other products (each listed material being
referred to herein as a "Listing") from manufacturers and/or distributors of such items, and (ii) serves as an information portal
where companies and/or individuals can post information regarding materials and products created and/or owned by such companies
(each such post being referred to herein as a "Posting").
Inventables does not charge you a fee to review Postings or Listings at the Website or to submit inquiries to or through the
Website, provided, however, that Inventables may, at its discretion, elect to begin charging a fee for access to certain portions
of the Services or Website. Inventables expressly reserves the right to discontinue, suspend or terminate the offering of the Services
at any time. Unless expressly stated in writing, nothing contained herein shall constitute an offer or promise for any type of
commitment.
INVENTABLES' ROLE
You acknowledge that Inventables is not, unless expressly otherwise set forth within the Website, a manufacturer of any item subject
to a Listing. Your communications with manufacturers and/or distributors are solely your responsibility, and any issue which may arise
between you and a manufacturer or distributor, whether such issue involves a Listing or any other matter, is to be resolved between
you and such manufacturer or distributor without the involvement of Inventables. You agree that Inventables shall not be liable for
any damages or costs of any type arising out of or in any way connected with your purchase and/or use of any material, product, kit,
machine, component or product from the Website or otherwise through Inventables. As such, you shall not name Inventables or any of
its officers or equity holders as a party in any litigation or arbitration arising out any communications or transactions with a
manufacturer or distributor.
For purposes of clarity, because Inventables is not a manufacturer, Inventables does not, subject to the Terms of Sale set forth below,
make, and should not be construed as having made, any representation or warranty of any kind concerning any materials, products, kits,
machines, components or products described in any Listing or Posting, including without limitation any representation or warranty
regarding the quality, safety or legality of such materials or products, or the truth or accuracy of any descriptions associated with
any Listing or Posting. Additionally, Inventables makes no representation or warranty of any kind as to the willingness or ability of
either a buyer, manufacturer or distributor to complete a sale or any other transaction.
TERMS OF SALE
In the event you purchase any products, kits, machines, components or materials at the Website (each, an "Item"), these Terms of Sale
(together with the remainder of this Agreement) shall be binding on you.
Orders
The preprinted terms of any documents, such as purchase orders, that you may submit to us in conjunction with an order for
products or materials will not alter, change or add to these Terms of Sale, regardless of how we acknowledge or accept your order
and regardless of the fact that such preprinted terms may contain language stipulating that they supersede these Terms of Sale or
this Agreement.
All orders are deemed to have been placed and accepted in Chicago, Illinois. All orders are subject to acceptance by us, and once
accepted, an order cannot be cancelled, modified or rescheduled by you without our consent. We reserve the right to reject or cancel
any order, or to limit the size of any order, at any time in our sole discretion.
Availability
Availability of Items described within any Listing are subject to change without notice. If an Item is not in stock when you place
your order, we will do our best to advise you when the Item will be available. Inventables shall not be liable for any claims or
damages arising in connection with one or more Items which are out of stock or otherwise unavailable. Inventables reserves the right
to discontinue the sale of any Item at any time without notice to you or any other third party.
Prices
Prices for any Items included within a Listing shall be as set forth at the Website from time to time. We reserve the right to
increase the price for any Item without notice to you (provided, that we will not increase prices for Items which have been previously
ordered by you in accordance with this Agreement but not yet shipped). We are not responsible for any errors on the Website. In the
event an Item is listed at an incorrect price due to typographical, photographic or technical error or error in pricing information
received from our suppliers, distributors or manufacturers, we reserve the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for that Item
listed at the incorrect price.
Taxes; Customs; Duties
All prices are net of any sales, use, excise, value added and similar taxes imposed by any governmental authority regardless
of how denominated; and any international shipping charges, broker's fees, consular fees and customs duties, which shall all be your
sole responsibility. You shall pay all such taxes or charges or provide us with a tax or levy exemption certificate acceptable to the
applicable taxing or levying authority. In the event (i) we are required to pay any taxes or other charges for which you are
responsible, you shall promptly repay these amounts to us immediately upon receipt of our invoice, or (ii) we ship any Item(s)
internationally which have been pre-paid, we have the right to cause such Item(s) to be returned or otherwise disposed of in the event
you fail to pay any customs or duties required to be paid in accordance with the agreed-upon shipment terms.
Payment Terms
We accept payment by VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express and JCB. Your credit card will be charged at the time any order is
placed. You agree not to withhold from or offset against any amount owing to us for any reason. You also agree to address any and all
product and transaction claims solely with us and not to initiate, under any set of circumstances, charge refusals or charge-backs
with credit card issuers, and you agree to indemnify us for any expenses or damages we may suffer on account the initiation by you
of any such charge refusal or charge-back. You shall, as is the case with other disputes arising hereunder, be entitled to resolve any
and all such disputes pursuant to the dispute resolution Section set forth below. In addition to our other rights, we reserve the right
to cancel or suspend delivery of all or part of an order if you are delinquent in any payments owing to us. We shall retain a purchase
money security interest in any products delivered to you until we have received payment in full. You agree to pay, in connection with
any past due balance, (i) a late payment charge of 1½ percent per month, but not in excess of the lawful maximum, and (ii) all costs
incurred by us in collecting such past due balance, including, without limitation, court and arbitration costs and attorney's fees.
Shipping
All products are shipped FOB our shipping point. You will be responsible for any loss or damage to a product once we give it to the
common carrier for delivery to you. Unless you request a specific means of delivery which we are able to accommodate, we will select
the common carrier. You are responsible for all transportation and related shipping costs (including any duties charged in connection
with international shipments), the charges for which will be provided on the Website at the time of purchase or otherwise communicated
to you. Shipping dates are approximate. It is your responsibility to provide accurate contact information that allows the shipper to
contact you when shipment is made. Additional storage and/or shipping charges and other warehouse charges may apply if we or the
shipper is unable to contact you, or if you are not available to receive the shipped Items, or if Items are redirected at your request.
If a shipping rate is quoted at an incorrect rate due to typographical error or error in pricing information, we shall have the right
to refuse, adjust or cancel the applicable order whether or not the order has been confirmed or whether or not payment has been
remitted. We shall make every reasonable effort to meet your specified delivery date, but in no case shall we be liable to you if we
are unable to meet such date. We may make deliveries in installments. Any delay in any one installment will not give you the right
to cancel that or any other installment. You must submit any claim for shortages to us within thirty (30) days of the arrival of the
products at your facility.
Returns
You must first receive a Return Material Authorization ("RMA") from us before completing an Item return, regardless of the reason
for the return. This applies to all Item returns permitted under these Terms of Sale. For Items such as kits or machines, we do not
accept returns once you have begun constructing the kit or otherwise begun to use the machine.
We are not obligated to accept any
return without a proper RMA. Unauthorized returns will be reshipped to you at your expense. We also reserve the right to impose
reasonable handling charges in the event we either accept or reject an unauthorized return, as well as re-stocking fees as posted at
the Site or otherwise charged from time to time.
Acceptance
It is your responsibility to inspect all Items purchased from us and to notify us immediately if you believe you should not accept
any of them. You must promptly tell us specifically why you are rejecting the Items and why you believe they are non-conforming. We
will only accept properly rejected products within thirty (30) days of their shipment to you. At our discretion, we will either
exchange or repair the non-conforming Items. Returned Items must be in their original shipping cartons, complete with all parts and
packing materials and packed in the same manner in which such Items were shipped, and shall be returned to our designated return
location freight prepaid. The original manufacturer's warranty will define your rights with respect to any Items found to be defective
beyond this thirty (30) day period. We shall have sole discretion in determining whether or not to accept a return.
Warranty; Disclaimer
We agree to transfer to you, to the extent we are permitted to do so, any warranties that we have received from our suppliers or
manufacturers with respect to the Items sold through the Website. In that case we will have no product warranty obligations to you.
As an accommodation to you, we will, in certain cases and at our sole discretion, provide reasonable assistance in the processing of
Item returns for which we have no warranty obligations hereunder. Where an Item is warranted, but we are not permitted to transfer the
warranty to you, we will warrant that upon delivery to you (and at no other time), the Items purchased will substantially conform to
the applicable manufacturer's specifications for such Items under the same terms as warranted by the manufacturer to us. Except for
this limited warranty which we make solely to you and to the extent permitted by law, WE MAKE NO WARRANTIES, GUARANTEES OR
REPRESENTATIONS, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, REGARDING ANY ITEM SOLD THROUGH THE WEBSITE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES
OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR ARISING FROM A COURSE OF DEALING, USAGE OR TRADE PRACTICE, OR RESPECTING
NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR AS TO THE RESULTS THAT YOU MAY ACHIEVE ON ACCOUNT OF ANY ITEM YOU MAY PURCHASE. IT IS YOUR RESPONSIBILITY TO
ENSURE THAT YOUR USE OF ITEMS PURCHASED FROM INVENTABLES COMPLIES WITH LOCAL JURISDICTION CODES AND ALL REGIONAL, NATIONAL AND
INTERNATIONAL LAWS AND REGULATIONS. Our warranty obligations with respect to Items and your exclusive rights under our warranty are
limited, at our option, to repair or replace the Items as set forth above, or to refund the purchase price paid by you for the affected
Items.
Reselling by You
You shall purchase Items through the Website solely for your own use. You agree to indemnify and hold us harmless from any claims
asserted by a third party, regardless of the theory under which such claim is asserted, arising out of the resale or distribution of
any Items by you. Also, you are not authorized to use any of our trademarks or trade names or those of our manufacturers, distributors
or suppliers without our or their written consents, as the case may be.
Unauthorized Use of Items
Many of the Items listed at the Website, if not used correctly, can cause fires, injury or even death. While we may, from time to time,
offer tutorials or guides within various portions of the Website, you are ultimately responsible for ensuring that you are using all
Items purchased from us in a safe and appropriate manner. Inventables shall not be liable for any claims, damages or injuries caused
by your negligence, the negligence of any of your customers, the misuse of any of the Items included within any Listing by you or any
third party to which you provide access to any Item, or any other damages or injuries arising out of your use of any of such Item.
Further to the foregoing, you agree and acknowledge that: (i) operation of any Item which is a machine and/or the construction of any
Item that is a kit and/or the use of various other Items is inherently dangerous, and as such, injuries or death may occur in
connection with such activities; (ii) you, and those that make use or otherwise work with any Item, are solely responsible for all
damages, expenses, liabilities, accidents, injuries or deaths arising out of or relating to such use; (iii) you solely responsible for
monitoring usage of any Item and ensuring that all third parties that work with or make any use of a given Item have the skills and
training necessary regarding same; and (iv) you are solely responsible for ensuring that use of any Item is at all times carried out
in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.
You hereby release, discharge and agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Inventables, its owners, officers, directors and
agents (collectively, "Released Parties") from and against any liabilities, claims, damages, injuries, expenses or deaths (including,
without limitation, attorneys' fees) caused by or resulting, in whole or in part, from the construction, operation and/or any use of
any Item or any of its parts, and in connection therewith, you agree not to initiate any litigation or other claim against any of the
Released Parties in connection with any of the foregoing.
Additionally, specific use restrictions apply to the following products sold on Inventables:
DEFLEXION - You agree to not use DEFLEXION in a finished medical device or pharmaceutical applications. You agree not in any form to
export, re-export, resell, ship or divert or cause to be exported, re-exported, resold, shipped or diverted, directly or indirectly,
any DEFLEXION sample or technical data furnished hereunder to any country, end-use or end-user that requires an export license or other
approval without first obtaining such license or approval. The end-users and end-uses that may require an export license or other
approval include, without limitation, (i) any person, entity, organization or other party identified on an applicable government
restricted party list, including for example the U.S. Department of Commerce's Denied Persons or Entity List, the U.S. Department of
Treasury's Specially Designated Nationals or Blocked Persons List or the Department of State's Debarred Parties List, and (ii) any
end-use involving nuclear applications, chemical/biological weapons or missile, rocket systems or unmanned air vehicle applications.
You agree to abide by the regulations of U.S. Department of Treasury, Office of Foreign Assets Control, which administers U.S. trade
sanctions and embargoes. As of the date of this Agreement, OFAC regulations currently include, without limitation, Iran, Cuba, Syria
and Sudan. As of the date of this Agreement, similar restrictions apply to North Korea under the U.S. Export Administration
Regulations. OFAC sanctioned and embargoed countries and related regulations are currently listed at
http://www.treas.gov/offices/enforcement/ofac/programs/index.shtml.
Limitation of Liability
NEITHER OF US, IN CONNECTION WITH ANY SALE OF ITEMS INCLUDED WITHIN ANY LISTING, SHALL BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER FOR ANY INDIRECT,
SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOSS OF PROFITS OR REVENUE, LOSS OF DATA, PROCUREMENT COSTS, OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION COSTS, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
IN NO EVENT WILL WE BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY DAMAGES IN EXCESS OF (X) THE PURCHASE PRICE OF THE ITEMS GIVING RISE TO THE APPLICABLE
CLAIM REGARDLESS OF THE THEORY UNDER WHICH SUCH CLAIM IS ASSERTED, OR (Y) FOR ALL OTHER TYPES OF CLAIMS, THE AGGREGATE AMOUNT PAID BY YOU TO
INVENTABLES DURING THE SIX (6) MONTH PERIOD IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING THE DATE OF THE APPLICABLE CLAIM.
The collective limitations on our liability under these Terms of Sale apply also to our suppliers who are intended beneficiaries of these limitations.
Export Control
You agree not to export or re-export any Item or technical data except in full compliance with the export control laws and regulations of
the United States government, its departments and agencies, or import or re-export any product or technical data except in full compliance of the laws
of the jurisdiction into which, or from which, such product or technical data is being imported or re-exported.
Force Majeure
Except for payment obligations, neither of us shall be liable for any failure to perform in connection with any sale of an Item due to
causes beyond our reasonable control, respectively, including but not limited to acts of God or nature, war, fire, bad weather, flood, accident, labor
trouble or shortage, civil disturbance, plant shutdown, equipment failure, voluntary or involuntary compliance with any applicable governmental
regulation or order, or shortage or inability to obtain (on terms deemed practicable by the party affected) any raw materials (including energy),
equipment or transportation. In cases of material shortages we reserve the right to allocate the delivery of affected materials as we see fit. The time
for performance shall be extended by the period of the applicable force majeure event.
Intellectual Property
You hereby recognize Inventables' intellectual property rights in its name, the Website and all other intellectual property owned by Inventables, and
nothing herein shall be deemed to assign ownership of any such intellectual property to you. You affirm that you are obtaining the Items sold through the Website for use as intended. You will not reverse-engineer or use any Item to develop similar products or
materials to those purchased from the Website, nor will you knowingly or willingly permit your customers, employees, contractors or affiliates to do
the same. For purposes of these Terms of Sale, "reverse engineering" includes, but is not limited to, disassembly of a product or material, or
utilization of our specifications and/or literature for the purposes of developing one or more similar or derivative products or services that can be
reasonably regarded as competitive with our offerings.
Independent Contractors
Neither of us shall be deemed to be the agent or legal representative of the other for any purpose whatsoever. We are independent contractors and
neither of us shall represent or hold ourselves out in any other capacity.
Assignment
You may not assign these Terms of Sale, by operation of law or otherwise, without our prior written consent. Any assignment attempted in violation of
this provision shall be void and of no legal effect.
Other Sales
Nothing herein shall be deemed to limit or restrict our ability to sell products, materials or services to, or otherwise work, with any other company,
business or individual, including, without limitation, your direct competitors.
TERMS SPECIFIC TO "EASEL" SOFTWARE PLATFORM
The following terms shall govern your use of and access to the software platform commonly referred to as "Easel" (the "Platform"). These terms shall be applicable to you to the extent any Item you purchase includes or otherwise allows you access to the Platform, and will govern your use of the Platform.
In addition, use of and access to the "Easel Pro" version of the Platform shall, in addition to all of the terms set forth herein, be subject to Inventables' Easel Pro End User License Agreement, the terms of which are incorporated herein by reference.
Inventables hereby grants you a non-transferable, non-exclusive, revocable, limited license to access and use the Platform solely for its intended
purpose.
Inventables may, from time to time, update or modify the Platform, release new versions of the Platform or create new modules related
thereto, each of which may, at Inventables’ discretion and to the extent Inventables makes such versions or modules available to other
similarly-situated licensees, be included within the license described above.
You shall not be permitted to sublicense, assign or transfer
any of your rights under this license including, without limitation, access to the Platform.
Inventables does not offer any customer support for the Platform beyond its standard and customary customer support provided to purchasers of Items through the Website.
You shall not directly or indirectly copy or reproduce all or any portion of the Platform, whether electronically, mechanically or otherwise,
in any form including, but not limited to, the copying of presentation, style or organization.
You shall use the Platform solely for its intended
purposes and shall not use the Platform for the benefit of any third party except as specifically contemplated under this Agreement.
You shall not
violate or attempt to violate the security of the Platform or any of the code included therein.
You shall not reverse engineer, decompile,
disassemble or otherwise attempt to derive source code or other trade secrets from the Platform, including, without limitation, any of the software
comprising or in any way making up a part of the Platform.
Inventables shall at all times remain the sole and exclusive owner of the Platform and
all software and intellectual property related thereto.
All rights not specifically granted to you in this Agreement are reserved by Inventables.
These terms shall continue in full force for so long as you use or otherwise have access to the Platform.
You are free to share projects or other work product you create within the Platform with third parties by using the share feature
within the Platform.
In addition, certain Inventables employees are provided with administrative access to review all projects and/or
work product created within the Platform from time to time.
Except as explicitly set forth herein, neither Inventables nor any of Inventables’ employees, affiliates, agents, suppliers, equity holders,
licensors nor the like, makes any warranties of any kind regarding the Platform, either expressed or implied, including, without limitation, (a)
warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose, (b) that the Platform will be error-free, (c) as to a minimum level of uptime or
maximum level of downtime for the Platform, or (d) as to the results that may be obtained or achieved by you on account of using the Platform.
You agree and acknowledge that the Platform is licensed, provided and/or made available hereunder on an “as is” basis.
You further acknowledge that
the Platform may not function properly at times.
INVENTABLES SHALL NOT, UNDER ANY SET OF CIRCUMSTANCES, BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, PUNATIVE OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOST PROFITS OR DATA, ARISING OUT OF YOUR USE OF THE PLATFORM, WHETHER BASED IN CONTRACT,
TORT OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBLITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
The Platform, including technical data, is subject to U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Act and its associated
regulations, and may be subject to export or import regulations in other countries.
You agree to comply strictly with all such regulations.
The Platform may not be used, sold, resold, sublicensed, diverted, transferred or otherwise exported or re-exported: (i) in, into or through any
country designated as a terrorist supporting country by the U.S. government or any of its agencies; (ii) in, into or through any country for which
the U.S. has an embargo or with which the U.S. or any of its agencies maintains comprehensive trade controls; (iii) to or by a national or resident
of the countries described in (i) or (ii); or (iv) to or by any party included in the United States Department of Commerce's Denied Persons List,
Entity List or Unverified List; or the United States Department of the Treasury's Specially Designated Nationals, Specially Designated Global
Terrorists, Specially Designated Narcotics Traffickers, Specially Designated Narcotic Traffickers, or Specially Designated Terrorists List; or the
United States Department of State's Designated Foreign Terrorist Organizations or Debarred Persons List; or is otherwise designated by the U.S.
government or any of its agencies as a party with which it is unlawful to do business.
QUESTIONS; SUBMISSIONS
By submitting a question on any page within the Website, posting a Listing or Posting and/or making any submission to the Website, you hereby
understand and agree that you have established a business relationship between you and Inventables, which is the owner of the Website. As such, you
agree that Inventables may contact you using contact and/or other information you provided with information, surveys and offers of services available
through Inventables, the Website or any other website owned or operated by Inventables or an affiliate of Inventables from time to time. You hereby
consent to any such communication, phone calls or e-mails even if your phone number is on any Do Not Call list or if your e-mail is on any other
restricted access list. In the event you wish to opt out of receiving any such communications from Inventables, please send an e-mail to
help@inventables.com to be removed from this list.
LIMITED LICENSE
Inventables hereby grants you a non-exclusive, nontransferable, revocable limited license to access and use the Website and its contents, strictly in
accordance with this Agreement and solely for the permitted uses described in this Agreement. This license and authorization is not a transfer of title
in any content posted at the Website and is subject to strict compliance with the rules and other terms of this Agreement.
WEBSITE ACCESS AND LISTING RULES
In return for the license and authorization Inventables grants you in this Agreement to use the Website, you agree to abide by all the terms of this
Agreement and any additional restrictions displayed on the Website, as and when they are updated from time to time, including, without limitation, the
rules in this Section. This Section includes certain activities that are expressly not permitted on this Website. Inclusion of these prohibited uses is
not intended and should not be construed to modify any description of permitted uses in this or any other Section of this Agreement and you may not
construe the fact that a particular activity is not described as a prohibited use in this Section as an indication of permission to engage in that
activity if it is not consistent with the permitted uses. Inventables reserves the right to remove any Listing or Posting, block the sending of any
inquiry or other content it deems inappropriate in its sole discretion, and may terminate your or any other user's access to the Website at any time in
its sole discretion for any or no reason. While Inventables reserves the right to monitor all Listings and Postings, and/or content posted at the
Website, it has no obligation to do so.
Permitted Uses.
You may use the Website only in good faith for your own use for the purposes described herein. You may download and print out portions of
the content from the Website for non-commercial purposes provided that you follow the rules in this Agreement.
Distribution.
Except as expressly permitted under other provisions of this Agreement, you may not modify, reproduce, duplicate, copy, photocopy, print,
republish, display, translate, transmit, distribute, sell, resell, rent, lease, loan, exploit, reduce to any electronic medium or
machine-readable form, or otherwise make available in any form or by any means all or any portion of the Website, the content or any
information or materials retrieved from either of them, including, without limitation, graphics and logos, in whole or in part, for any
purpose without Inventables' express prior written consent and approval (which consent may be withheld at Inventables' sole discretion).
Website Functionality.
You may not remove, disable, defeat, or change any functionality or the appearance of the Website or any of the content included on the
Website.
Interference.
You may not interrupt or attempt to interrupt or otherwise interfere with the operation of the Website in any way.
Derivative Works.
You may not create compilations or derivative works of the Website, the Website content or any other materials from the Website.
Proprietary Notices.
You may not remove, change or obscure and you must retain on all copies of the content you download any copyright notice or other
proprietary notice, Privacy Policy, legal disclosures, or terms of use contained in the content or on the Website.
Transfer.
You may not transfer the Website content to any other person unless you have received all consents necessary from Inventables (which
consents may be withheld at Inventables' sole discretion) and, in addition, you give such other person notice of and they agree to accept
the obligations arising under this Agreement.
Infringement.
You may not use the Website, the Website content, or any other materials from the Website in any manner that may infringe upon any
copyright or other intellectual property right, proprietary right, or property right of Inventables or any third party. For purposes of
clarity, you may not post any Item or sell any Item to which you do not have the full and unfettered right to sell without the
consent of any third party (except to the extent you have all necessary rights from such third party).
Software.
You may not (i) decompile, disassemble, or reverse engineer any of the Website's software, (ii) use any network monitoring or discovery
software to determine its architecture, or (iii) use any robot, spider or other automatic device or manual process to monitor materials
available on the Website.
Information Distribution.
You may not use the Website or any communications service, chat room, message board, blog, forum, newsgroup, software library, or other
interactive service that may be available to you on or through the Website to transmit, upload, post, distribute or facilitate distribution
of, or otherwise make available any information or content, including text, communications, software, images, sounds, data or other
information, that:
is false;
contains explicit or graphic descriptions or accounts of sexual acts, including, without limitation, sexual language of a violent
or threatening nature directed at another individual or group of individuals;
you are restricted from using under contractual restrictions or fiduciary obligations, including, without limitation, inside
information and proprietary and confidential information learned or disclosed as part of an employment relationship or under
nondisclosure agreements;
you are restricted from using under any law;
infringes upon the intellectual property rights of any third party; or
contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs that are designed or intended to disrupt, damage, or limit
the functions of any software, hardware, or telecommunications equipment or to damage or obtain unauthorized access to any data or
other information of any other party.
Other Prohibited Uses.
You may not use the Website for any purpose that:
is unlawful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, libelous, deceptive, fraudulent, invasive of another's privacy, tortious,
or otherwise violates Inventables' rules or policies;
victimizes, harasses, degrades, or intimidates an individual or group of individuals on the basis of religion, gender, sexual
orientation, race, ethnicity, age, disability, or any other classification protected by law;
invades any person's or entity's privacy or other rights;
constitutes unauthorized or unsolicited advertising, junk or bulk e-mail (also known as "spamming"), chain letters, any other form
of unauthorized solicitation, or any form of lottery or gambling;
misidentifies yourself or impersonates any person or entity, including, without limitation, any employee or representative of
Inventables, or falsely states, implies, or otherwise misrepresents your affiliation with a person or entity by, for example,
pretending to be someone other than yourself or pretending to represent a company or organization that you are not affiliated with
or authorized to represent; or
could otherwise reasonably be deemed or viewed to be unethical, illegal or offensive.
Others' Personal Information.
You may not use any automatic or manual process to harvest, collect or store information about other users of the Website or its services
or use any such information for any purpose whatsoever without Inventables' express prior written consent and approval (which consent may
be withheld at Inventables' sole discretion). In any event, you may not knowingly solicit or collect personal information from a child 12
years old or younger without appropriate prior verifiable parental consent.
Harm to Minors.
You may not take any action on the Website or use the Website content to harm minors in any way.
Data Collection.
You may not access the Website for data mining or extract any content from the Website for any purpose other than your personal use as
described in this Agreement.
Commercial Database.
You may not use any portion of the Website or any of the Website content as a component of or to develop, in any media, an information
storage and retrieval system, database, infobase, or similar information resource that is offered for commercial distribution of any kind,
including, without limitation, through sale, license, lease, rental, subscription, or any other distribution mechanism.
Sharing.
You may not make any portion of the Website, including, without limitation, the Website content, available through any timesharing system,
service bureau, the Internet, or any other technology, without Inventables' express written consent and approval (which consent may be
withheld at Inventables' sole discretion).
Identifiers.
You may not forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers on the Website in order to disguise the origin of any Website content
transmitted through the Website.
Securities Laws.
You may not intentionally or unintentionally violate any applicable local, state, national or international law relating to securities and
other aspects of business ownership, including, without limitation: (i) regulations promulgated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission, (ii) any rules of any national or other securities exchange, including, without limitation, the New York Stock Exchange, the
American Stock Exchange, and the NASDAQ, and (iii) any other similar regulations that have the force of law.
Solicitation.
You may not use the Website or any Website content to solicit business or to advertise any product or service, or in a manner that violates
any state or federal law regulating commercial e-mail, facsimile transmissions or telephone solicitations.
Export.
You may not export or re-export the Website, any of the Website content, or any software available on or through the Website in violation
of the export control laws and regulations of the United States.
RESTRICTED AREAS
Certain portions of the Website may be limited or restricted to registered members or may otherwise require that you provide certain information. By
using any such service or portion of the Website, you represent and warrant that: (a) all registration information you submit is truthful and accurate;
(b) you will maintain and promptly update the accuracy of the information; (c) the person submitting information to Inventables is 18 years of age or
older; and (d) your use of such services does not violate any applicable law or regulation. You may not share your passwords with any third party or
otherwise provide access through your account to any restricted area of the Website. Inventables shall have the right to terminate or limit your access
to any restricted area in its sole and absolute discretion at any time and for any reason. You agree to notify Inventables immediately if you suspect
any unauthorized use of your account or access to your password. You are solely responsible for any and all use of your account. You are solely
responsible for your interactions with other companies and/or individuals through the Website or in connection with the Website.
COPYRIGHT AND TRADEMARK NOTICES
All contents of the Website are: Copyright © 2020 Inventables, Inc. All rights reserved. "Inventables" is a service mark of Inventables, Inc.
Other product, material and/or company names mentioned herein or within the Website may be the trademarks or service marks of their respective owners.
To this end, you may not, without the prior, written consent of Inventables (which consent may be withheld at Inventables' sole discretion) or the
applicable copyright holder (which consent may be withheld at the sole discretion of such holder), modify, publish, transmit, participate in the
transfer or sale of, reproduce, create new works from, distribute, perform, display, or in any way exploit, any of the content posted at the Website or
otherwise owned by Inventables or any of its licensors. This Agreement shall not be deemed to transfer from Inventables to you (i) any of Inventables'
or its licensors' intellectual property (including, without limitation, patents, trademarks, service marks, trade names, copyrights and licenses),
technology, software programs or any related assets owned by Inventables, or (ii) any rights to use or license any of the foregoing except as
explicitly set forth in this Agreement.
In exchange for your use of the Website, you hereby grant to Inventables an unlimited, irrevocable, fully-paid, transferable, non-exclusive worldwide
license to use, reproduce, modify, publish, edit, translate, distribute, perform and display any content, photographs or other materials you post to
the Website or any forum contained in the Website, alone or as part of other works in any form, media or technology whether now known or hereafter
developed, and to sublicense such rights through multiple tiers of sublicensees. You may remove your content from the Website at any time. If you
choose to remove such content, the license granted above (a) will automatically continue with respect to any content used by Inventables as permitted
above, and (b) will expire with respect to any such content not used by Inventables; however, you acknowledge that Inventables may retain archived
copies of your content. Inventables does not assert any ownership over your content, any Listing or any Posting; rather, as between us and you, subject
to the rights granted to us in this Agreement, you retain full ownership of all of your content and any intellectual property rights or other
proprietary rights associated therewith subject to the license granted herein.
DISCLAIMERS AND LIMITATIONS
Inventables intends that the information contained in the Website be accurate and reliable; however, errors sometimes occur. In addition, changes and
improvements to the information provided herein or on the Website may be made by Inventables at any time. THE WEBSITE AND THE INFORMATION, SOFTWARE,
PRODUCTS AND SERVICES ASSOCIATED WITH IT ARE PROVIDED "AS IS, WHERE IS AND AS AVAILABLE."
INVENTABLES AND/OR ITS SUPPLIERS DISCLAIM ANY WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO ANY MATTER WHATSOEVER RELATING TO THE WEBSITE
AND ANY INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, MATERIALS AND SERVICES PROVIDED WITHIN OR THROUGH THE WEBSITE, IN
CLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION (I) THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, AND NONINFRINGEMENT, OR (II) AS
TO THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED BY USE OF THE WEBSITE, THE SUBMISSION OF ANY INQUIRY OR ANY OTHER USE OF INVENTABLES' SERVICES.
USE OF THE WEBSITE AND/OR INVENTABLES' SERVICES IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. INVENTABLES IS NOT LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR OTHER INJURY ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH THE USE OF THE WEBSITE AND/OR INVENTABLES' SERVICES OR WITH THE DELAY
OR INABILITY TO USE THE WEBSITE, OR FOR ANY INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS AND SERVICES OBTAINED THROUGH THE WEBSITE, OR OTHERWISE ARISING OUT OF THE
USE OF THE WEBSITE, WHETHER RESULTING IN WHOLE OR IN PART, FROM BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORTIOUS BEHAVIOR, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN
IF INVENTABLES HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGES. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THE ABOVE
EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. In all events, the aggregate liability of INVENTABLES, its owners and agents for any reason and upon any cause of
action, whether in contract, tort or otherwise, shall not exceed the amount of fees paid by you to INVENTABLES during the 3-month period immediately
preceding the date on which the applicable claim arose. If you are a resident of the state of New Jersey or otherwise subject to the laws of the state of New Jersey, to the extent the above exclusion of implied warranties or limitation of liability is not allowed or permissible under any New Jersey law or statute, such exclusion and/or limitation, as applicable, shall not apply to you.
UNAVAILABILITY OF SERVICE OR WEBSITE
You are responsible, at your sole cost and expense, for providing all equipment necessary to access the Internet, the Website and/or the Services.
While it is Inventables' objective to make the Website accessible 24 hours per day, 7 days per week, the Website may be unavailable from time to time
for any reason including, without limitation, routine maintenance. In addition, various portions of the Website may operate slowly from time to time,
including without limitation access to Listings or Postings. You understand and acknowledge that due to circumstances both within and outside of the
control of Inventables, access to the Website and/or Services may be interrupted, suspended or terminated from time to time. In particular, and not in
limitation of the foregoing, Inventables shall not be liable in any way for any delay in responding to an inquiry or question forwarded by you or the
effects any delay or unavailability may have on you. YOU AGREE THAT INVENTABLES SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES ARISING FROM ANY SUCH INTERRUPTION,
SUSPENSION OR TERMINATION OF THE WEBSITE AND/OR SERVICE AND THAT YOU SHALL PUT IN PLACE CONTINGENCY PLANS TO ACCOUNT FOR SUCH PERIODIC INTERRUPTIONS OR
SUSPENSIONS OF THE WEBSITE AND/OR SERVICE.
RELEASE AND INDEMNITY
Release.
Without limiting the generality of the disclaimers set forth in this Agreement, you hereby waive and release Inventables, Inventables' licensors,
subsidiaries, and affiliates and each of their respective past and present equity owners, directors, managers, members, shareholders, officers,
employees, agents, contractors and representatives, successors and assigns (collectively, "Inventables Releasees" and individually a "Inventables
Releasee") from any damages and claims of any sort, whether direct or otherwise, that arise out of or result from your use of the Website, the Website
content and any Services offered through the Website, including, without limitation, any dealings or transactions between you and third parties (i)
from whom or which you obtain any information, goods, Items or services through the Website, or (ii) to whom or which you sell Items or materials on
account of communications initiated through the Website.
Indemnity.
You will indemnify and hold harmless the Inventables Releasees against any claim or demand made by any third party and any damages, costs, liabilities
and expenses, including, without limitation, attorneys' fees, any indemnified party incurs as a result of such a claim or demand arising out of (a) any
content you submit or post to or transmit through the Website, (b) your use of or connection to the Website, the Website content or the Services
offered through the Website, (c) your violation of this Agreement or your violation of any rights of another person, (d) any activity carried out by
another person using your account or password with your knowledge or (e) any product liability or other liability associated with any product, Item or
material you purchase from a manufacturer or distributor. You shall, upon the request of Inventables or its insurer, take over the defense of any claim
against any Inventables Releasee without cost or expense to any Inventables Releasee, it being understood, however, that each Inventables Releasee may
retain its own counsel and participate in any such claim for the further protection of its/his/her interests.
THIRD PARTY CONTENT
a. General.
The Website and the Website content may contain or provide access to content provided by third parties, including, without limitation, information, blog posts,
dialogue, opinions, stories, advice, statistical data, text, software, music, sound, photographs, graphics, video, messages, and other materials,
whether publicly or privately posted to or e-mailed or otherwise transmitted through the Website ("Third Party Content") that may include content you
find to be offensive, indecent or objectionable. The third party from whom Third Party Content originates is solely responsible for it and Inventables
assumes no responsibility to verify, has no control or influence over, makes no representations regarding, and does not guarantee the accuracy,
integrity or quality of any Third Party Content. Accordingly, Inventables has no liability of any kind to you or any other person relating to any Third
Party Content, including, without limitation, mistake, misstatement of law, omission, falsehood, defamation, obscenity, pornography, profanity,
opinion, representation, and any other content contained in the Third Party Content or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the
use of any Third Party Content. Statements of opinion and commentary in Third Party Content are those of the third party and, unless Inventables
expressly states in writing to the contrary, Inventables neither endorses nor adopts as its belief any such statements. Inventables provides
information in articles Inventables posts or links to through the Website only for educational and general informational purposes and not as
professional advice. Inventables has made no attempt to verify any information contained in such articles.
b. Advertisers.
The Website may include advertisements or offers for access to information, goods and services provided by third parties. Your correspondence or
business dealings with or participation in promotions of advertisers on or through the Website, including, without limitation, payment for and delivery
of goods or services and any other terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings, are solely between you and the
advertiser. Inventables makes no representations about and disclaims any and all liability to any person for any such information, goods and services.
Inventables does not (i) endorse any advertiser, (ii) provide advice on which advertiser to select, (iii) guarantee any advertiser's information, goods
or services, or (iv) act as your general contractor, agent or adviser.
c. Links.
As a convenience to you, the Website may contain links to websites that are owned and operated by third parties that are not affiliated with
Inventables. When you use these links, you will leave the Website and Inventables will have no ability to protect your interests. You visit linked
websites at your own risk and it is your responsibility to take any protective measures to guard yourself and your computer against viruses and other
destructive elements. Inventables is not responsible for and, unless it expressly states otherwise in writing, makes no warranty or representation
regarding and does not endorse any linked website or any service, product or information provided on or through the linked website. Inclusion of
hyperlinks to linked websites on the Website does not imply (i) that Inventables sponsors, endorses, or is affiliated or associated with the linked
website, (ii) that Inventables is legally authorized to use any trademark, trade name, logo, service mark, copyright symbol, legal or official seal, or
other proprietary designation or symbol displayed in or accessible through the links, or (iii) that the operator of any linked website is authorized to
use any trademark, trade name, logo, copyright symbol, or other proprietary designation in which Inventables or any of its affiliates has any ownership
or licensee interest.
ERRORS AND DELAYS
Neither Inventables, any supplier or licensor or any owner or agent of any such person or entity is responsible for any errors or delays in responding
to an inquiry, question or submission, including, without limitation, those caused by (i) an incorrect e-mail address or telephone number provided by
you, (ii) the failure of any individual to timely respond to a question or submission, or (iii) technical problems.
DISPUTE RESOLUTION
Any claim or controversy arising out of or relating to the use of the Website, to the goods, programs or services provided by Inventables, to any
Items purchased through the Website or to any acts or omissions for which you may contend Inventables is liable, including but not limited to any
claim or controversy as to arbitrability ("Dispute"), shall be finally, and exclusively, settled by arbitration. The arbitration shall be held before
one arbitrator under the commercial arbitration rules of JAMS in force at that time. The arbitration shall be venued in Cook County, Illinois. The
arbitrator shall be selected pursuant to the JAMS rules. Should no JAMS rule regarding the selection of an arbitrator be in effect, you shall select an
arbitrator from a panel of arbitrators acceptable to Inventables. The direct costs of arbitration payable to the arbitration service shall be paid by
Inventables (which excludes, for purposes of clarity, your attorneys' fees and your other expenses associated with the arbitration).
Any judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrators may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction in Cook County, Illinois. The arbitrator
shall not have the power to award damages in connection with any Dispute in excess of actual compensatory damages, as limited, however, by the
Disclaimers and Limitations Section of this Agreement, and shall not multiply actual damages or award consequential, punitive or exemplary damages, and
each party irrevocably waives any claim thereto. The agreement to arbitrate shall not be construed as an agreement to the joinder or consolidation of
an arbitration under this Agreement with an arbitration of disputes or claims of any non-party, regardless of the nature of the issues or disputes
involved.
THIS AGREEMENT PROVIDES THAT ALL DISPUTES BETWEEN YOU AND INVENTABLES WILL BE RESOLVED BY
BINDING ARBITRATION. YOU THUS GIVE UP YOUR RIGHT TO GO TO COURT TO ASSERT OR DEFEND YOUR RIGHTS. YOU ALSO GIVE UP YOUR RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE IN OR BRING CLASS ACTIONS.
YOUR RIGHTS WILL BE DETERMINED BY NEUTRAL ARBITRATORS AND
NOT
A JUDGE OR JURY. You are entitled to a fair hearing, but the arbitration procedures are
simpler
and more limited than rules applicable in court. Arbitrator decisions are enforceable and are subject to
very limited review
by a court. By using the Services or accessing the Website, you consent to these restrictions.
Should a Dispute arise and should the arbitration provisions herein become inapplicable or unenforceable, or in any instance of any lawsuit between you
and Inventables, the parties agree that jurisdiction over and venue of any suit shall be exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in Cook
County, Illinois. If either party employs attorneys to enforce any right in connection with any Dispute or lawsuit the prevailing party shall be
entitled to recover reasonable attorneys' fees from the non-prevailing party.
MISCELLANEOUS
If you are a resident of the state of New Jersey or otherwise subject to the laws of the state of New Jersey, any limitation of liability, mandatory arbitration, provision which would require one party to pay another party’s attorneys’ fees or legal costs, exclusion of warranties or disclaimers or other provision that is not allowed or permissible under any such law or regulation shall not apply to you.
For all other individuals, any limitation of liability, mandatory arbitration, provision which would require one party to pay another party’s attorneys’ fees or legal costs, exclusion of warranties or disclaimers or other provision that is not allowed or permissible under your state laws or regulations shall not apply to you.
This Agreement, together with any other policies or agreements posted at the Website from time to time, constitutes the entire agreement between you
and Inventables and it supersedes all prior or contemporaneous communications, promises and proposals, whether oral, written or electronic, between you
and Inventables with respect to the Website and information, software, products, materials, programs and Services associated with it. Inventables and
you are intended to be independent contractors, and nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to establish any relationship of partnership, joint
venture, employment, franchise or agency between Inventables and you. This Agreement shall be subject to and construed in accordance with the laws of
the State of Illinois, excluding its conflict of laws principles. If any part of this Agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable pursuant
to applicable law including, but not limited to, the warranty disclaimers and liability limitations set forth above, then the invalid or unenforceable
provision will be deemed superseded by a valid enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent of the original provision, and the remainder
of the Agreement shall continue in effect. A printed version of this Agreement and of any notice given in electronic form shall be admissible in
judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to this Agreement to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business
documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form. All rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.
Inventables' contact information, should you need to contact Inventables for any reason, is:
Inventables
328 S. Jefferson St., Suite 260
Chicago, Illinois 60661
Customer Service: (312) 775-7009
Email: help@inventables.com
Inventables respects the intellectual property of others, and asks you and all users to do the same.
Material available on or through other
websites may be protected by copyright and the intellectual property laws of the United States and/or other countries, and the terms of use of those
websites, and not this Agreement, govern your use of that material.
It is Inventables' policy, in appropriate circumstances and at its discretion,
to disable and/or terminate the accounts of users who may infringe or repeatedly infringe the copyrights or other intellectual property rights of
Inventables and/or others.
If you believe that your intellectual property or work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, or that your intellectual
property rights have been otherwise violated, please provide Inventables' Agent for Notice with the following information in English (Your "Notice"):
an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright or other intellectual property interest;
a description of the copyrighted work or other intellectual property that you claim has been infringed;
a description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the Website;
Your address, telephone number, and email address;
a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright or intellectual property owner, its agent, or the law;
a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your Notice is accurate and that you are the copyright or intellectual property owner or authorized to act on the copyright or intellectual property owner's behalf.
In some circumstances, in order to notify the individual or entity who or which provided the allegedly infringing content to which Inventables
has disabled access, Inventables may forward a copy of a valid Notice including name and email address to such individual or entity.
Inventables' Agent for Notice of claims of copyright or other intellectual property infringement can be reached as follows:
By mail:
Copyright Agent
c/o Inventables, Inc.
328 S. Jefferson St., Suite 260
Chicago, Illinois 60661
By phone:
(312) 775-7009
By fax:
(413) 332-0054
By email:
copyright@inventables.com