https://www.greenwich.com/terms-of-use
Terms of Use
The following are the terms of an agreement between you and Greenwich Associates, LLC (“Greenwich Associates”). By accessing or using our website, www.greenwich.com, you acknowledge that you have read, understand, and agree to be bound by these terms. If you do not agree to these terms, do not use our website.
We reserve the right to change these Terms of Use and any other information contained on our website at any time, without notice. Your continued use of our website after such changes constitutes your acceptance of and agreement to these changes.
In addition to these Terms of Use, please also review our Privacy Policy, which outlines our practices in handling any Personal Information you provide to us. Our Privacy Policy is incorporated by reference herein and can be viewed at https://www.greenwich.com/privacy-policy
Authority and Capacity
Through your use of this website, you represent that you are at least 18 years of age and have attained the age of majority in the province, state or country in which you reside and that you are fully able and competent to enter into the terms, conditions, obligations, affirmations, and representations set forth in these Terms of Use.
Types of Users
Several different parties may use our website to access our research, ranking, reports, resources, and other materials, including, members, key decision-makers, industry experts, and financial professionals asked to participate in research (“Research Participants”), clients who engage Greenwich Associates to perform consulting services (“Clients”), individuals who are interested in learning more about Greenwich Associates, but may be registered only as non-members (“Other Registered Users”) and unregistered users who are not provided with login information, but still access our website (“Unregistered Users”). All are collectively referred to as “Users.”
Research Participants
Over the last forty (40) years, Greenwich Associates has conducted research within the institutional financial services industry. Over this period of time, Greenwich Associates has built an extensive proprietary contact database, which contains information on many of financial professionals from around the world.
We reserve the right to decide who is invited to become a member of this proprietary database. In return for participation in one or more research studies conducted by Greenwich Associates, individuals have the opportunity to become members of the Greenwich Exchange as Research Participants. Membership as a Research Participant lasts for twelve (12) months and can be renewed each year by participating in a research study during the term of membership.
Membership resides with each individual. Should a member move from one employer to another, his or her membership will not be terminated. However, Greenwich Associates cannot guarantee that it will maintain the membership beyond the standard twelve (12) month period.
Clients
Greenwich Associates often renders consulting services to Clients based on its proprietary research and database information. Full or limited access to this website and the research, reports, rankings, resources, and other materials available on this website is often provided to these Clients.
Other Registered Users
Greenwich Associates provides limited access to this website to individuals who are interested in learning about its proprietary research. Non-member registered users have limited access to the full text of research, reports, rankings, resources, and other materials available on this website.
Unregistered Users
All other users are able to view the general areas of this website, but are not provided with login information and will not have access to all research, reports, rankings, resources, and other materials that are otherwise available to Research Participants, Clients or Other Registered Users.
Use of Website
Greenwich Associates grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited permission to access and display this website as a Research Participant, Client, Other Registered User, or Unregistered User provided that you comply with these Terms of Use.
The right to use this website is personal to you and you shall not sell, lease, assign or transfer any right to use this website nor shall you permit any such assignment or transfer to occur, directly, indirectly or contingently by agreement or operation of law. The use authorized under this agreement is non-commercial in nature.
All other use of this website is prohibited. You may not modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer, or sell any research, reports, rankings, resources, or other materials or information you access on or through this website (the “Content”).
You agree not to use this website in any way that is unlawful or harms Greenwich Associates, its affiliates or any other Users. You must not use this website in any way that breaches any code of conduct or policy. Without limiting the generality of this section, you must not use this website in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair any part of this website or interfere with any other party's use of this website.
When you use this website you will comply at all times with all applicable international, federal, state and local laws, statutes, regulations, and ordinances and will not take any action that harms or violates the rights of any other person or entity.
Use of Website Content
No advertising, promotional or commercial use of the Content and other materials available on our website can be made without the express written permission from Greenwich Associates.
To obtain permission, please email us at ContactUs@greenwich.com. Any User found to be in violation of these Terms of Use will risk losing his or her access privileges.
All Users are prohibited from modifying, copying, distributing, transmitting, displaying, performing, reproducing, publishing, licensing, creating derivative works from, transferring, or selling any Content, information or other materials available on our website, without securing express written permission.
Greenwich Associates does not grant you any express or implied rights or licenses under any patents, trademarks, copyrights, or other proprietary or intellectual property rights. Any Content, information or materials made available for downloading, access, or other use from this website with its own license terms will be governed by such terms, conditions, and notices.
Your failure to comply with such terms or any of the terms on this website will result in automatic termination of any rights granted to you, without prior notice, and you must immediately destroy all copies of the downloaded materials in your possession, custody or control.
Your Responsibilities
You are responsible for all activity that occurs within your profile on our website. This means that you will:
have sole responsibility for the accuracy, quality, integrity, legality, reliability, and appropriateness of all Personal Information;
update your account and Personal Information as necessary to ensure that it is accurate and complete;
refrain from misrepresenting your identity or any other information disclosed during the registration process, impersonating another person or entity, or misrepresenting your affiliation with another person or entity, which can all result in termination of your ability to use our website;
prevent unauthorized access to, or use of this website using your account or profile and notify Greenwich Associates of any such unauthorized access or use, this includes keeping your username and password in a safe location; and
refrain from violating or encouraging others to violate, infringe or misappropriate any right of or obligation to a third party, including any intellectual property, proprietary, confidentiality, or privacy rights.
You understand and acknowledge that:
You must not use our website or any Content provided on our website for the transmission of advertising or promotional materials, including junk mail, spam, or any other form of unsolicited or unwelcome solicitation;
You must not use our website in any manner that could disable, overburden, damage, or impair this website, or interfere with any other party’s use and enjoyment of our website, including by uploading or otherwise disseminating any virus, adware, spyware, worm or other malicious code, or interfering with or disrupting any network, equipment, or server connected to or used to provide access to our website, or violating any regulation, policy, or procedure of any network, equipment, or server;
You must not post or transmit content or information on or through our website that is harmful, offensive, obscene, abusive, invasive of privacy, defamatory, hateful or otherwise discriminatory, false or misleading, or incites an illegal act;
You must not use or attempt to use another’s account or personal information; and
You must not attempt to gain unauthorized access to our website, or the computer systems or networks connected to our website, through hacking, password mining or any other means.
Linking
This website may provide links or references to third party websites, resources and content not related to Greenwich Associates. Greenwich Associates makes no representations, warranties, or other commitments or endorsements whatsoever about any third party websites or resources that may be referenced, accessible from, or linked to our website.
In addition, Greenwich Associates is not a party to or responsible for any transactions you may enter into with third parties, even if you learn of such parties from this website. It is up to you to take precautions to protect yourself from viruses, worms, and other potentially destructive programs, and to protect your Personal Information.
Confidentiality
Greenwich Associates confidential information (“Confidential Information”) includes, without limitation, all software, technology, programming, specifications, materials, rankings, resources, reports, Content, research, pricing, membership lists, databases, guidelines and documentation relating to our research and this website.
You acknowledge that any unauthorized use or disclosure of this Confidential Information will cause irreparable damage to Greenwich Associates. You also acknowledge that Greenwich Associates may suspend or terminate any and all rights granted to you under these Terms of Use and shall be entitled to injunctive relief in addition to all legal or equitable relief that may be available to it if you wrongfully disclose Confidential Information.
Greenwich Associates does not want to receive confidential or proprietary information from you through our website. Please note that any information or material sent to Greenwich Associates will be deemed not to be confidential. By sending Greenwich Associates any information or material, you grant Greenwich Associates an unrestricted, irrevocable license to copy, reproduce, publish, upload, post, transmit, distribute, publicly display, perform, modify, create derivative works from, and otherwise freely use, those materials or information.
Representations and Warranties
You represent and warrant that the information provided to us or uploaded on this website does not infringe on any copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret, or other intellectual property or proprietary right held by any third party and that you will not use this website or our Content in a manner that violates any international, federal, state, or local law or regulation, including but not limited to, any individual privacy law or laws governing the distribution of email and any other digital communications.
Disclaimer of Warranties
USE OF THIS SITE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ALL CONTENT, MATERIALS, INFORMATION, PRODUCTS, SOFTWARE, PROGRAMS, AND SERVICES ARE PROVIDED "AS IS," WITH NO WARRANTIES OR GUARANTEES WHATSOEVER. GREENWICH ASSOCIATES, ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AND AGENTS DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. GREENWICH ASSOCIATES MAKES NO WARRANTY OR GUARANTEE THAT THIS WEBSITE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE. GREENWICH ASSOCIATES ASSUMES NO LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR USE OF OUR SECURE SERVERS AND/OR ANY AND ALL PERSONAL INFORMATION AND/OR FINANCIAL INFORMATION STORED THEREIN.
YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT IF YOU DOWNLOAD OR OTHERWISE OBTAIN CONTENT, MATERIALS, INFORMATION, RESOURCES, PRODUCTS, SOFTWARE, PROGRAMS, OR SERVICES FROM THIS WEBSITE, YOU DO SO AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK AND THAT YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGES THAT MAY RESULT, INCLUDING LOSS OF DATA OR DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM.
Limitation of Liability
To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, in no event will Greenwich Associates, its officers, directors, employees or agents be liable to you for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, special, exemplary or punitive damages of any type whatsoever related to or arising out of this agreement, any use of this website or any site or resource linked to, referenced, or accessed through this website, or for the use or downloading of, or access to, any Content, materials, information, resources, products, or services, including, without limitation, any lost profits, business interruption, lost savings or loss of programs or other data, even if Greenwich Associates is expressly advised of the possibility of such damages. This exclusion and waiver of liability applies to all causes of action, whether based on contract, warranty, tort, or any other legal theories.
Indemnification
To the extent not prohibited by law, you agree to indemnify and hold harmless Greenwich Associates, its employees, officers, directors, affiliates, and agents from and against any and all claims, losses, expenses, damages, and costs, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, resulting directly or indirectly from or arising out of your use, misuse or inability to use this website or Content or any violation of these Terms of Use.
Ownership
You acknowledge that ownership of all right, title and interest to Greenwich Associates intellectual property, which shall include without limitation, all trademarks and copyright, including, in all Content, research, reports, rankings and resources, and the components and source code of our website and its features, shall remain vested solely in Greenwich Associates.
You further acknowledge that ownership of any improvements to this website or any new programs, upgrades, modifications and/or enhancements, even when such refinements result from your request, are and shall remain vested solely in Greenwich Associates. To the extent, if any, that ownership in such refinements and improvements do not automatically vest in Greenwich Associates or its affiliates by virtue of these Terms of Use or otherwise, you hereby transfer and assign (and, if applicable, shall cause your affiliates to transfer and assign) to Greenwich Associates all rights, title, and interest which you may have to such refinements and improvements.
Greenwich Associates respects the intellectual property and proprietary rights of others and we ask you do the same. You should assume that all text, designs, graphics and images that you find on this website are subject to copyright, trademark, or other intellectual or proprietary rights. You authorize Greenwich Associates to cooperate with intellectual property owners who claim that you have infringed or may infringe on their proprietary rights. This cooperation includes, but is not limited to, disclosing your Personal Information and alleged infringing material to the intellectual property owner or its agent and destroying all alleged infringing material.
Termination
Greenwich Associates, in its sole discretion and without notice to you, may terminate this website, your access to this website, any feature of this website, or your use of any feature or Content posted on this website. Greenwich Associates will not be liable to you or any third party for any suspension or termination of your access to this website or its Content.
General Information
You agree that these Terms of Use shall be governed by the laws of Connecticut. Any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be adjudicated in Fairfield County, Connecticut. If any term in these Terms of Use is found by competent judicial authority to be unenforceable in any respect, the validity of the remainder of these Terms of Use will be unaffected.
This Agreement together with our Privacy Policy and any other legal notices published by Greenwich Associates on this website constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof. These Terms of Use supersede any prior agreements between you and Greenwich Associates. The failure to require performance of any provision of these Terms of Use shall not affect a party's right to require performance at any time thereafter, nor shall a waiver of any breach or default of these Terms of Use constitute a waiver of any subsequent breach or default or a waiver.
If any provision herein is held unenforceable, then such provision will be modified to reflect the parties' intention, and the remaining provisions of these Terms of Use will remain in full force and effect. No agency, partnership, joint venture, employee-employer or franchisor-franchisee relationship is intended or created by these Terms of Use.
Disclaimer
From time to time, this website may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors, and we do not warrant the accuracy of any posted information. Please confirm you are using the most updated version of this website and its Content.
How to Contact Us
Questions, comments and requests regarding these Terms of Use are welcomed and should be addressed to ContactUs@greenwich.com.
You can also call us at +1 203.625.5038 or reach us by mail at Privacy Matters c/o Greenwich Associates, 6 High Ridge Park, Stamford, CT USA 06905-1327.
Contact Us
Our Company
Home
About Us
Press Releases
In the News
Events
Careers
Working @ Greenwich
Our Values
Career Opportunities
Top Reasons to Join
Insights
Greenwich Insights
Greenwich Blog
Greenwich Webinars
Contact Us
Contact Us
Offices
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Sitemap
Access Free ContentRegister
Copyright © 2020 Greenwich Associates. All rights reserved.
×
Reset / Forgot Password
Please enter your work email address below. A link to reset your password will be sent to this address within a few minutes.