https://www.mrplastic.co.uk/mr-plastic-privacy-policy/
Your Currency:
British Pound - GBP
Euro - EUR
Welcome to Mr Plastic Ltd
Home
/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Here is our privacy policy and how we comply with GDPR, PECR and the DPA.
This privacy policy sets out how Mr Plastic uses and protects any information that you give Mr Plastic when you use this website. Mr Plastic is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. Mr Plastic may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
Payment Information
We do not store credit card details nor do we share financial details with any 3rd parties. We use SagePay and PayPal to accept all payments via our website. We do not see any personal bank details, we only see amounts paid and payment method used. We do not have access to your bank or card details. SagePay and PayPal are GDPR compliant.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
When using our site our system will log the date, time, IP address and sometimes the operating system.
If you place an order via our online store our system will store your email address, name, address and telephone number in our database.
We will use this information to process and deliver your order to you.
You will only be added to our mailing list if you tick the box upon checkout. You can unsubscribe at any time by clicking the Unsubscribe button within the email.
We may share your data with companies in our order to fulfil your order only. All the companies we use are GDPR compliant. These companies are:
Royal Mail – We share name and address only so they can deliver your order.
Parcelforce – We share name, address, email address & phone number so they can deliver your order and supply you with tracking information.
Tuffnells – We share name, address, email address & phone number so they can deliver your order and supply you with tracking information.
By law, we must hold all purchase history for seven years for HMRC tax purposes.
Cookies
Our online store needs cookies to run. Cookies are used to put items in your shopping cart, allow you to log in and complete orders. For full details on the list of cookies we use see the List of cookies we collect section.
Emails
We send emails once you have completed a purchase and once we have shipped your order. We occasionally send our promotional newsletter emails via Mailchimp. These can contain discount codes and special offers. Mailchimp tracks how many emails are opened and the links within those emails. You can remove yourself from our mailing list at any time via the Unsubscribe button. Mailchimp are GDPR compliant, however as they are outside of the EU they are part of the US privacy shield.
Security
We have measures in place to protect any data you supply to us. These measures protect against data being lost, stolen or accessed without authorisation. We also monitor our systems closely and have measure in places to deal with any suspected breach.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at sales@mrplastic.co.uk
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to Mr Plastic Ltd
Greens Road,
Yaxham Road Industrial Estate,
Dereham,
Norfolk
NR20 3TG.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
List of cookies we collect
The table below lists the cookies we collect and what information they store.
COOKIE nameCOOKIE Description
CART
The association with your shopping cart.
CATEGORY_INFO
Stores the category info on the page, that allows to display pages more quickly.
COMPARE
The items that you have in the Compare Products list.
CURRENCY
Your preferred currency
CUSTOMER
An encrypted version of your customer id with the store.
CUSTOMER_AUTH
An indicator if you are currently logged into the store.
CUSTOMER_INFO
An encrypted version of the customer group you belong to.
CUSTOMER_SEGMENT_IDS
Stores the Customer Segment ID
EXTERNAL_NO_CACHE
A flag, which indicates whether caching is disabled or not.
FRONTEND
You sesssion ID on the server.
GUEST-VIEW
Allows guests to edit their orders.
LAST_CATEGORY
The last category you visited.
LAST_PRODUCT
The most recent product you have viewed.
NEWMESSAGE
Indicates whether a new message has been received.
NO_CACHE
Indicates whether it is allowed to use cache.
PERSISTENT_SHOPPING_CART
A link to information about your cart and viewing history if you have asked the site.
POLL
The ID of any polls you have recently voted in.
POLLN
Information on what polls you have voted on.
RECENTLYCOMPARED
The items that you have recently compared.
STF
Information on products you have emailed to friends.
STORE
The store view or language you have selected.
USER_ALLOWED_SAVE_COOKIE
Indicates whether a customer allowed to use cookies.
VIEWED_PRODUCT_IDS
The products that you have recently viewed.
WISHLIST
An encrypted list of products added to your Wishlist.
WISHLIST_CNT
The number of items in your Wishlist.
Delivery Information
Trustpilot Reviews
Trustpilot
Google Reviews
Quick Question
Are you a....?
DIYer
Builder / Trade Installer
Vote
Payment Options
Quick Links
My Account
Site Map
Search Terms
Advanced Search
Blog Articles
Identifying Your Existing Guttering
Gutter Compatibility Charts
600+ Kitchen/Bathroom Worktops
Cast Iron Style PVC Guttering
Bespoke Gutter Fabrication Service
Freefoam Colormax Coloured Fascia, Soffit and Trims
Premier Freefoam Stockist
CanExel Cladding
Cut-to-Size Plastic Sheeting
Fortex uPVC Cladding
PanelStyle SplashPanel PVC Wall and Ceiling Panels
Polycarbonate Multiwall Roofing Sheets
Gutter Brands Available
Installing Fascias and Soffits
Company
FAQ
Returns
Delivery
About Us
Extra Services
Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Connect With Us
Facebook
Twitter
Your Currency:
British Pound - GBP
Euro - EUR
© 2018-2020 Mr Plastic Ltd. All Rights Reserved | Company No. 031 793 41 | VAT No. 373 065 162
Dereham Showroom & Website OrdersNorwich Showroom & Head OfficeHevingham Branch
Mr Plastic Ltd
Mr Plastic Ltd
Mr Plastic Ltd
Greens Road
160-166 Oak Street
Springfield Farm
Yaxham Rd Industrial Estate
Norwich
7 Cromer Road
Dereham
Norfolk
Hevingham
Norfolk
NR3 3AY
Norfolk
NR20 3TG
NR10 5QX