https://www.wilsonresearch.com/privacy.html
Email: zachary@wilsonresearch.com
Tel.:
1-800-293-0191
ExecStats log In
Toggle navigation
Home
Services
Blog
About
Contact
Privacy Policy
General
Wilson Research Group, LLC is a consulting and market research company based in the United States.
Our primary business is conducting technology related internet based surveys.
As such we take the privacy rights and need for anonymity of our survey respondents very seriously.
Our focus is US based respondents but we do on an occasional basis survey people from all over the world.
We never sell
Personally Identifiable Information (PII).
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)
Surveys
Wilson Research Group LLC does not collect, distribute, electronically transfer, sell, or track Personally Identifiable Information (PII) within our surveys.
All survey data we collect and process for our clients is collected voluntarily from survey respondents with their approval and is always anonymous. This data is used to better products, services and professional standards.
As we do not collect PII data, it is not possible to identify individuals in any way in our survey data, research, analysis and processing. Furthermore the data we do collect is reported only in aggregate form, never on a single respondent basis. We hold all data in encrypted storage format. We respond individually to all queries about our data processing and data storage. In general, and in conformance with standard market research industry practices, we treat all respondents honestly, openly, and with due diligence in protecting their privacy and their data. We respect the rights of those who have voluntarily given of their time and sincere desire to better the products, services and professional quality of their fields.
Survey Incentives
On occasion and for US residents only we collect minimal contact information (name, email) to fulfill survey incentives.
This information is voluntary and used only to fulfill survey incentives or insure respondents do not receive duplicate survey email invitations.
It is not sold or used in any other manner.
It is stored separately from survey data and not associated with survey responses in any way.
It is encrypted and destroyed within 6 months of survey incentive fulfillment.
For added security on some surveys we send a Survey Validation Code (SVC) with an email invitation.
This code is used to make sure a respondent has been invited to take the survey and is not associated with survey responses in any way.
All our surveys are anonymous in all cases.
Our Data Security Officer (DSO) is:
Zachary Wilson
zachary@wilsonresearch.com
Toll Free: 1-800-293-0191
GDPR (European General Data Protection Regulations): We agree with and adhere to all GDPR regulations in all of our surveys and websites.
Our surveys are focused on a US market but we occasionally have survey respondents from the EU.
We do not collect personally Identifiable information within our surveys which are always anonymous.
If conducting surveys that may have EU respondents we receive consent to take the survey and process and store data in the United States.
Our surveys and websites are only for those 18 years or older. Data is reported in aggregate tables only.
Our Data Security Officer (DSO) is:
Zachary Wilson
zachary@wilsonresearch.com
Toll Free:
1-800-293-0191
Survey Privacy
All of our surveys no matter where they are conducted our kept completely anonymous as we do not collect any personally identifiable information.
We adhere to strict market research guidelines.
We do not capture IPs, browser types, or any other personally identifiable information within our surveys.
Data is reported in aggregate tables only
Only those 18 year or older are eligible to complete our surveys
For security we use SSL certificates to secure communications, intrusion monitoring software, and other standard security measures on our servers.
We employ "Data at Rest" encryption and column level encryption on our databases.
For added security on some surveys we send a Survey Validation Code (SVC) with an email invitation.
This code is used to make sure a respondent has been invited to take the survey and is not associated with survey responses in any way.
All our surveys are anonymous in all cases.
All survey data is stored and processed in the United States.
Website Privacy
What information do we collect?
We do not collect information from you when you visit our website unless you are participating in a voluntary survey or submit a contact request.
All surveys are anonymous and reported in aggregate tables only.
On occasion and for US residents only we collect contact information to fulfill survey incentives.
This information is used only to fullfill survey incentives or insure respondents do not recieve duplicate email invitations.
It is not sold, traded or used in any other manner.
It is stored seperatly from survey data and not associated with survey responses in any way.
It is encrypted and destroyed within 6 months of survey incentive fulfillment.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of our servers.
Do we use cookies?
Yes, but for only minimal website functionality.
Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
We only use cookies or session variables for internal server functions like keeping track of a single user session.
We do not use cookies to capture or track and personally identifiable information.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell or trade personally identifiable information to third parties.
If we must share information to fulfill survey incentives or insure respondents do not receive further emails, we insure our partners must adhear to our privacy policy which states it can only be used for survey incentive fulfillment or email removal and for no other reason and destroyed after 6 months.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 18 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 18 years old or older.
International Use
We are based in the United States of America.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
https://www.wilsonresearch.com
4209 Berrendo Dr
Sacramento, California
95864
Phone: 916-265-3772
Toll Free:
1-800-293-0191
© Wilson Research Group, LLC 2019. Privacy Policy | Terms of Service | California Consumer Privacy Act Graphic Copyright: nonwarit / 123RF Stock Photo