http://www.solbergmfg.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main Content
Privacy Policy
Solberg Manufacturing, Inc. including all their affiliates and subsidiaries, (Solberg), is committed to keeping any and all personal information collected of those individuals that visit our Site and make use of our online facilities and services accurate, confidential, secure and private. Our privacy policy has been designed and created to ensure those affiliated with Solberg of our commitment and realization of our obligation to meet and exceed most existing privacy standards.
THEREFORE, this Privacy Policy Agreement shall apply to Solberg and thus it shall govern any and all data collection and usage thereof. Through the use of www.solbergmfg.com you are herein consenting to the following:
Collection of Information
This Site collects various types of information, such as:
Voluntarily provided information which may include your name, address, email address, billing and/or credit card information etc., which may be used when you purchase products and/or services and to deliver the services you have requested.
Information automatically collected when visiting our Site, which may include cookies, third party tracking technologies and server logs.
This site shall only collect personal information that you knowingly and willingly provide by way of surveys, completed membership forms, and emails. It is the intent of this site to use personal information only for the purpose for which it was requested and any additional uses specifically provided on this site.
Solberg may have the occasion to collect non-personal anonymous demographic information, such as country or region as well as the type of device and browser you are using, IP address, type of operating system, etc. This information will assist us in providing and maintaining superior quality service.
Use of Information Collected
Solberg may collect and may make use of personal information to assist in the operation of our Site and to ensure delivery of the services you need and request. At times, we may use personal information as a means to keep you informed of news and developments with Solberg including general updates and product and/or service information that may be available to you from Solberg and it’s affiliates. Solberg may also be in contact with you with regards to completing surveys and/or research questionnaires related to your opinion of current or potential future services that may be offered.
Solberg does not sell, rent, or lease customer lists and/or names to any third parties. Solberg may deem it necessary to follow Sites and/or pages that their users may frequent in an effort to gleam what types of content and/or services and/or products may be the most popular to customers or the general public.
Solberg may disclose your personal information, without any prior notice to you, unless required to do in accordance to applicable laws and/or in a good faith belief that such action is deemed necessary or required in an effort to:
Remain in conformance with any decrees, laws and/or statutes or in an effort to comply with any process which may be served upon Solberg and/or its Site;
Maintain, safeguard and/or preserve all the rights and/or property of Solberg; and
Perform under demanding conditions in an effort to safeguard the personal safety of users of www.solbergmfg.com and/or the general public.
Non-Marketing Purposes
Solberg maintains and reserves the right to contact you if needed for non-marketing purposes (such as bug alerts, security breaches, account issues, and/or changes in Solberg products and services). In certain circumstances, we may use our Site or other public means to post a notice.
Unsubscribe or Opt-Out
All users and/or visitors to our Site have the option to discontinue receiving communication from us and/or reserve the right to discontinue receiving communications by way of email or newsletters. To discontinue or unsubscribe to our Site please send an email that you wish to unsubscribe to information@solbergmfg.com. If you wish to unsubscribe or opt-out from any third party websites, you must go to that specific website to unsubscribe and/or opt-out.  Solberg will continue to adhere to the privacy policy described herein with respect to any personal information previously collected.
Links to Other Web Sites
Our Site does contain links to affiliate and other websites. Solberg does not claim nor accept responsibility for any privacy policies, practices and/or procedures of other such websites. Therefore, we encourage all users and visitors to be aware when they leave our Site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. The aforementioned Privacy Policy Agreement applies only and solely to the information collected by our Site.
Security
Solberg shall take precautions to maintain adequate physical, procedural and technical security with respect to its offices and information storage facilities so as to prevent any loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure or modification of the user's personal information under our control.
The company also uses Secure Socket Layer (SSL) for authentication and private communications in an effort to build users' trust in our Site by providing simple and secure access and communication of credit card information.
Changes to Privacy Policy Agreement
Solberg reserves the right to update and/or change the terms of our privacy policy, and as such we will post those changes to our Site, so that our users and/or visitors are always aware of the type of information we collect, how it will be used, and under what circumstances, if any, we may disclose such information. If at any point in time Solberg decides to make use of any personally identifiable information on file, in a manner vastly different from that which was stated when this information was initially collected, the user or users shall be promptly notified by email. Users at that time shall have the option as to whether or not to permit the use of their information in this separate manner.
Acceptance of Terms
Through the use of this site, you are hereby accepting the terms and conditions stipulated within the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy Agreement sections. If you are not in agreement with our terms and conditions, then you should refrain from further use of our sites. In addition, your continued use of our Site following the posting of any updates or changes to our terms and conditions shall mean that you are in agreement and acceptance of such changes.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns regarding the Privacy Policy Agreement related to our
Site, please feel free to contact us at the following email, telephone number or mailing
address.
Email: Sales@solbergmfg.com
Telephone Number: 630-616-4400
Mailing Address:
Solberg Manufacturing, Inc.
1151 Ardmore Ave
Itasca, Illinois60143
June 1, 2019
Cookies are important to the proper functioning of a website. We use cookies to enhance website performance and to monitor website traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our advertising and analytic partners for marketing purposes. Visit our Cookie Policy to learn more about our use of Cookies.