http://www.businesspresentation.biz/privacy
Home
Presentation Training
Overview
1 Day Essential Presentation Skills
2 Day Effective Presentations
In-House Training
Bite Size Sessions
Personal Coaching
E-Learning
The OSRAM Approach
Demonstrations
Resources
Walk the Talk Blog
A to Z of Effective Business Presentations Blog
NEW -A to Z of Effective Business Presentations
Re-visited
Ebooks on Presenting
Articles
Top Presentation Tips
Presentation Quiz
Newsletters
About Us
Contact Us
Background
Clients & Testimonials
Privacy Policy and Legal Stuff
Google Plus Page
Privacy Policy
Young Markets will endeavour to always protect your privacy. This policy outlines what information we may capture through the website and what we may do with that information.
By entering your contact information on this site you are consenting to Young Markets storing that information and using it to contact you and your company.
We may contact you using a variety of different media including: telephone, email, fax, post or in person.
We will not sell this information or share this information with any other organisation without asking for your express consent to each and every transaction.
If at any time you no longer wish to be contacted by Young Markets or your contact information has changed, please email info@youngmarkets.co.uk and we will update our records accordingly.
This site may contain links to other sites. Young Markets is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites
If you would like to see a copy of any of your personal information held by Young Markets, please email
info@youngmarkets.co.uk from the email account given as part of your contact details.
The Business Presentation website does not currently use cookies.
Young Markets, the Young Markets logo,
are either registered trademarks or unregistered trade marks of Young Markets in England and other countries.
Legal Statement
This Website is provided on an "as is" basis.
Young Markets shall have neither liability
nor responsibility to any person or organisation with respect to any loss or
damage arising from Information or the use of Information displayed in this
Website.
Copyright
Copyright 2005- 2018 Young Markets, All rights
reserved.
Where third party material appearing in this
Website is used, copied or distributed, the copyright notice pertaining to
that third party material must also appear in all copies.
Trademarks
The trade marks and logos (the Trademarks)
used and displayed on this Website are the registered and unregistered
trademarks of Young Markets and others and may not be used in any
advertising or other publicity materials in relation to the distribution of
any information or materials obtained from this Website without the prior
written consent of the Trademark owner.
Law Governing this Website
Your use of this website and downloads from
it, and the operation of these terms and conditions, shall be governed in
accordance with the laws of England and Wales. The English courts shall have
exclusive jurisdiction over any dispute arising out of your use of this
website.
In the event that any or any part of the
terms contained in these terms and conditions shall be determined by any
competent authority to be invalid, unlawful or unenforceable to any extent,
such term shall to that extent be severed from the remaining terms which
shall continue to be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted
by law.
Sitemap         |    	   Privacy
& Legal Statement   | ©2018 Young Markets |
Email Young Markets  |
Tel: 01276 502257
|
Request a call      |