http://www.thectr.com/TermsofService/privacy_policy.htm
Privacy Policy
Information we may collect from you:
If you ask us a question through our Frequently Asked Futures Questions Service, or through our Contact page, we will receive your e-mail address (and anything else you give us in
your e-mail).  If you order a product
through our store, we will receive your name, mailing address, e-mail address,
phone number, some credit card information (but not your full credit card
number), and any other information you care to give us.  So, unless you contact us or purchase
something from us, we do not obtain any information about you when you visit
our web site.
What we do with your information:
Occasionally, we may send you an e-mail
informing you of a new product or service we have to offer.
We
may respond to your question if you e-mail us a question.
If
you order a print version of something through our store that is to be shipped
via UPS, we may send you an e-mail notifying you that your order has been
shipped.
If
you order an online course/booklet through our store, you should receive an
e-mail with a PIN for accessing the course/booklet you ordered.
If
the shipping information you provided us with is, in our opinion, incorrect, we
may try to contact you to obtain your correct shipping address, etc.
If
you fail to designate an appropriate shipping method in our online store, and
no shipping and handling are charged for an order to be physically delivered,
we will contact you.  We will provide
shipping and handling costs for and request you to approve the revised charge
to your card which will include shipping and handling costs.
If
you call us to place an order, we will use the credit card information you give
us to charge the appropriate amount for the products you order plus shipping
and handling.  If your credit card charge
is declined, or your shipping address is incorrect (in our opinion), then we
may try to contact you to obtain a different credit card number or correct
shipping address.
How do we secure the information you give us?
If you establish an account in our store or order something
from our store, your information (name, mailing address, e-mail address, phone
number, some credit card information [but not your full credit card number],
and any other information you care to give us) is stored in our Miva
Merchant 9.0 store software.  We also
input this information into our accounting software.  The computer with our accounting software is
not connected to the internet and we keep our doors locked at night.
Do we use cookies?
Yes, if you use one of our online courses, the course
software may set access cookies to restrict access to authorized users only.  Also, it is possible that the Miva Merchant
5.5 shopping cart software operating on our site may use cookies to track your
order.
Do we disclose your information to outside parties?
No, we do not sell, transfer, or trade any information we
obtain from you to any outside parties other than our credit card processing
vendor/gateway (whose purpose is to charge your credit card for your order and
deposit the money to our bank account so we can fulfill your order).  Also, trusted third parties whom we use for
technical assistance in our day-to-day operations may come into contact with
your information in the course of their technical assistance to us.  Such parties have agreed not to divulge any
information they may come in contact with while assisting us in our
operations.  Of course, if some
government bureaucracy demands that we turn over your information under threat
of force, we will comply with their demands.
Regarding links to other sites:
It is possible that we will establish links to third party
web sites, either for informational purposes or as paid advertisements.  Please be aware that those web sites may or
may not have their own privacy policies and that they may (and probably will)
differ from our privacy policy; therefore, we have no responsibility for or
liability with regard to those web sites and their behavior.
Terms and Conditions of use of our web site:
Please review the terms and conditions of use of our web
site.
Your agreement:
By using our web site, you agree to the terms of our privacy
policy.
Privacy policy changes:
If we change our privacy policy, we will post those changes
here (on this page).  This page was last
modified on October 24, 2015.
Contact us:
If you have any questions regarding this privacy policy, you
may contact us at:
Center for Futures
Education, Inc.
P.O. Box 309
Grove City, PA 16127
724-458-5860
724-458-5962 FAX