http://www.dafusa.com/DAF/Pages/privacy.html
Introduction
Diversified Alliance Funding is strongly committed
to your right to privacy. The Privacy Statement follows the guidelines set by the Online
Privacy Alliance and is in accordance with international data protection legislation. By
submitting identifying data, a visitor to our Web site is agreeing to Diversified
Alliance Funding's use of such data as described in this privacy statement. Should
you have questions however, feel free to direct these to our office via
E-mail.
Our Privacy Mission
Generally, Diversified Alliance Funding only
collects identifiable information that is specifically and voluntarily provided by a visitor
to our site. A visitor to our site may choose to provide this information to register for
certain areas of the site or make on online application. When a visitor provides this type
of identifiable information to us, we use it solely for the purposes for which it was
provided. Our policy is not to share personally identifiable information with third parties,
unless required by law, or unless explicitly requested by a visitor. We recognize that your
information is valuable and we take all reasonable measures to protect your information
while it is in our care. We use small text files called cookies to improve the overall site
experience, however, these are not used to track individual visitors to our site. The use
of cookies is now standard operating procedure for most Web sites, however if you are
uncomfortable with the use of cookies, most browsers now permit users to opt-out of
receiving them. Our full privacy policy is listed below. The policy clearly states our
commitment to creating a safe and enjoyable online experience for visitors to our site.
Privacy Statement
By submitting data on Diversified Alliance Funding's
Web site, the visitor is providing
explicit consent to transborder transmission of data
collected on the Web site for the fulfillment of their voluntary requests.
Data Collection
We collect only personally identifiable information that is
specifically and voluntarily provided by visitors to Diversified Alliance Funding's
Web site. Diversified Alliance Funding receives limited identifiable information,
such as name, Title, company address, email address, telephone and fax numbers from Web
site visitors. Typically, identifying information is collected to inquire for further
information or to provide requested services.
Demographic information, including gender and occupation, is not actively sought, but may be
submitted when a visitor responds to an online application. It is Diversified Alliance
Funding's policy to limit the information collected to only the minimum information
required to complete a visitor's request. In any instance where non-mandatory information is
sought, the Web site visitor will be notified of this at the point of collection.
Visitors are also able to send email through the site. Their messages will contain the user's
screen name and email address, as well as any additional information the user may wish to include
in the message.
Information attained by the site is used only for the intended purpose stated at the time that
the information is collected. This data is not shared with other entities in the Firm for secondary
or unrelated purposes, or shared with a third party, unless otherwise disclosed at the point of
collection. If there is an instance where such information may be shared, the visitor will be asked for
permission beforehand.
Diversified Alliance Funding makes every practical effort to avoid excessive or irrelevant collection
of data. If a visitor believes the site has collected excessive information, we encourage the visitor
to contact us via E-mail to raise any concerns.
Diversified Alliance Funding will not use personal data collected from our Web sites to facilitate
unsolicited marketing activities.
Cookies and Log Files
Cookies are not used by our web site.
If you are concerned about cookies, most browsers permit individuals to decline cookies. In most cases,
a visitor may refuse a cookie and still fully navigate our Web sites.
In order to properly manage our Web site we may anonymously log information on our operational systems,
and identify categories of visitors by items such as domains and browser types. These statistics
are reported in the aggregate to our webmasters. This is to ensure that our Web site presents the best
web experience for visitors and is an effective information resource.
Third Parties
It is Diversified Alliance Funding policy to only disclose information to
third parties under the following circumstances:
as required by law through subpoena, search warrant or other legal process
when explicitly requested by a visitor
when required to deliver publications or reference materials requested by a visitor
when required to facilitate conferences or events hosted by a third party.
Diversified Alliance Funding Web site does not collect or compile personally
identifying information for dissemination or sale to outside parties for consumer marketing purposes, or
host mailings on behalf of third parties.
Access
Each visitor has the right of access to personal data they have submitted through
the Web sites to Diversified Alliance Funding.
When personally identifiable information is retained, Diversified Alliance Funding assumes
responsibility for keeping an accurate record of the information once a visitor has submitted and verified
the data. Diversified Alliance Funding does not assume responsibility for verifying the ongoing
accuracy of the content of personal information. When practically possible, if Diversified Alliance Funding
is informed that any personal data collected through our Web site is no longer accurate, Diversified
Alliance Funding will make appropriate corrections based on the updated information provided by
the authenticated visitor.
Security Precautions
Diversified Alliance Funding makes every effort to maintain the
security of its network and the data we collect. We use state-of-the-art technology, including encryption, to
ensure the highest security standards. Any data that is stored on Diversified Alliance Funding's servers
is treated as proprietary and confidential and is not available to the public. Diversified Alliance Funding
has a strict internal security policy with respect to the confidentiality of customer and other data, limiting
access only to those employees who have a need to know such information for the purpose of effectively delivering
Diversified Alliance Funding products and services. Please keep in mind, however, that the Internet
is not a 100% secure medium. Therefore, although we use industry standards to protect information, the possibility
of somebody defeating our security measures does exist.
Miscellaneous
Children's Privacy
Diversified Alliance Funding is very sensitive to the issue
of children's privacy and makes every effort to protect the privacy of children surfing the web. Diversified
Alliance Funding's web sites, products, and services are neither developed for, nor directed at children.
If you believe your child has provided Diversified Alliance Funding with personally-identifiable data
and you would like to have the data removed, please contact us.
A Special Note About the European Union
European Union web surfers understand and consent to the processing of personal information in the United States.
Changes To Our Privacy Policy
The issue of privacy is an evolving one. Diversified Alliance Funding is committed to the constant monitoring and examination of its privacy practices, and may, from time to time, institute changes to its privacy policy. In the
event that any material changes are made to the company's privacy practices, we will promptly make changes to this
privacy policy that discloses the changes. Diversified Alliance Funding reserves the right to change,
modify, or update this statement at any time without notice.
Contacting Us
For more information, or if you have questions or concerns regarding Diversified Alliance Funding's privacy
practices, please send us an E-mail, or you can send
correspondence to the following address:
Privacy
Diversified Alliance Funding
289 Brunswick Drive
Buffalo Grove IL 60089-6762