http://www.medici.com.au/privacy/
Privacy PolicyMedici CapitalPrivacy policyMedici Capital will not use your information for any purpose outside Medici Capital. We will not sell your data. And we will cease and desist from any further contact should you inform us to do so.A core aspect of our business is our client's confidentiality. We do not divulge any information about clients we work with. Similarly, we will not reveal any information about work you have completed with us unless we receive a request from you to engage in discussions with other parties.Site Visit Data:This site is both hosted and operated by Medici Capital. Unless you log-in to Medici Express, our web stats are the only record of your access to our site.Collection of Personal Information:We will require registration to access secure areas of our site. This is required for a number of reasons including:To identify that you are a valid user of our systems;To allow you to save information on our systems;To allow us to secure your information; andTo allow us to secure our systems and processes.We maintain our systems and procedures to ensure that your information is not divulged to any party outside Medici Capital.Security of Financial Information:Financial information is only submittable to us through password protected web pages on Medici Express. The information provided is only viewable by you and Medici Capital. This information will not be divulged to any third party.Queries & Concerns:We will, at your request, provide you with access to any information which we have collected about you through this website in accordance with Information Privacy Principle 6, Privacy Act 1988 (Cth). To gain access to this information you should contact us by phone on +61 (0)3 9853 7933. If you believe that any information is inaccurate, incomplete or out of date, please contact us and we will revise the relevant information in accordance with Information Privacy Principle 7, Privacy Act 1988 (Cth).Security of Information:Your personal information will not be released unless the law requires or permits it or your permission is given. We provide a secure environment and a reliable system but you should be aware that there may be inherent risks associated with the transmission of information via the Internet. For those who do not wish to use the Internet, Medici Capital provides alternative ways of obtaining and providing valuation and financial services.Further Information:Medici Capital specialise in business valuations, finance and management consulting. Due to our expertise, specialisation and comprehensive data set, we are in a unique position to provide comprehensive financial and analytical solutions for your business and professional needs throughout your career.For further information or assistance, please contact our office on:P: 03 9853 7933F: 03 9671 3337E: Contact Medici CapitalRelated Articles:You may also be interested in the following related Knowledge Base Articles from Ask An Expert:Validating Valuations Pharmacy Returns - are pharmacy returns reasonable Why Do I Need A Business Valuation Need a Valuation?We provide nation-wide health practice valuations for over 10 banks and financial institutions.Request a valuation, or simply call us on 03 9853 7933 to see which product is best for you.Request a valuation