http://www.ellesco.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy & GDPR - Ellesco - Machinery Solutions
Ellesco Deburring & Finishing Machines
Contact phone
01202 499 400
Email
general@ellesco.co.uk
Address
Airfield Road, Christchurch, BH23 3TG
Home
About
Applications
DEBURRING
Edge Radiussing – Flat Components
Edge Radiussing – Clad Material
Slaggrinding & Laser Oxide Removal
Upstands & Prismatic Parts
Shaped Components
SURFACE FINISHING
Flat Work
Round & Shaped Components
Brushing & Polishing
STRESS RELIEVING & FLATTENING/ LEVELLING
De-stress, flatten and level
GRINDING
Weld Dressing
Calibrate & Tolerance Griding
AND…
Castings & Flash Removal
Unusual Finishes
Non-Metals Processing
Services
Servicing and Support
Parts
Consumables
COSHH & LEV
Risk Assessments
Transport, Off-loading & Siting
Dust Extraction
Filtration
Handling
Partners
TImeSavers
Autopulit
VG
KBM
Peitzmeier
Kohler
WMS Engineering
IEPC
New & Used
News
Contact
Ellesco in Ireland
Careers
Ellesco’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) Policy
In the following, “we “ refers to “Ellesco Ltd”
Which data we hold:
We only hold data on individuals where we have been given the information by the individual or where that information is published in the public domain. If we hold information on an individual it is restricted to:
Salutation and name.
Company details.
Company phone number.
Direct dial number.
Company mobile ‘phone number
Private mobile ‘phone (where we have expressly been given permission by the individual, to use it for business purposes).
Company email address.
Private email address (where we have expressly been given permission by the individual, to use it for business purposes).
How we use the data:
We do not pass any data we hold onto a third party without express permission from the individual to do so.
We use the data to stay in contact with existing customers and prospects for the purposes of:
Supplying and maintaining the machinery we provide/ have provided
Supplying consumables for the machinery we have provided
Notifying owners of machinery we have provided of any service issues we, or the manufacturer, feels we need to make them aware of.
Notifying prospective customers of changes to our range which may better suit an application previously notified to us but for which we couldn’t provide an effective solution at the time
Notifying prospective customers of any special circumstances which may make a previously non-viable project more cost effective
Notifying customers and prospects of exhibitions where machinery offer by us relating to their business activities will be on show or demonstrated.
Note: If at any time you wish to have a copy of the data we hold on you, or if you wish to have your details expunged in whole or in part, please notify us by calling (01202 499400) or emailing (general@ellesco.co.uk). We will comply with your instructions and confirm by email.
The whereabouts we hold your data:
We own a commercial, password protected CRM System which resides on a password protected on-site server. The server is backed up nightly to a secure, off-site, UK facility by our nominated i.t. provider.
All internal and external computer and software security and firewalls are installed and maintained by our nominated i.t. provider.
Website Contact forms
If you contact us through our contact form, we collect your name, email, message and any other information you supply to us.
Cookies
Cookies provide information regarding the computer used by a visitor. We use cookies where appropriate to gather information about you computer in order to assist us in improving our website.
We may gather information about your general internet use by using the cookie. Where used, these cookies are downloaded to your computer and stored on the computer hard drive. Such information will not identify you personally. It is statistical data. This statistical data does not identify any personal detail whatsoever.
You can adjust the settings on your computer to decline any cookies if you wish. This can easily be done by activating the reject cookies on your computer. However in a few cases some of our website features many not function as a result.
How we protect your data
Your data is held securely on our secure database, all access is password protected. The database is only accessible by staff with the correct access.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Third Parties
We will NOT sell your data to third parties.
How to contact us
Please contact us if you have any questions about our privacy policy or information we hold about you:
By email: general@ellesco.co.uk
WITH 40+ YEARS OF EXPERTISE BEHIND US, WE CAN SUPPLY MACHINERY, ADVICE, PARTS, CONSUMABLES AND SERVICE ACROSS A WIDE SPECTRUM OF THE METALWORKING AND MANUFACTURING INDUSTRIES. CONTACT US TODAY.
Additional Info
About Company
Our Services
Machine Solutions
Our Partners
New & Used Machines
News
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer
Contactsgeneral@ellesco.co.uk01202 499 400Airfield Road
Christchurch BH23 3TG
Ellesco © 2020. Company No. 02895297 | All Rights Reserved. e&oe.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.