https://www.tropicalfcu.com/tropical-financial-credit-union-privacy-notice?hsLang=en
Go to main content
Go to main content
Or you can call us at (888) 261-8328.
TFCU Privacy Notice
FACTS
WHAT DOES TROPICAL FINANCIAL CREDIT UNION DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Why ?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what wedo.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:• Social Security number        • Overdraft history• Transaction history                • Account transactions• Credit scores                             • Checking account informationWhen you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
How?
All financial companies need to share customers' personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers' personal information; the reasons Tropical Financial Credit Union chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does Tropical Financial Credit Union share?
Can you limit this sharing?
For our everyday business purposes -such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus.
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes -to offer our products and services to you
Yes
No
For joint marketing with other financial companies
Yes
No
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes - information about your transactions and experiences
No
We don't share
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes - information about your creditworthiness
No
We don't share
For non-affiliates to market to you
No
We don't share
Questions? | Call toll-free outside of Dade County 888-261-8328 or within Dade County 305-261-8328
What We Do
How does Tropical Financial Credit Union protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we useCredit Union protect mysecurity measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computerpersonal information?safeguards and secured files and buildings. Tropical Financial C.U. values your privacy and trust. You can count on us to do what is right in maintaining the confidentiality of your personal information.
How does Tropical Financial collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you:• Open an account                        • Make deposits or withdrawals from• Pay your bills your account     • Apply for a loan • Provide your mortgage information We also collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus,affiliates, or other companies.
Why can't I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only:• sharing for affiliates' everyday business purposes - information about your creditworthiness• affiliates from using your information to market to you • sharing for non-affiliates to market to you State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing. See below for more on your rights under state law.
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and non-financial companies.• Tropical Financial Credit Union has no affiliates.
Non-affiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and non-financial companies. • Tropical Financial Credit Union does not share with non-affiliates so they can market to you.
Joint Marketing
A formal agreement between non-affiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you. • Our joint marketing partners include insurance companies and mortgage companies.
Other Important Information
For Alaska, Illinois, Maryland and North Dakota Customers. We will not share personal information with non affiliates either for them to market to you or for joint marketing - without your authorization. For California Customers. We will not share personal information with non-affiliates either for them to market to your for joint marketing - without your authorization. We will also limit our sharing of personal information about you with our affiliates to comply with all California privacy laws that apply to us. For Massachusetts, Mississippi and New Jersey Customers. We will not share personal information from deposit or share relationships with non affiliates either for them to market to you or for joint marketing - without your authorization. For Vermont Customers. We will not share personal information with non affiliates for them to market to you without your authorization and we will not share personal information with affiliates or for joint marketing about your creditworthiness without your authorization.
To download the Privacy Notice, please click here
This credit union is federally-insured by the National Credit Union Administration. NMLS ID 407683.
DISCLOSURES  |  SECURITY  |  CONSUMER FEE SCHEDULE  |  BUSINESS FEE SCHEDULE  | ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT  | PRIVACY NOTICE | ABA ROUTING # 267077847 |  P.O. Box 829517, Pembroke Pines, FL 33082-9917  |  888-261-8328
Third Party Link Disclaimer - Linked websites are not under the control of Tropical Financial Credit Union and we are not responsible for the contents of any linked site or any link contained within a linked site. The privacy or security policies at a linked site may be different from those practiced at Tropical Financial Credit Union and you should review the privacy policy of any linked site.
Copyright 2020 Tropical Financial. All rights reserved.