https://www.niauk.org/privacy-cookies-policy/
Find outAbout UsAbout UsOverviewWhat is the NIA?Discover our work, events, and member benefits.
Case for NuclearThe UK needs a balanced mix of energy sources.
Our MembersWe represent more than 260 members.
Our PeopleFind out more about our individual backgrounds.
Who we Work WithWe work closely with several organisations.
Privacy and Cookies PolicyWebsite DisclaimerLog-in to yourMember AreaMember AreaOverviewGet InvolvedThere are many ways you can get involved with the NIA .
Member DirectoryOur comprehensive Trade Directory offers the details for all member organisations.
Business GroupsThe ideal opportunity for members to meet, network and discuss current issues.
WebinarsNIA has started a webinar programme where we have interactive conversations with industry on various topics.
NIA BoardThe NIA Board of Directors comprises senior industry representation.
Annual General Meeting23nd Annual General Meeting of the Nuclear Industry Association
Benefits of MembershipMembershipOverviewBenefits of MembershipProviding a dynamic and credible voice on behalf of its membership.
Business GroupsThe NIA runs a comprehensive series of Business Groups.
Join the NIASend a membership enquiry direct to the NIA.
IndustryIssuesIssuesOverviewThe Nuclear RoadmapRediscover NuclearNuclear Sector DealEuratomNuclear GenerationNuclear has provided the UK with electricity for more than 60 years.
New BuildThere is an urgent need to invest in low-carbon infrastructure.
DecommissioningThe UK’s first generation of nuclear power stations and early research facilities have left a legacy.
Waste ManagementProducing electricity with nuclear energy creates nuclear waste.
Supply ChainUK industry will play a key role in delivering a fleet of new nuclear power stations across Britain.
Nuclear Industry StructureExportsUK firms could capture significant share in markets around the world.
SkillsThere is a looming skills gap and the nuclear sector needs to attract young people with the right skills.
re:generationInnovation and Future TechnologyThe nuclear sector is always looking to innovate.
Explore theMedia CentreMedia CentreOverviewCOVID-19 UpdatesMember NewsRead the latest news from NIA member companies.
Press ReleasesThe latest news and comments from the NIA.
BlogBlogs from NIA staff and our members.
Myth BustingCommon myths about the nuclear sector.
VideosWatch the latest videos from the NIA on sector issues and from our conferences.
Media ContactsBrowse ourResourcesResourcesOverviewJobs Map 2020Nuclear Energy FactsBriefing PapersIndustry LinkOur quarterly magazine covering the latest developments within the nuclear industry.
PublicationsConsultation ResponsesLorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit.
Discover upcomingEventsGet inContact
Menu
Privacy and Cookies Policy
What is the NIA?
Case for Nuclear
Our Members
Our People
Who we Work With
Privacy and Cookies Policy
Website Disclaimer
This privacy policy sets out how the Nuclear Industry Association (NIA) uses and protects any information provided by you when using this website or completing a form to submit to the NIA.
NIA is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement and will only be kept for an amount of time appropriate to the circumstance.
NIA may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page regularly to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 28 March 2018.
1. Introduction
1.1       The Nuclear Industry Association (NIA) is committed to safeguarding the privacy of its website visitors and members; this policy explains how NIA will treat your personal information.
1.2       This policy applies where we are acting as a data controller with respect to the personal data of our website visitors and members; in other words, where we determine the purposes and means of the processing of that personal data.
1.3       By using our website and agreeing to this policy, you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy. You can find out about the cookies we use in Section 13.
1.4       In this policy, “we”, “us” and “our” refer to the NIA. For more information about us see Section 14 of this policy.
2. Credit
2.1       This document was created using a template from SEQ Legal.
3. Collecting personal information
3.1       NIA may collect, store and use the following kinds of personal information:
(a) Information about your visits to and use of this website (“usage data“). The usage data may include geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views and website navigation paths. The source of the usage data is Google Analytics, it is used to for the purpose of analysing the use and interaction with our website but is never processed for individual user behaviour. The legal basis for processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website.
(b) Information that you provide to NIA for the purpose of acting as main member or subscription contact, or as point of contact in your company member directory (“profile data“). The profile data includes name, job title, contact phone numbers, email and postal addresses, services and capabilities and any other relevant industry information. The legal basis for processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website, business and membership services we provide.
(c) Information that you provide to NIA for the purpose of subscribing to our email notifications and/or newsletters as well as event updates (“notification data“). The notification data includes name, job title, contact phone numbers, email and postal addresses. The legal basis for processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website, business and membership services we provide.
(d) Information contained in or related to any communication that you send us (“correspondence data“). The correspondence data may include emails, forms and/or letters associated with the communication. The correspondence data may be processed for the purposes of communicating with you and record-keeping. The legal basis for processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website, business and communications with members and users.
(e) For the general public personal details will only be used when provided by you in response to requests for information. At no point will NIA keep the information provided on file unless you have joined a specific mailing list or request future updates, in which case you may opt out of receiving information from NIA at any time by updating your preferences or by emailing at info@niauk.org.
3.2       We may process any of your personal data identified in this policy where necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the protection and assertion of our legal rights, your legal rights and the legal rights of others.
3.3       We In addition to the specific purposes for which we may process your personal data set out in this Section 3, we may also process any of your personal data where such processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
3.4       Please do not supply any other person’s personal data to us. Indirect consent to personal data processing and storage is not permitted.
4. How we use your personal information
4.1       Personal information submitted to NIA through its website will be used for the purposes specified in this policy or on the relevant pages of the website.
4.2      NIA may use your personal information to:
(a) administer its website and business;
(b) send statements, invoices and payment reminders to you, and collect payments from you;
(c) send you non-marketing commercial communications;
(d) send you email notifications that you have specifically requested;
(e) send you its email newsletters, if you have requested it (you can inform NIA at any time if you no longer require the newsletter);
(f) send you marketing communications relating to NIA business or the businesses of carefully-selected third parties which it thinks may be of interest to you, specifically with regards to NIA services, offers for events or relevant industry updates (you can inform NIA at any time if you no longer require marketing communications);
(g) deal with enquiries and complaints made by or about you relating to its website;
(h) keep its website secure and prevent fraud;
(i) verify compliance with the terms and conditions governing the use of its website; and
(j) contact you for specific NIA projects such as the Jobs Map or Trade Directory.
4.3      If you submit personal information for publication on the NIA website, it will publish and otherwise use that information in accordance with the licence you grant to it.
4.4      NIA will not, without your express consent, supply your personal information to any third party for the purpose of their or any other third party’s direct marketing.
5. Disclosing personal information
5.1       NIA may disclose your personal information to any of its employees, professional advisers, or members insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this policy.
5.2       NIA may disclose your personal information:
(a) to the extent that NIA are required to do so by law;
(b) in connection with any ongoing or prospective legal proceedings;
(c) in order to establish, exercise or defend its legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk);
(d) to any person who NIA reasonably believe may apply to a court or other competent authority for disclosure of that personal information where, in its reasonable opinion, such court or authority would be reasonably likely to order disclosure of that personal information.
5.4       Except as provided in this policy, NIA will not provide your personal information to third parties.
6. International transfers of your personal information
6.1       In this Section 6, we provide information about the circumstances in which your personal data may be transferred to countries outside the European Economic Area (EEA).
6.2      NIA use MailChimp to host its contact database and newsletter service. MailChimp is situated in the United States of America (USA). The European Commission has made an “adequacy decision” with respect to the data protection laws of each of the USA. Transfers to the USA will be protected by appropriate safeguards, namely EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework, for which MailChimp have certified agreement.
6.3      You acknowledge that personal data that you submit for publication through our website or services may be available, via the internet, around the world. We cannot prevent the use or misuse of such personal data by others.
6.4      You expressly agree to the transfers of personal information described in this Section 6.
7. Retaining personal information
7.1       This Section 7 sets out NIA’s data retention policies and procedure, which are designed to help ensure that it complies with its legal obligations in relation to the retention and deletion of personal information.
7.2      Personal information that NIA process for any purpose or purposes shall not be kept for longer than is necessary for that purpose or those purposes.
7.3      Without prejudice to Section 7.2, NIA will delete personal data if you are a member company at the end of its membership, or you are a non-member who no longer wishes to receive information through its email notifications and newsletters.
7.4      Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Section 7, NIA will retain documents (including electronic documents) containing personal data:
(a) to the extent that it is required to do so by law;
(b) if NIA believe that the documents may be relevant to any ongoing or prospective legal proceedings; and
(c) in order to establish, exercise or defend its legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk).
8. Security of personal information
8.1       NIA will take reasonable technical and organisational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information.
8.2       NIA will store all the personal information you provide on its secure (password- and firewall-protected) servers.
8.3       You acknowledge that the transmission of information over the internet is inherently insecure, and NIA cannot guarantee the security of data sent over the internet.
8.5       You are responsible for keeping the password you use for accessing its website confidential; NIA will not ask you for your password (except when you log in to its website).
9. Amendments
9.1       We may update this policy from time to time by publishing a new version on our website.
9.2       You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes to this policy.
9.3       NIA may notify you of changes to this policy by email or through our newsletters.
10. Your rights
10.1       In this Section 10, we have summarised the rights that you have under data protection law. Some of the rights are complex, and not all of the details have been included in our summaries. Accordingly, you should read the relevant laws and guidance from the regulatory authorities for a full explanation of these rights. Visit https://ico.org.uk/for-the-public/ for further information.
10.2       Your principal rights under data protection law are:
(a)    the right to access;
(b)    the right to rectification;
(c)    the right to erasure;
(d)    the right to restrict processing;
(e)    the right to object to processing;
(f)    the right to data portability;
(g)    the right to complain to a supervisory authority; and
(h)    the right to withdraw consent.
10.3       You have the right to confirmation as to whether or not we process your personal data and, where we do, access to the personal data, together with certain additional information. That additional information includes details of the purposes of the processing, the categories of personal data concerned and the recipients of the personal data. Providing the rights and freedoms of others are not affected, we will supply to you a copy of your personal data. Please contact info@niauk.org.
10.4       You have the right to have any inaccurate personal data about you rectified and, taking into account the purposes of the processing, to have any incomplete personal data about you completed.
10.5       In some circumstances you have the right to the erasure of your personal data without undue delay. Those circumstances include: the personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed; you withdraw consent to consent-based processing; you object to the processing under certain rules of applicable data protection law; the processing is for direct marketing purposes; and the personal data have been unlawfully processed. However, there are exclusions of the right to erasure. The general exclusions include where processing is necessary: for compliance with a legal obligation; or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
10.6       In some circumstances you have the right to restrict the processing of your personal data. Those circumstances are: you contest the accuracy of the personal data; processing is unlawful but you oppose erasure; we no longer need the personal data for the purposes of our processing, but you require personal data for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims; and you have objected to processing, pending the verification of that objection. Where processing has been restricted on this basis, we may continue to store your personal data. However, we will only otherwise process it: with your consent; for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims; for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person; or for reasons of important public interest.
10.7       You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data on grounds relating to your particular situation, but only to the extent that the legal basis for the processing is that the processing is necessary for: the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of any official authority vested in us; or the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us or by a third party. If you make such an objection, we will cease to process the personal information unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms, or the processing is for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
10.8       You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes (including profiling for direct marketing purposes). If you make such an objection, we will cease to process your personal data for this purpose.
10.9       You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for scientific or historical research purposes or statistical purposes on grounds relating to your particular situation, unless the processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out for reasons of public interest.
10.10      To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal data is:
(a)    consent; or
(b)    that the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are party or in order to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract,
and such processing is carried out by automated means, you have the right to receive your personal data from us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. However, this right does not apply where it would adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.
10.11       If you consider that our processing of your personal information infringes data protection laws, you have a legal right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority responsible for data protection. You may do so in the EU member state of your habitual residence, your place of work or the place of the alleged infringement.
10.12       To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal information is consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. Withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of processing before the withdrawal.
10.13       You may exercise any of your rights in relation to your personal data by written notice to us.
10.14       In practice, you will usually either expressly agree in advance to NIA‘s use of your personal information for marketing purposes, or it will provide you with an opportunity to opt out of the use of your personal information for marketing purposes.
11. Third party websites
11.1       Our website includes hyperlinks to, and details of, third party websites.
11.2       We have no control over, and are not responsible for, the privacy and cookies policies and practices of third parties.
12. Updating personal information
12.1       Please let us know if the personal information held about you needs to be corrected or updated. You can contact info@niauk.org or call 020 7766 6640 to update your personal information.
13. About cookies
13.1       A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.
13.2       Cookies may be either “persistent” cookies or “session” cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.
13.3       Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.
14. Cookies we use
14.1       We use both session and persistent cookies on our website.
14.2       The names of the cookies used on the our website, and the purposes for which they are used, are set out below:
Google Analytics
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to membership and public information needs. We only use Google Analytics for the purpose of statistical analysis and cookies used by Google Analytics do not record any personal information about site visitors. Full details on cookies used by Google Analytics can be found here.
Name: _ga Expires: 2 Years
We use Google Analytics to track usage of our site, the software requires cookies to be enabled to distinguish between users. No personal information is collected by Google Analytics or stored in cookies set by the software.
Name: __utmaExpires: 2 Years
Used to distinguish users and sessions. The cookie is created when the javascript library executes and no existing __utma cookies exists. The cookie is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics.
Name: __utmbExpires: 30 Mins
Used to determine new sessions/visits. The cookie is created when the javascript library executes and no existing __utmb cookies exists. The cookie is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics.
Name: __utmcExpires: End of Browser Session
Used to determine whether the user was in a new session/visit.
Name: __utmzExpires: 6 Months
Stores the traffic source or campaign that explains how the user reached your site. The cookie is created when the javascript library executes and is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics.
Name: __utmvExpires: 2 Years
Used to store visitor-level custom variable data. The cookie is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics.
PHP
Name: PHPSESSIDExpires: End of Browser Session
Set by PHP and used to identify individual users of this site.
WordPress
Name: wordpress_logged_inExpires: End of Browser Session
Used to keep a user logged in.
Name: wp-settings-1, wp-settings-time-1, wp-settings-time-10Expires: 1 Year
The above are used for settings in WordPress and are all kept for 1 year.
YouTube
NIA embed YouTube videos on its website which are subject to Google’s cookies policy. For more information about how YouTube uses cookies and what information they collect, visit http://www.google.com/policies/privacy.
ISSUU
NIA embed an ISSUU reader on its website to display some publications which are subject to ISSUU’s cookies policy. For more information about how ISSUU uses cookies and what information they collect, visit http://issuu.com/legal/privacy.
15. Managing cookies
15.1       Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies and to delete cookies. The methods for doing so vary from browser to browser, and from version to version. You can however obtain up-to-date information about blocking and deleting cookies via these links:
(a) https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en (Chrome);
(b) https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences (Firefox);
(c) http://www.opera.com/help/tutorials/security/cookies/ (Opera);
(d) https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies (Internet Explorer);
(e) https://support.apple.com/kb/PH21411 (Safari); and
(f) https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-10-microsoft-edge-and-privacy (Edge).
15.2       Blocking all cookies will have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites.
15.3       If you block cookies, you may not be able to use all the features on our website.
16. Data protection registration
16.1       NIA is registered as a data controller with the UK Information Commissioner’s Office.
16.2       Its data protection registration number is ZA034795.
17. Company details
17.1       This website is owned and operated by Nuclear Industry Association (NIA).
17.2       Nuclear Industry Association is a company limited by guarantee registered in England No. 2804518.  Registered Office: 5th Floor, Tower House, 10 Southampton Street, London WC2E 7HA.
17.3       NIA’s principal place of business is at 5th Floor, Tower House, 10 Southampton Street, London WC2E 7HA.
17.4       You can contact NIA by writing to the business address given above, by email to info@niauk.org or by telephone on +44 (0)20 7766 6640.