http://www.wirebelt.com/help-centre/inspection-and-installation-check-list
Toggle navigation
English
Spanish
Products
Help Center
About Us
Contact Us
The Trusted Metal Conveyor Belt Manufacturer™
Call Me Now
Find a Local Rep
(603) 644-2500
English
Spanish
< Help Center
Filter By:
BASIC VIEW
DETAIL VIEW
Search for:
Inspection and installation check list
Yes
No
Before you begin joining make sure:
1. The power to conveyor is disconnected
2. Wear safety glasses
3. Correct replacement belt is selected
4. Correct tools are on hand
5. All tensioning mechanisms are released
6. Belt is threaded onto conveyor right (smooth) side up
7. Loop edges curve back away from direction on belt travel
8. Belt edges are tied together with wire, twine, or a plastic wire tie
Yes
No
After joining/installation is completed:
9. Check drive sprocket alignment for 1/8" to 3/16" clearance with Z-bends (belt joints)
10. Check sprocket teeth alignment (Not needed if shaft is "keyed")
11. Check position of wear strips and adjust if making contact with Z-bends (belt joints)
12. Check belt tracking in grooved end rolls and transfer rollers
13. Re-tighten/adjust tension
14. Test tracking by running belt without product; adjust belt
15. Check for proper disposal of old wire and all wire pieces
16. Return tools to proper storage location
Yes
No
Conveyor safety check:
17. Are the operating instructions clearly listed and posted?
18. Are they safety guards adequate to prevent accident and injury?
19. Are the limit switches and alarms working?
20. Do the personnel know the location of the emergency stop/control switches?
Yes
No
Routine maintenance inspection and evaluation:
21. Check belt surface for bent or broken wire strands; straighten or repair immediately
22. Check joining clips (if used) for wear/damage
23. Check all conveyor components for excessive wear (drive sprockets, blanks, wear strips, etc.) and replace if needed
24. Check sprocket alignment for 1/8" to 3/16" clearance
25. Check sprocket teeth alignment (Not needed if shaft is "keyed")
26. Check position of wear strips and adjust if making contact with Z-bends (belt joints)
27. Check belt tracking in grooved end rolls and transfer rollers
28. Check tension; adjust tension mechanisms as necessary
29. Check levelness of conveyor frame
30. Test tracking by running belt slowly without product
North & South America
Change Region
Product & Support information on this site is intended for North America, South America, and the Caribbean. For other areas, please visit the appropriate site below:
Wire Belt Company Osterloh GmbH
Serving Germany, Austria, Switzerland, Russia, and Eastern Europe
wirebelt.de
Wire Belt Co. Ltd.
Serving the United Kingdom, Western Europe, Africa, Asia, and Australasia
wirebelt.co.uk
Products
Conveyor Belts
Conveyors
Drive Components
Weldless Jack Chains
Accessories
Help Center
12 Potential Causes of Downtime
Conveyor Frame
Belt Drive Best Practices
Inspection and Installation Check List
Belt Cleaning Fundamentals
Reverse Bends
Typical Conveyor Layouts
About Us
News & Events
Our History
Our Culture and People
Certifications, Policies, & Awards
Careers
Contact Us
Request a Quote
Contact Support
Find a Local Representative
© 2020 Wire Belt Company of America • 154 Harvey Road, Londonderry, NH 03053
ISO 9001:14001 Registered • Phone: 603-644-2500 | Fax: 603-644-3600
Privacy Shield Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
By using this Website, and/or requesting further information or a quote on this Website or through other means, or checking the terms and conditions box, you agree to the WBCA and HB Terms and Conditions set forth below, including, without limitation, the Privacy Policy
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube