http://www.kaemark.com/products/privacy-panels
TALK TO US: 979.542.3651
Close menu
Main menu
Home
Products
Search
Menu
0
image/svg+xml
background
Layer 1
Sale
Layer 1
Sold Out
Privacy Panels
Features & Benefits
Shipping & Return Policies
Terms & Conditions
Kaemark American-Made Privacy Panels are the perfect solution to add a barrier between styling stations, wash stations, or other areas of your salon, spa, or barbershop. These units are manufactured in the United States and are constructed with a fir and hardwood infrastructure wrapped with black or white commercial-grade laminate. These Privacy Panels can be customized with your choice of black or white laminate, locking castors, and/or logo.
If you would like a custom logo, a sales representative will contact you directly. Please have a vector image ready. Custom logos may add up to three additional weeks for production.
Dimensions
Without Castors
H: 60" | W: 31" | D: 12"
With Castors
H: 63" | W: 31" | D: 12"
Disclaimer: We have done our best to represent product colors accurately online, but the color calibration of computer monitors can vary considerably. The photographs are close representations of the actual color, however, due to photographic reproduction limitations, exact color is difficult to obtain. Actual samples should always be viewed before making a final decision. Please note: some images may be digitally edited or rendered. All photographs and content on this website remain the property of Kaemark. Images may not be downloaded, copied, reproduced, or used in any way without prior written consent. Kaemark owns the copyright of the photographs.
Shipping Policy
DELIVERY & FREIGHT
Kaemark strives for the timely delivery of products. In many cases, Kaemark is dependent upon vendors and freight carriers to produce and deliver the products in good condition and in a timely manner. Kaemark is not liable for any damages, monetary or otherwise, due to production delays, freight delays, re-routing, or freight damages. All sales are FOB Giddings, TX.
Freight Charges INCLUDE lift gate, but DO NOT INCLUDE INSIDE DELIVERY. Purchaser must have the required manpower to remove the freight from the lift gate. If purchaser requests any additional services from the freight carrier at the time of delivery, Purchaser is responsible for those charges. Please contact your account manager for other delivery options and the fees associated with them.
Purchaser’s Delay in Shipping Orders not allowed to ship within 10 days of original ship date will incur additional storage charges. Should purchaser delay the shipment so that it does not ship in the current year, purchaser will be responsible for the property tax associated with the  order.
Agreement to Inspect & Report Damage All items leave Kaemark in brand new and working condition. It is possible for items to be damaged during shipping, the purchaser is required to do a detailed inspection of boxes and goods upon delivery. Any damage must be reported to your account manager immediately, but in no event later than 48 hours. Use the packing slip as a reference. All damages or the appearance of damage on the packaging must be noted on the delivery driver's paperwork prior to signing for the order. Replacement goods cannot be ordered without notation of damages on the shipping documents. Take pictures of the damages, including the packaging and product so that your claim can be processed. NMFC regulations allow only 4 days to report concealed damage to the carrier, so you must report any damage promptly. Failure to timely report damage, may result in additional fees to purchaser for replacement and freight costs.  Kaemark is not responsible for any damages not reported to the account manager within 48 hours of delivery.  If purchaser uses their own carrier then purchaser is responsible for all risks, freight insurance, reporting to the carrier, etc.
RETURNS/ REFUNDS/EXCHANGES
Warranty Returns- If the warranty applies (see warranty section) only defective parts will be replaced. Labor costs are not covered. All defective merchandise must be returned to Kaemark to receive warranty credit. All freight costs on warranty issues that occur (and Kaemark notified) within 30 days of delivery will be the responsibility of Kaemark in both directions. After 30 days of delivery, the purchaser is responsible for the freight to return the defective products to Kaemark for the remainder of the first year. After the first year, purchaser is responsible for all freight (both to and from). Warranty applies only to original purchaser and is not transferable. Pictures may be required as evidence of the defective part. Should purchaser have to return an item or component that is still under warranty, Kaemark will send a Call Tag with an RMA (Return Merchandise Authorization) reference number. Purchaser must reference the RMA reference number on the outside of the box prior to returning.  The items must be received back to Kaemark within 45 days of the receipt of the RMA to receive credit.  No credit will be issued after 45 days.  To ensure timely return of defective parts, in some cases, Kaemark must charge before sending out a replacement part, and once the defective part is returned, purchaser will be refunded the original charge.
Non-Warranty Product Returns- Non warranty products must be returned within 30 days of delivery. Kaemark must receive the product in un-used and new condition and in its original packaging. Purchaser is responsible for freight.  A 3% transaction fee and a 20% restocking fee will be charged for all returns.  This amount will be deducted from the refund.  An RMA Number is REQUIRED for all returns. Before shipping the product , contact Kaemark at 979-542-3651. to receive your RMA number. Please note that Custom and Non-Stock items are not returnable and not refundable.
Exchange.  If an exchange is requested due to purchaser’s mistake, purchaser is responsible for all freight charges. Prior shipping the new product, purchaser is required to pay for the exchanged item.  Upon Kaemark’s receipt of the returned item in new condition, purchaser will be refunded the amount paid for the replacement. Restocking fees may apply. Please note that Custom and Non-Stock items are not returnable and not refundable.
If purchaser requests an exchange of equipment due to Kaemark’s mistake, Kaemark will pay for the freight charges associated with the return. Purchaser is still required to pay for the new equipment. Once Kaemark receives the returned product in new condition the payment will be refunded.
Non-Stock Orders are Non-Returnable/ Non-Refundable.  Non-Stock goods are defined as goods not stored in the Kaemark distribution center. Non-Stock goods are not returnable and nonrefundable.
CUSTOM PRODUCED GOODS OR SPECIAL ORDER ITEMS are Not returnable/Not Refundable
The typical timeline to manufacture custom goods is 8 to 12 weeks upon order receipt.  This timeline is an estimate because many factors outside of Kaemark’s control may affect the timeline.
Upon placing an order, purchaser acknowledges and represents that all line drawings, dimensions, color selections, laminates etc.…have been reviewed and approved.
Special Order Items or Custom Goods cannot be changed or canceled after 5 business days.
Changes to orders “in-process” may incur additional charges.
Deposits are non-refundable once material purchasing and production have begun.
TERMS & CONDITIONS
PAYMENT
To place an order, a 50% down payment of the total cost is required.  Payments are accepted by one of the following methods: credit card, lease, ACH, pre-authorized check or financing agreement. Credit card payments require an additional 3% for processing fees for using Visa, MasterCard, or Discover and 3.5% for
American Express. The balance is due in full prior to arranging for shipping. Deposits are not refundable once material purchasing and production begins. Installation is not included in the quote.  If you would like installation, check with your account manager for a quote.
Credit Card Chargebacks. A credit card charge back is treated as a breach of contract and Kaemark will pursue all remedies in law and equity including its attorneys’ fees in connection with the collection of the amount owing.
Returned Check/ACH. Purchaser is responsible for all fees associated with the returned check or ACH. Additionally, if the funds are not paid within 3 business days, the returned check or ACH will be treated as a breach of contract and Kaemark will pursue all remedies in law and equity including its attorneys’ fees in connection with the collection of the amount owing.
SALES TAX
Tax is an estimate and may change at final invoice due to possible taxation of freight, municipal tax changes etc. Should Kaemark's calculation be incorrect, purchaser is responsible for any additional taxes or fees charged in connection with the order. Upon notification that the proper amount of tax was not charged, Kaemark will send an invoice (net 30 days) to purchaser for the additional tax money due.
DELIVERY & FREIGHT
Kaemark strives for the timely delivery of your goods. In many cases, Kaemark is dependent upon vendors and freight carriers to produce and deliver our products in good condition and in a timely manner. In the unfortunate event that your shipment is delayed, Kaemark is not liable for any damages, monetary or otherwise, due to production delays, freight delays, re-routing or freight damages. All sales are FOB Giddings, TX.
Freight Charges DO NOT INCLUDE LIFT GATE OR INSIDE DELIVERY unless otherwise noted and paid for.
Purchaser must have the required manpower to remove the freight from the truck. Purchaser is responsible for any additional freight charges due to purchaser’s request at the time of delivery. Please contact your account manager for other delivery options and the fees associated with them.
Purchaser’s Delay in Shipping Orders not allowed to ship within 10 days of original ship date will incur additional storage charges. Should purchaser delay the shipment so that it does not ship in the current year, purchaser will be responsible for the property tax associated with the  order.
Agreement to Inspect & Report Damage All items leave Kaemark in brand new and working condition. It is possible for items to be damaged during shipping, the purchaser is required to do a detailed inspection of boxes and goods upon delivery. Any damage must be reported to your account manager immediately, but in no event later than 48 hours. Use the packing slip as a reference. All damages or the appearance of damage on the packaging must be noted on the delivery driver's paperwork prior to signing for the order. In the event damage occurs during shipping or delivery, replacement goods cannot be ordered without notation of damages on the shipping documents. Take pictures of the damages, including the packaging and product so that your claim can be processed. NMFC regulations allow only 4 days to report concealed damage to the carrier, so you must report any damage promptly. Failure to timely report damage, may result in additional fees to purchaser for replacement and freight costs.  Kaemark is not responsible for any damages not reported to the account manager within 48 hours of delivery.
RETURNS/ REFUNDS/EXCHANGES
Warranty Returns- If the warranty applies (see warranty section) only defective parts will be replaced. Labor costs are not covered. All defective merchandise must be returned to Kaemark to receive warranty credit. All freight costs on warranty issues that occur within 30 days of delivery will be the responsibility of Kaemark in both directions. After 30 days of delivery, the purchaser is responsible for the freight to return the defective products to Kaemark for the remainder of the first year. After the first year, purchaser is responsible for all freight (both to and from). Warranty applies only to original purchaser and is not transferable. Pictures may be required as evidence of the defective part.
Should purchaser have to return an item or component that is still under warranty, Kaemark will send a Call Tag with an RMA (Return Merchandise Authorization) reference number. Purchaser must reference the RMA reference number on the outside of the box prior to returning.  The items must be received back to Kaemark within 45 days of the receipt of the RMA to receive credit.  No credit will be issued after 45 days.
Non-Warranty Product Returns- Non warranty products must be returned within 30 days of delivery. Kaemark must receive the product in un-used and new condition and in its original packaging. Purchaser is responsible for freight.  A 30% fee for processing and restocking will be charged for all returns.  This amount will be deducted from the refund.  An RMA Number is REQUIRED for all returns. Before shipping the product, contact Kaemark at 979-542-3651., to receive your RMA number. Please note that Millwork, Custom and Non-Stock items are not returnable and not refundable.
Exchange.  Purchaser is responsible all freight charges if an exchange is requested due to purchaser’s mistake. Prior shipping the new product, purchaser is required to pay for the exchanged item.  Upon Kaemark’s receipt of the returned item in good condition, purchaser will be refunded the amount paid for the replacement. Processing and restocking fees may apply. Please note that  Millwork, Custom and Non-Stock items are not returnable and not refundable.
If purchaser requests an exchange of equipment due to Kaemark’s mistake, Kaemark will pay for the freight charges associated with the return. Purchaser is still required to pay for the new equipment, until Kaemark receives the returned product in new condition. At that time the payment will be refunded.
Non-Stock Orders are Non-Returnable/ Non-Refundable.  Non-Stock goods are defined as goods not stored in the Kaemark distribution center. Non-Stock goods are not returnable and nonrefundable
MILLWORK, CUSTOM PRODUCED GOODS OR SPECIAL ORDER ITEMS-Non-Returnable/Non-Refundable
The typical timeline to manufacture custom goods is 8 weeks upon order receipt.  Eight (8) weeks is an estimated time because many factors outside of Kaemark’s control may affect the timeline.
Upon placing an order, purchaser acknowledges and represents that all line drawings, dimensions, color selections, laminates etc.…have been reviewed and approved .
Millwork, Special Order Items or Custom Goods cannot be changed or canceled after 5 business days.
Changes to orders “in-process” may incur additional charges.
Deposits are non-refundable once material purchasing and production have begun.
LIMITED WARRANTY
Kaemark’s Warranty for its products is limited to the original purchaser and to the remedies of repair or replacement (no Labor) which shall constitute the exclusive remedies available under this Warranty; all other remedies or recourse which might otherwise be available are hereby waived by the Purchaser. Purchaser understands that no cash refunds will be made and Kaemark and its distributors are not responsible for any labor costs associated with replacement.
Kaemark and its distributors will have no further obligations or liability for damages arising out of or in connection with the use or performance of the product, including, without limitation, damages for personal injury and/or economic losses. In NO event shall Kaemark and its distributors be liable for consequential or incidental damages resulting from the breach of any implied or express warranties. Any applicable implied warranties including warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose are hereby limited in duration to the warranty periods for the product.
The warranty shall not come into effect and Kaemark will have no obligations under this warranty, unless and until Kaemark and its distributors are PAID in FULL for the products to be warranted hereunder.  Once full payment is received the warranty period begins to run from the date of shipment from Kaemark’s warehouse.
Warranty Exclusions. Kaemark’s warranty obligations shall not apply to defects caused by ordinary wear and tear, insufficient maintenance or improper operation or use. This warranty does not extend to any products: (a) that have been subject to misuse, neglect, abuse, improper storage, accident, or that have not been properly maintained; (b) that weight restrictions have not been adhered to (c) that have been modified by any Third Party; (d) that have been disassembled, serviced, or reassembled by any Third Party, (e) that are improperly plumbed or installed, [plumbing or electrical work must be performed by licensed professionals or warranty is voided] (f).  that have damage caused by discoloration, fading, staining of vinyl or laminates, and (g) that have damage caused by accident, fire, lightning, acts of God or other hazards outside of Kaemark’s control.
Staining of equipment is not covered under warranties and is considered normal wear and tear. The use of permanent hair color in salons creates the possibility of permanent stains. Stains can be reduced by the immediate cleaning of contacted materials but are not warranted when they do happen. Please keep this in mind when making your vinyl choices. See Kaemark’s Care of Products https://kaemark.com/pages/warranty-care
EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THE MANUFACTURER’S LIMITED WARRANTY ABOVE, KAEMARK DISCLAIMS ALL OTHER WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, IN FACT OR IN LAW, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
The warranty period begins at the date of shipment from Kaemark’s warehouse. All Kaemark products are warranted for a period of one year except the following:
The HS10-GB Base and the H1-C Hydraulic pump have a 5-year warranty.
The Reclining Mechanism has a 3-year warranty.
Dryers are warranted for one year except when failure is due to NOT changing the dryer filter every 4-6 months.
Products Not Manufactured by Kaemark (excluding Savvy Products).  Kaemark and its distributors are not responsible nor make any representations concerning products that are NOT manufactured by Kaemark.  Purchaser must look to the manufacture of the product for any warranty on the product.
PRODUCT CARE AND RESTRICTIONS -Purchaser acknowledges reviewing the Product care restrictions.  (Please note that improper care and preventative maintenance of your products may void any warranty.) https://kaemark.com/pages/warranty-care
Care and Restrictions are outlined below:
Weight Restriction for Kaemark U.S. Made Chairs: Static Weight capacity 300 lbs. for dryer, shampoo and styling chairs.  NOTE: Make sure that the chair is in the lowest position for the customer to initial sit and to get out of the chair. Stylist may consider assisting client out of the chair so as to avoid client pushing outward on the arm rests
Weight Restriction for Kaemark Import/Savvy Chairs/Other Manufacturers: Static Weight capacity 250 lbs. for dryer, shampoo and styling chairs.  NOTE: Make sure that the chair is in the lowest position for the customer to initial sit and to get out of the chair. Stylist may consider assisting client out of the chair so as to avoid client pushing outward on the arm rests.
New Chair: Before putting hydraulic unit into service, pump unit all the way up and let it all the way down 8-10 times to ensure the shaft and seals inside have been properly lubricated. Occasionally hydraulic bases are in storage for a few months causing the oil from the pump shaft settle down into the pump. Pumping it up and down several times will re-lubricate the shaft and seals
Continuing Preventative Maintenance & Care
Perform regular maintenance on the hydraulic pump chairs. EVERY TWO MONTHS pump the chair all the way up and let it come all the way down 8-10 times every 60 days. This will ensure proper lubrication.
EVERY MONTH check the nuts and bolts to the chair because they can become loose or fall off during constant use. Tighten any loose bolt but do not overtighten. If a chair seems to be wobbly or unstable, STOP USE IMMEDIATELY UNTIL REPAIRED, call Kaemark and a technician can assist you if required.
If there is any part of the chair, that is not functioning correctly or remains loose after performing the proper maintenance, STOP USE IMMEDIATELY and contact Kaemark for further instructions.
When cleaning salon floors, be sure to pull the pump treadle up to set it in a lock position BEFORE moving hydraulic chairs. If you lift up on the chair top without locking the pump treadle you will pull the hydraulic shaft up from the pump allowing air to seep into the pump. Should this happen, you will need to pump the chair all the way up and continue pumping three or four strokes while it is up to “bleed” the air out of the unit. Let the chair all the way down and pump it all the way up again several times and your hydraulic pump should function properly. Please note that even if the pump treadle is in locked position, it does not lock the chair top to the base so do not lift the chair top only because the base may fall out.
Detergents should never be used on a regular basis for normal cleaning. Kaemark recommends repeated rinsing with clear water after any cleaning procedure. This includes citrus based and powder abrasive cleaners.
Direct contact with paint strippers will remove the print pattern from vinyl. Paint strippers are very corrosive. Take care to avoid skin contact by wearing protection.
Steel wool, and industrial strength cleaners are not recommended for vinyl.
Any lacquer solvent will cause immediate irreparable damage to the vinyl.
Wax should never be used on any vinyl upholstery, as it will cause premature embrittlement and cracking.
If flammable solvents such as alcohol, turpentine or mineral spirits are used for cleaning, then only small quantities should be applied in a well-ventilated area. Exercise proper care by advising personnel in the area and keep away from any ignition source. Always wear protective gloves.
Plumbing
Installation- check your local plumbing codes before installing. Kaemark cannot be held responsible for knowing the local plumbing codes in all jurisdictions. Any plumbing not performed by a licensed plumber will void the warranty, if any.
Faucet Assembly-Teflon tape (not supplied) or other approved pipe sealant must be applied to all connections and copper tubing. These connectors and tubing can become loose in shipping. Tighten and inspect all connections before the water is turned on.
Leaks can affect your pipes and water pressure and can cause damage to your facility if not addressed immediately. MONTHLY you are responsible to check for leaks by inspecting your hoses, cabinets and surrounding areas. Look for signs of moisture, such as puddles of water, water marks, a musty smell and mold growth.  MONTHLY check your hoses for wear and tear and replace if needed.
If you have extremely cold weather, you can take precautionary steps to reduce the risk of freezing. You may leave your cabinet doors that house the pipes open to allow warm air inside. Allow the water to trickle from each faucet when temperatures are extremely cold.
Electrical
All electrical work must be done by a licensed electrician. Do not attempt to make any repairs or modifications on your own.  Any electrical work not performed by a licensed electrician will void the warranty, if any.
Power Strip: DO NOT connect the power strip to an ungrounded outlet. DO NOT use the power strip with 2-wire extension cords or adapters.  This power strip is designed for indoor use only. Install the power strip away from heat-emitting appliances such as radiators or heat registers.  Do not install where excessive moisture is present.  Do not plug extension cords into the power strip.  Do not drill into any part of the housing or open the housing for any reason. There are no user-serviceable parts inside.
Do not plug in equipment that draws more total amps than your Power Strip’s amperage rating or you will trip the circuit breaker.
Laminate Surfaces/Cabinetry
All cabinetry and millwork must be properly installed as required for safety and code. Units attached to the wall must use proper anchors and/or requires proper blocking.  If you have any doubts, make sure a professional carpenter is doing the work.
Acidic or abrasive cleaners can damage laminate surfaces; do not use them.
Drain cleaners containing lye will permanently damage any laminate surface. If you spill a drain cleaner, wipe it up immediately and rinse several times with water.
Hair, textile and food dyes can cause permanent stains. If dye should happen to spill, wipe it up immediately with dishwashing detergent or an all-purpose cleaner.
Never place pots or dishes directly from the oven or burner on an unprotected laminate surface; such extreme heat can cause cracking or blistering.
Do not work with oven cleaners on an unprotected countertop. Wipe spills away promptly and rinse several times with water.
Rust removers contain harsh chemicals which will quickly cause permanent damage. If a spill occurs, wipe off all residue immediately, wash thoroughly with soapy water and rinse several times.
Steel wool and other abrasive pads will damage laminate. Don’t use them for cleaning and don’t store steel wool pads on your countertop; the metal can rust and leave stains.
Toilet bowl cleaners contain harsh chemicals that can cause permanent damage. If spills occur, wipe up immediately, wash surface with soapy water and rinse several times.
Shampoo Bowls
Use a Non-Abrasive cleanser, a soft cloth and rinse well with plain water. Using abrasive cleaners will dull the finish and may make the bowl more difficult to clean and may cause cracking.
Do not put weight on the bowl or drop metal, hard plastic or ceramic objects in the bowl because this could cause the bowl to crack. Kaemark is not responsible for bowl cracking.
American-Made Furniture
Kaemark is committed to innovative ways of serving an ever changing marketplace.  With more focused product offerings, excellent and precision salon furnishings that will create a great salon experience for you and your client's.
Kaemark has the most seasoned custom artisans - with a small town work ethic and state-of-the-art computerized manufacturing technology that allows us to build your salon furniture and eqipment in half the time.
Visit the Factory-Showroom
Inside our brand new, 10,000 sq ft showroom facility, you can see hundreds of different types of salon equipment including Made In The USA styling stations, shampoo bowls, wet stations, reception desks and more.
We want to personally invite you to meet with our team of designers at our showroom where you can save on top of already-low, factory-direct prices on all of our equipment made right here on-site in Giddings, Texas.
Custom Design Your Salon
In the beauty industry, your reputation relies on great amounts of visual appeal. Your reputation is not built solely on the quality of your work, but also the atmosphere in which your artistry comes to life. Everyone wants to be the "WOW salon" in the ever-changing world of style, let Kaemark help you design your dream salon as unique as your signature! Your styling chairs, stations, reception desks, retail displays, color bars etc should be a reflection of you.
When you shop at Kaemark for custom furnishings, we'll help you every step of the way to make your dream salon a reality.
You may also like
×
view quote
continue shopping
×
request for quote
to add multiple items to your quote, please fill qty field then click on "add to quote"
add to quote
close
×
×
Please Wait...