http://www.begacheese.com.au/privacy-policy/
Home
Products
Bionutrients
Cheese
Contract Manufacturing
Dairy
Grocery
Spreads
Farm Services
Milk Supply Agreements
Milk Supply Agreement Disputes
Benefits
Useful Links
Contact Us
Export
Bega
Chef’s Choice
Melbourne
Others
Contract Manufacturing
Find a Representative
Sustainability
Sustainability
Farm Sustainability
Factory Sustainability
Investors
Directors
Executive Team
Community
Corporate Governance
Announcements
Annual Reports
Shareholder Contact
Business Conduct
Media
Careers
Values
Recruitment
Recruitment Process
Graduate Program
Recruitment – FAQs
Career Development
Current Vacancies
Rewards, Recognition and Benefits
Contact Us
Bega Cheese – New South Wales
Bega Cheese – Victoria
Bega Foods – Victoria
PCA – Queensland
Heritage Centre
Tatura Milk
Home / Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Bega Cheese Limited and its subsidiaries (Bega, us or we) are committed to protecting your privacy and to complying with the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) and the Australian Privacy Principles (APPs). This Privacy Policy outlines how Bega may collect your personal information and how we will use, record and protect that information.
What personal information do we collect?
Bega only collects personal information which is reasonably necessary for one or more of its functions or activities.  For example, we may collect your personal information in order to provide you with our products or services and to better understand your needs and how we can improve our products and services.  We may also collect your personal information to protect against fraud or theft and to comply with our obligations under the law.  If you are a milk supplier to Bega, you may need to provide Bega with personal information in connection with that business relationship.
Personal information may include your name, address, telephone number, email address and purchase/supply details.
From time to time, you may be able to deal with us anonymously or by pseudonym, but in some instances if you don’t provide us with certain personal information, we may not be able to provide you with the products or services you want.
How do we collect personal information?
The personal information we collect is, in most cases, directly supplied by you when you register your details with us or give us the information, when you place a call, email or otherwise contact us, when you order products or services from us or you supply goods or services to us.
When you visit our website, it will automatically send you a “cookie”.  A cookie is a piece of text sent from a web server to your computer, and is used to identify you only by a random number.  This information does not personally identify you, but it does tell us that your computer has visited our site and what areas of the site have been browsed.  You can decline cookies by adjusting the “accept cookies” setting in your browser, however this may affect the functionality of the website.
Where we collect personal information from third parties, we will only do so if it is unreasonable or impracticable to collect the personal information directly from you and we will take reasonable steps to inform you if and when we do.
How is your personal information used?
When you do provide us with personal information, we will not use or disclose it other than for:
the purpose for which it was provided;
a related purpose that you would reasonably expect us to use the information for;
a purpose required or authorised by law or a court/tribunal order; or
a purpose that you have expressly consented to.
For example, we may use your personal information to contact you to provide you with the information and/or products and services you have requested. We may also store and process that information to better understand your needs and how we can improve our products and services. We may also use your personal information to protect against fraud or theft and to comply with our obligations under the law.
If you are a milk supplier to Bega, you agree that the personal information you provide can be used for any purpose associated with Bega’s business, including any matters referred to in the agreements you have in place with Bega, the provision of information to customers or third party service providers or in connection with industry or governmental projects or inquiries in which Bega participates.
If we use your personal information for direct marketing purposes, all of the electronic communications we send to you will include an “unsubscribe” link which enables you to opt out of receiving any future direct marketing correspondence.
Who we may share your personal information with?
The information provided by you online may be disclosed to our agents, contractors or third party service providers who provide administrative, telecommunications, computer or other services to us in connection with the operation of our business and this website and who are under duties to Bega to keep such information confidential and secure.
We may also provide third parties with aggregate, de-identified information about visitors to or users of our website.
On occasion, we may disclose personal information to overseas recipients.  These overseas recipients are likely to be located in the country or countries in which you are located or to which you have requested us to supply products.
By providing your personal information to Bega, you consent to the disclosure of such information to overseas recipients.  Please note that once consent is provided, APP 8.1 will not apply to that disclosure so that, if an overseas recipient handles the personal information in a manner which breaches the APPs, Bega will not be accountable under the Privacy Act for the breach nor will you be able to seek redress under the Privacy Act.
Data security
We maintain strict standards and procedures to prevent unauthorised access to your personal information and ensure correct use of information.  We will take such steps as reasonable to protect your personal information from unauthorised access or use, misuse, loss, modification or unauthorised disclosure.
Personal information will be de-identified or destroyed when no longer required by us.
Access and correction of details
You can access and update personal information Bega holds about you by contacting us via the method provided below during normal business hours.  We will allow you access unless we consider that there is a sound reason under the APPs or other relevant law to withhold that information.  If we refuse to provide you with access or correct the personal information held about you by us, we will provide in writing reasons for such refusal.  If we refuse to comply with your request to correct the personal information we hold about you, you are entitled to ask us to associate with the information a statement that the information is inaccurate, out of date, incomplete, irrelevant or misleading, and we will take such steps as are reasonable in the circumstances to do so.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Bega may update this Privacy Policy from time to time.  We will publish any changes on this page.
Contact us
If you have questions or complaints regarding the way in which Bega has handled your personal information, or if you wish to access or update your personal information, please contact us at:
Privacy Officer
Bega Cheese Limited
PO Box 123
Bega NSW 2550
privacy@bega.com.au
Once we have received your enquiry, our Privacy Officer will respond to you within a reasonable time.  If, after receiving our response, you still consider that your privacy complaint has not been resolved, you may then, for example, take your complaint to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner.
Further information
For more information about privacy issues in Australia and protecting your privacy, visit the website of the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner: http://oaic.gov.au/.