http://www.fundx.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Main page content
Online Privacy Statement
FundX Investment Group LLC (“FundX”) believes that the responsible use of personal information collected on the FundX Website (www.fundxinvestmentgroup.com) is critical to its business objectives and reputation. As part of our commitment to privacy, we have adopted this Online Privacy Statement.
If you become a client of FundX, you will be provided a separate FundX Privacy Policy.
If you are a resident of the European Economic Union (“EU”), a separate Privacy Notice will be provided to you pursuant to the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”).
The extent and type of information we receive from you on our external Web site depends on the information you provide to us.
We only use your personally identifiable information to respond to your requests and to provide you with information about the Upgrader Funds or FundX’s services, unless we obtain your permission to use your personal information for other purposes. For example, if you send us an e-mail message requesting information about FundX, we will use your e-mail address and other information you supply to respond to your request. If we intend to use your personal information to inform you about other FundX services, we will notify you and give you an opportunity to decline to receive such communications.
Our Web site may invite you to register and provide information about yourself. We use the information you provide to personalize your online experience and to deliver the content most suited to your needs.
We use a variety of protections to maintain the security of your online session. For example, we make use of firewall barriers, encryption techniques and authentication procedures. Cookies are primarily used to collect technical and navigational information, such as computer browser type, Internet protocol address, pages visited, and average time spent on our website. This information may be used, for example, to alert you to software compatibility issues; or it may be analyzed to improve our web design and functionality.
When you visit password-protected areas of our website, we will require you to enter your individual login ID and password. In such cases, your browsing will no longer be anonymous to us. However, we will use your personal information only to provide you with account information or otherwise as listed above.
While we take active steps to protect all information we receive online, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us via the Internet. Emails you send us are not necessarily secure when they are transmitted to us. Therefore, if your communication is very sensitive or includes highly confidential information such as a social security number or an account number, it may be prudent for you to use a method of transmission other than email or otherwise encrypt such information.
FundX recognizes its responsibility for protecting the online privacy of your personal information.  If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Statement, please call FundX at 415 986-7979.