http://www.stablewise.com/privacystatement.htm
Search for:
If you have found this website useful, please help us to continue providing this information...
Home
Barn Plans
Horse Farm Planning
Horse Safety
Barn Layout
Barn Construction
Arena Construction
Photo Galleries
Questions & Answers
Recommended
Resources
The Mercantile
The RoundPen
The StableHand
Useful Links
Feedback
Who We Are
Contact Us
The StableWise Online Privacy Policy
StableWise is committed to maintaining your confidence and trust,
and accordingly maintains the following privacy policy to protect
personal information you provide online.
Basic Confidentiality Policy
It is StableWise policy that
personal information, such as your name, postal and e-mail address
or telephone number, is private and confidential. Accordingly,
the personal information you provide is stored in a secure location,
is accessible only by designated staff, and is used only for
the purposes for which you provide the information (such as
to reply to your request or to fulfill a specific online purchase).
For example, when you fill out an order form online, the personal
information you provide will only be used to process your order.
If you also indicate on our site
that you would like to receive information about other StableWise
programs and services, such as The StableHand newsletter or
The Roundpen discussion forum, your personal information will
be added to appropriate StableWise mailing lists. You can indicate
your desire when completing a feedback form or when you send
us e-mail. If at any time you change your mind and would like
to add or remove your name from StableWise's mailing lists,
or correct your personal information, please contact
us.
No Release of Information to Third Parties
Personal information will not be released to third parties except
to further the purpose for which you provide the information,
such as fulfilling a specific online purchase with StableWise,
or if release is required by law or is pertinent to judicial or
governmental investigations or proceedings. There are no other
circumstances under which we will provide or sell personal information
to third parties.
No Computer Tracking of Identifiable Information
Our
computer is not set up to track, collect or distribute personal
information about its visitors. It does recognize the home server
of visitors, but not e-mail addresses. For example, we can tell
which Internet Service Provider our visitors use, but not the
names, addresses or other information about our visitors that
would allow us to identify the particular visitors to our sites.
This information is used only for internal purposes by StableWise
technical support staff.
In
addition, our web site tracks information about the visits to
our web site. For example, we compile statistics that show the
daily number of visitors to our site, the daily requests we
receive for particular files on our web site, and what countries
those requests come from. These aggregated statistics are used
internally to better provide services to the public and may
also be provided to others, but again, the statistics contain
no personal information and cannot be used to gather such information.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website.
These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies,
click here.
April
14, 2009
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site,
or your dealings with StableWise, you can contact:
StableWise LLC
P.O. Box 1768
Duvall, WA. 98019
(425) 788-4676
Contact
Us
Top of page
Home |
Barn Plans
Horse Farm Planning
|
Horse Safety
|
Barn Layout
|
Barn Construction
|
Arena Construction
Photo Galleries
|
Questions & Answers
|
Recommended Resources
|
The Mercantile
The RoundPen
|
The StableHand
|
Useful Links
Feedback
|
Who We Are |
Contact Us
Comments? Suggestions? Please tell us!
The information contained on this site is intended for general informational and educational purposes only.
Visitors should not rely solely upon any information contained on this site for their specific or particular needs.
Privacy Statement
Copyright©2000-2005 StableWise