http://www.ulsterbank.com/our-purpose/society/privacy.html
Jump to Accessibility
Jump to Content
Ulster Bank
Help for what matters.
Ulster Bank Republic of Ireland
Ulster Bank Northern Ireland
Customers
Ulster Bank operates both in the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland helping personal, small business, private and commercial customers with their banking needs.
Understanding and delivering help for what matters to its customers is what Ulster Bank seeks to do every day. Helping them have a positive and encouraging experience is the root of the bank’s ambition to be the best it can be for all its customers and the communities it does business in.
Ulster Bank has been recognised as Ireland’s most responsible business at Chambers Ireland Awards for Corporate Social Responsibility. Ulster Bank’s people continue to demonstrate their passion for local causes with community programmes like Give A Day and Do Good Feel Good.
Partnerships
In Northern Ireland, Ulster Bank has a long-standing partnership with The Prince’s Trust, which has so far helped 10,000 young people overcome personal challenges.
The Balmoral Show is Northern Ireland’s largest agricultural and food show. Ulster Bank became the Balmoral Show’s first ever principal sponsor in 2009 and continues to provide meaningful help for Northern Ireland’s important agriculture, food & drink sector.
Did you know?
Ulster Bank was established in Belfast in 1836. After 24 years of growth in Ulster, it began its expansion across the rest of Ireland in 1860.
Innovation has always been at the heart of how the bank delivers for its customers – it was the first bank to introduce a drive-in bank in 1961 and the first ATM in 1968.
As customer behaviours changed, the bank has changed with them, introducing Saturday Openings and a mobile app in recent years.
Supporting enterprise and fostering SME confidence is served by the Ulster Bank Business Achievers Awards Programme, The Ulster Bank Skills and Opportunity Fund and the bank's Business Women Can programmes.
More from Ulster Bank
Contact Ulster Bank
Find out how to get in touch:
NI   ROI
Careers at Ulster Bank
Start a career at Ulster Bank today.
Our careers
Stay secure when Banking Online
Find out how we protect you:
NI   ROI
Related articles
Entrepreneurial Spark graduate creates 50 jobs
Ulster Bank hits the road with Business Roadshow series
Ulster Bank opens its doors to new Entrepreneurial Spark hub in Belfast
Opens in a new window