https://www.datadecisionsgroup.com/consumer-choice-privacy-act
Who We Are
About Us
Leadership
News
Careers
Who We Help
Ad Agency
Healthcare
Life Insurance
Consumer-Packaged Goods
Utilities
What We Do
Data Cards
Data Services
Marketing Research
Marketing Research | Services
Marketing Research | Solution
Marketing Research | Methods
Predictive Analytics Platform
Professional Services
Predictive Analytics Platform Solutions
Predictive Analytics Platform FAQ
Privacy Certifications
Blog
Client Login
SmartPortal
Reach Platform
Consumer Choice
We’ve created this resource to provide consumers with information about DDG’s marketing practices, consumer privacy, and data protection.  We strive to provide transparency and choice to each consumer.
DDG RESOURCES
The FAQs provide answers to the most commonly asked questions.
Consumers have the ability to opt-out of receiving direct marketing that DDG enables. In our consumer choice form, you can find information on DDG’s privacy practices, including information on how to opt-out of the various services we provide.
Additionally, you can request access to DDG’s marketing data summary of the information we have in our databases about your household.  If you fill out the personal information form we will confirm your identity and then supply the information we possess as your record.
This service free of charge.
OTHER RESOURCES
DMAchoice™ is an online tool developed by the ANA to help you manage your mail. This site is part of a larger program designed to respond to consumers' concerns over the amount of mail they receive, and it is the evolution of the ANA's Mail Preference Service created in 1971.
For the purposes of this site, direct mail is divided into four categories: Credit Offers, Catalogs, Magazine Offers and Other Mail Offers. You can request to start or stop receiving mail from individual companies within each category—or from an entire category at once.
Consumers can register at ANA’s consumer website: DMAchoice.org
datadecisions Group
Research Sales:
(919) 932-8803
123 West Franklin StreetSuite 520Chapel Hill, NC 27516
Data Sales:
(469) 804-368712720 Hillcrest RoadSuite 1030 Dallas, TX 75230
© Copyright 2020 Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Consumer Choice