http://www.asml.com/en/privacy
Privacy
01 / 30
At ASML, transparency is important. On this page you can find more information about our privacy practice, including links to our privacy notices and cookie notice to help you understand what kind of information we collect from you and why.
We are committed to respecting and protecting the privacy rights of employees, customers, suppliers and everyone we do business with. Personal data is managed in a professional, lawful and ethical way, in-line with our code of conduct and in compliance with applicable laws and regulations.
We have technical and organizational measures in place to prevent the accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of, or access to personal data. Our privacy policy sets the minimum requirements from the perspective of ASML as a global organization. The policy is binding for all ASML employees and applies to the processing of personal data of our staff, job applicants and business partners such as customers, suppliers, visitors and other individuals.
A dedicated privacy and personal data protection program ensures that we adhere to the ASML privacy policy. Our privacy program includes, among others, the following elements:
Governance: At the senior management level, the Corporate Risk Committee is responsible for the oversight of the topic of privacy, while the Privacy Office manages the privacy framework and provides assistance and guidance. Each employee is responsible for reading and understanding the content and implications of the privacy policy.
Systems & procedures: The privacy controls framework consist of 130 privacy activities including privacy impact assessments and data protection impact assessments. The privacy controls framework is included in our enterprise risk management process.
Disciplinary actions: We have implemented a personal data breach procedure.
Audit: Privacy is included in our internal audit program. Our privacy notices for both business partners and recruitment are derived from our privacy policy. They explain why personal data is collected and how ASML uses it.
Privacy Notice for Business Partners and Visitors
Read all about our business partners and visitors privacy notice here.
Privacy Notice for Job Applicants
Read all about our job applicants privacy notice here.
Cookie notice
Read all about our cookie policy here.
Do you have any questions or requests? Please click here to go to the form.
Related content
About ASML
ASML is an innovation leader in the semiconductor industry. Find out what we do and why we do it.
Governance
Our commitment to accountability and transparency allows us to build a relationship of trust with our stakeholders.
Investors
Investing in ASML is investing in the future. Read our financial results and strategy for growth in the semiconductor industry.