http://www.hertalan.co.uk/privacy_statement.aspx
Cookies
By using our website, you explicitly agree to the use of cookies and the usage of your personal data to access our website for the purpose of improving our online content. This consent also includes the use by us of service providers, such as Google Analytics, and the sharing of data with these for this purpose. You can find further information in our Privacy Policy. This site uses cookies in order to improve your user experience. For more information (including an opt-out), see details.
EPDM
News
FAQ
Contact
FIND YOUR CONTRACTOR
UK
NL
DE
FR
COM
Search
Menu
About usCARLISLE® CONSTRUCTION MATERIALSOUR TEAMPRODUCTION, RESEARCH & DEVELOPMENTTRAINING AND COURSE50 YEARS HERTALAN® NEWSProductsHERTALAN EASY COVERHERTALAN RHINOBOND®HERTALAN EASY WELDHERTALAN EPDM STRIPSHERTALAN EASY STICK GSHERTALED LEAD ALTERNATIVEEPDM ADHESIVES & SEALANTSEPDM ACCESSORIESApplicationsSpecialistsBUILDING OWNERARCHITECTSPECIFICATION WRITERCONTRACTORROOFING CONTRACTORSustainabilityLONG SERVICE LIFEENVIRONMENTAL ACCREDITATIONGREEN ROOFSKnowledge CentreF.A.Q.DOWNLOADSVIDEO`SCASE STUDIES
You are here:
Home
Privacy Statement
FIND YOUR CONTRACTORSEARCH
GET YOUR LOGIN CODEClick here
PRIVACY STATEMENT
Privacy Notice
On this website, CARLISLE® Construction Materials Ltd. (hereinafter “CCM”) processes personal data in line with the principles described below. CCM places great importance on protecting your personal data and other data collected. Therefore, we can assure you that we always handle your data in a trustworthy, responsible manner. In particular, we use your personal data in strict accordance with legal requirements.
The controller
The controller responsible for the processing of personal data on this website in accordance with legal data protection regulations is CARLISLE® Construction Materials Ltd., Ground Floor Office Suite, Lancaster House, Concorde Way, Millennium Business Park, Mansfield, Nottinghamshire NG19 7DW.
Collection and processing of personal data
When you visit our website, our web servers save your IP address, the web pages you came to visit us from (e.g. when you have followed a link), which of our web pages you visit, information on the Internet browser used and its display properties and language settings, the operating system used and the date and duration of the visit as standard. Besides this, personal data is only collected and processed if you give it to us independently, e.g. when registering, using a contact form or submitting a query.
We delete the personal data collected in this way immediately once it is no longer needed for the purpose it was collected for.
.
Use and sharing of personal data and purpose limitation
CCM uses this personal data for the purpose of the technical administration of the web pages, particularly to give you access, and to analyse usage statistics. We also use this technical access information to constantly improve the appeal and usability of our web pages and their content and to identify potential technical problems on our website.
CCM will not pass the personal data you have provided on to third parties without your explicit consent. The details are laid down in this Privacy Notice.
The legal basis for the processing of personal data for this purpose is provided by Article 6(1)(b) GDPR.
Newsletter service
CCM offers a newsletter service, through which it provides information on its offers. Use of the newsletter service requires separate registration, during which your name and your email address are collected for the purpose of participation in the newsletter. The newsletter is distributed by the company wigital GmbH on behalf of CCM. During registration, wigital also obtains your IP address and information on your browser settings.
When you subscribe to our newsletter service, you agree to CCM sending you its own promotions or third-party promotions by email and passing your name and email address to a service provider, wigital GmbH, for the purpose of distributing the newsletter.
You can withdraw consent to this at any time by unsubscribing from the newsletter service via the unsubscribe link in the newsletter. The legal basis for the processing is provided by Article 6(1)(a) GDPR.
Links and references to other websites
This website contains links to other websites. Please note that CCM is not responsible for the data protection or the content of these other websites.
We recommend that all Internet users read the privacy statements of the other websites they visit when leaving CCM’s website.
This website also contains links to CCM’s profiles on social media networks such as Facebook and Xing, as well as to our YouTube channel. When you use these third-party websites these third parties collect personal data in accordance with their data protection provisions, which CCM has no influence over. In the case of Facebook and YouTube (Google Inc.) this data processing may also be carried out outside the scope of European data protection legislation. Please read the details of the relevant providers’ data protection provisions:
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
Xing: https://www.xing.com/app/share?op=data_protection
Google: https://www.google.com/intl/de/policies/
Cookies and analytics
CCM uses so-called cookies on this website. Cookies are small files that your Internet browser saves on your PC and that contain pseudonymised data. Cookies do not damage your computer or contain any viruses.
CCM uses cookies to make the website more user-friendly and to make the content as individual and responsive to needs as possible on each visit, as well as to analyse and exploit marketing opportunities. On this website, these cookies are not just used by CCM itself but also by third parties acting on our behalf. Cookies that are stored after your current visit to our website (so-called session) has ended are also saved when you visit a CCM web page.
By using our website, you explicitly agree to the use of cookies and the usage of your personal data to access our website for the purpose of improving our online content. This consent also includes the use by CCM of service providers, such as Google Analytics and Hotjar, and the sharing of data with these for this purpose.
You can withdraw your consent at any time and delete existing cookies by disabling and removing them via your web browser. You can find detailed information on deleting or disabling cookies in the help texts for your browser or on the Internet, for example, by using the search terms “Disable cookies” or “Delete cookies”.
The legal basis for the processing of usage data is provided by Article 6(1)(a) GDPR.
Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses so-called “cookies”, text files that are saved on your computer and that allow your use of the website to be analysed. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website (including your IP address) is usually transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there.
If IP anonymization is activated on this website, your IP address will be shortened by Google beforehand within the member states of the European Union or other signatories to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transferred to a Google server in the USA and truncated there.
Google will use this information on behalf of the website operator to analyse your use of the website, to compile reports on website activity and to provide other services to the website operator relating to website and Internet use. The IP address transferred by your browser within the scope of Google Analytics will not be associated with any other data held by Google.
You can prevent the installation of cookies using the corresponding setting in your browser. We would, however, like to point out that this may prevent you from making full use of all the functions of this website. You can also prevent the data generated by the cookie related to your usage of the website, including your IP address, from being collected and processed by Google by downloading and installing the appropriate browser add-on.
Alternatively, you can prevent it being collected by Google Analytics by saving a special opt-out cookie that prevents your data being collected when you visit this website in future.
You can also find detailed information in Google’s Terms of Service and overview of privacy. We would like to point out that Google Analytics was extended on this website by the _anonymizeIp() function in order to guarantee the anonymised collection of IP addresses (IP masking).
Remarketing
On our website, personal data related to your CCM website use is collected and stored for marketing purposes using Google technologies (Google remarketing tag). Using this data, usage profiles can be created and stored in cookies. Third-party providers, including Google, display advertisements on websites on the Internet. When doing so, third-party providers, including Google, use the information in the cookies to display advertisements based on your previous visits to our website using the remarketing tag function.
The data collected with the remarketing tag function is not used to personally identify you as a visitor to our website or combined with personal data via the user profile without your separate consent being given. You can object to this and the use of cookies by Google by visiting Google’s Ad Settings and installing the browser plugin available there.
Alternatively, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s opt-out page. You can find further information on Google’s terms in the current Privacy Policy.
Hotjar
This website uses the web analysis service Hotjar from Hotjar Ltd. Hotjar Ltd. is a European company based in Malta. Hotjar enables us to track activity on our website. For example, it allows us to see how far down users scroll, and which buttons users click and how often. This gives us valuable information that allows us to make our website even faster and more customer-friendly.
Hotjar gives every user the option to prevent the use of the Hotjar tool using a “Do Not Track” header, so that no data on their visit to the relevant website is recorded. The latest versions of all common browsers support this feature. To do so, your browser sends Hotjar a request with a note to stop tracking the relevant user and to therefore withdraw the consent to use Hotjar previously given to us. You can find detailed instructions with information on your browser at: https://www.hotjar.com/opt-out.
Third-party providers’ level of data protection
The third-party providers used by CCM as stated above are either based in the EU or in a country in which the EU has established an adequate level of data protection. Companies from the USA meet the requirements for an adequate level of data protection under the EU-US Privacy Shield.
Security
As required by law, CCM takes technical and organisational security measures to protect your data that is managed by us from accidental or intentional manipulation, loss, destruction or access by unauthorised persons. Our security measures are continuously improved in line with technological development.
Your rights
As a user of our website, you have the right to obtain from us information on the data stored concerning you personally or your pseudonym. At your request, the information can also be provided electronically. You have the right to obtain the erasure or restriction of your personal data that is processed by us or the transmission of this data to a third party in a commonly used format used by us. You can request that inaccurate data be rectified. You can withdraw consent that you have previously given, e.g. for the use of analytics using cookies, at any time.
Such requests can be sent to CCM at the following address:
info.uk@ccm-europe.com
You can lodge complaints about the processing of personal data by us with the competent supervisory authority.
Scope of application
This Privacy Notice applies exclusively to CCM’s website and newsletter service.
We would also like to point out that this Privacy Notice is subject to constant adaptation to current requirements.
Last updated: May 2018
CONTACT
CARLISLE® Construction Materials Ltd.
Ground Floor Office Suite
Lancaster House, Concorde Way
Millennium Business Park
Mansfield Nottinghamshire NG 19 7 DW
T +44 (0)1623 62 72 85
F +44 (0)1623 65 27 41
E info.uk@ccm-europe.com
HERTALAN Production
Industrieweg 16
8263 AD  Kampen
The Netherlands
T +31 (0)38 339 33 33
F +31 (0)38 339 33 34
E info@hertalan.com
SOCIAL MEDIA
Follow us on social media through our diverse channels.
NEWSLETTER
With the HERTALAN newsletter you will never miss the latest and important news about EPDM. Sign up is for free, you will receive the newsletter 6 times a year.
Sign up
Copyright © Hertalan 2020Sitemap
Disclaimer
Privacy Statement
Concept and development by Frontis