https://www.dukemorgan.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to main contentPRIVACY POLICY
My website address is: www.dukemorgan.com
In compliance with the newest European Union General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR), below you will find the Privacy Policy for Duke Morgan Voiceovers.
Duke Morgan Voiceovers website provides voiceover services.
This page is used to inform website visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service, the www.dukemorgan.com website.
If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation with this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience while using my Service, I may require you to provide me with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to your name, phone number, and postal address. The information that I collect will be used to contact or identify you. I will retain your information for as long as is needed to provide you Services.
Log Data
I want to inform you that whenever you visit my Service, I collect information that your browser sends to me that is called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser version, pages of my Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data that is commonly used an anonymous unique identifier. These are sent to your browser from the website that you visit and are stored on your computer’s hard drive.
My website uses these “cookies” to collection information and to improve my Service. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies, and know when a cookie is being sent to your computer. If you choose to refuse my cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of my Service.
Security
I value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus I strive to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
My Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
My Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect personal identifiable information from children under 13. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact me so that I will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
I may update my Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, I advise you to review this page periodically for any changes. These changes are effective immediately, after they are posted on this page.
Acceptance of this policy
You acknowledge that you have read this privacy policy and agree to all its terms and conditions. By using the website or its services you agree to be bound by this policy. If you do not agree to abide by the terms of this policy, you are not authorized to use or access the website and its services
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me via email at dukemorgan@cox.net