http://www.bignall.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy | Bignall Group | Passionate from Concept to Customer
skip to main content
Menu
Home
About UsCOVID-19 Face VisorsCapabilitiesContactNews
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy Summary
1.0 Introduction
2.0 Terms and conditions
3.0 Privacy policy
3.1 Data Protection Lead
3.2 Controlling your personal information
3.3 What data we collect
3.4 Information collected when you are seeking employment
3.5. How is your personal data collected?
3.6 What we do with the information we gather
3.7 Purposes for which we will use your personal data
3.8 Marketing
3.9 Opting out
3.10 Disclosures of your personal data
3.11 Children’s Personal Data
3.12 International transfers
4.0 Data Security
4.1 Data retention
4.2 How long will you use my personal data for?
5.0 Your legal rights
5.1 Time limit to respond
6.0 Glossary
7.0 How we use cookies
8.0 Links to other websites
9.0 Internet copyright notice
10.0 Website disclaimer1.0 Introduction
We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting your personal data. This privacy notice will inform you as to how we look after your personal data when you visit our website (regardless of where you visit it from), or otherwise provide personal data to the company. It will also tell you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you. This privacy notice is divided into sections so you can move to the specific sections detailed above in the contents table. Please also use the Glossary to understand the meaning of some of the terms used in this privacy notice.2.0 Terms and conditions
Welcome to our website. If you continue to browse and use this website you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern Bignall Group’s relationship with you in relation to this website.
Please read this policy carefully. Bignall Group Ltd is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This policy sets out how we process any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us.
For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998 (the Act), the data controller is Bignall Group Ltd of Unit 15, Dabble Duck Industrial Estate, Shildon, County Durham, DL4 2QN, UK.
Our website at
https://www.bignallgroup.com/ (Site) is hosted by https://www.edwardrobertson.co.uk/. The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice. Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law. Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements. This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions. All trademarks reproduced in this website, which are not the property of, or licensed to the operator, are acknowledged on the website. Unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offense. From time to time this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s). You may not create a link to this website from another website or document without Bignall Group’s prior written consent. Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of England, Scotland and Wales.3.0 Privacy policy
This privacy policy sets out how Bignall Group use and protect any information that you give us when you use this website. We are committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Bignall Group may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 25 May 2018.3.1 Data Protection Lead
The company has a Data Protection Lead who is responsible for overseeing questions in relation to this privacy notice and GDPR actions. If you have any questions about this privacy notice, including any requests to exercise your legal rights, please contact us using the contact details below.
Email address:
post@bignallgroup.com
Postal address: Bignall Group Ltd of Unit 15, Dabble Duck Industrial Estate, Shildon, County Durham, DL4 2QN, UK.
You have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues (
www.ico.org.uk).3.2 Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
Whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at
post@bignallgroup.com
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.3.3 What data we collect
Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. It does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data). We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you which we have grouped together as follows:
Identity Data includes first name, maiden name, last name, username or similar identifier, Marital status, title, date of birth and gender. Contact Data includes billing address, delivery address, email address and telephone numbers. Financial Data includes bank account and payment card details. Transaction Data includes details about payments to and from you and other details of products and services you have purchased from us. Technical Data includes internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform, and other technology on the devices you use to access this website. Profile Data includes your username and password, purchases or orders made by you, your interests, preferences, feedback and survey responses (including e-mail questions about the company). Usage Data includes information about how you use our website, products and services. Marketing and Communications Data includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties. We may also collect, use and share Aggregated Data such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated Data may be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data in law as this data does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity.3.4 Information collected when you are seeking employment
We collect personal information about potential employees, workers and contactors through the application and recruitment process, either directly from candidates or sometimes from an employment agency or background check provider. We may sometimes collect additional information from third parties including former employers, credit reference agencies or other background check agencies.
If you are seeking employment with the company, we may require you to share Special Categories of Personal Data with us or a third party. This could include information about your health to ensure that you would be able to perform the role applied for. We may also require details about your race, religion or ethnicity to be shared with either ourselves or a third party for the purpose of security vetting or Disclosure and Barring Service clearances where such clearances are required for the role you would perform. To the extent possible, any such personal data will be held by third parties authorised to perform such checks. Where the personal data is provided to the Group and subsequently shared with such third parties appropriate data processor agreements will be in place.
Where an employee is required to travel or work overseas as part of their role, we may also, as required, seek special categories of data to be disclosed to us.
In respect of both of the collection of personal data for the purpose of security clearances or obtaining a visa to travel overseas, it may be necessary for third parties to process information in relation to criminal convictions. This information will not be shared with us, unless you share it with us. Please note, that if we become aware of any criminal conviction that may impact upon your ability to obtain any security clearance or travel visa required for your job we may ask you to disclose this to us. You do not have to do so, but any failure to do so, which results in us being unable to get either the appropriate security clearance or relevant travel visa to allow you to perform the role you were employed to do, may result in you being dismissed.
We would not collect the following categories of Special Categories of Personal Data; philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, and genetic and biometric data.
If you do enter into a contract of employment, your personal data will be protected in accordance with the Employee Privacy Policy. In addition to the above you should be aware that we would only process health and medical data where it is in our legitimate interests to process such data:
a) to ensure we fulfil our statutory or contractual obligations to you (e.g. in providing you with a safe working environment);
b) to ensure that you are physically and mentally fit to do your job; and
c) if you have a disability we can make reasonable adjustments for you, in any event, we would only obtain medical information from our occupational health team once you had consented to such information being disclosed to us.3.5. How is your personal data collected?
We use different methods to collect data from and about you including through:
Direct interactions. You may give us your identity, contact and details of qualifications by filling in forms or by corresponding with us by post, phone, email or otherwise. This includes personal data you provide when you: Give a business card to an employee of the company or linked company; Provide information at an exhibition or marketing event; Order or enquire about our products or services; Create an account on our website; Subscribe to our service or publications; Request marketing to be sent to you; Enter a competition, promotion or survey Get in touch via social media;3.6 What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping; We may use the information to improve our products and services; We may periodically send promotional email about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided; From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.3.7 Purposes for which we will use your personal data
We have set out below is a description of all the ways we use your personal data and the legal bases we rely on to do so. We have also identified what our legitimate interests are where appropriate.
Note that we may process your personal data for more than one lawful ground depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your data. Please contact our Data Protection Lead if you need details about the specific legal ground we are relying on to process your personal data.
Purpose/Activity
Type of data
Lawful basis for processing including basis of legitimate interest
To register you as a new customer
Identity; Contact;
Performance of a contract
To process and deliver your order including:(a) Manage payments, fees and charges(b) Collect and recover money owed to us
Identity; Contact; Financial; Transaction
Performance of a contract; Necessary for our legitimate interests (to recover debts due)
To manage our relationship with you which will include:(a) Notifying you about changes to our terms or privacy policy(b) Asking for comment on company performance or assessment of performance
Identity; Contact; Profile; Marketing and Communications
Performance of a contract; Necessary to comply with a legal obligation; In the context of a contract with you, necessary for our legitimate interests (to keep our records updated and to study how customers use our products/services); Outside of a contractual relationship, consent.
To administer and protect our business and this website (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data)
Identity; Contact; Technical
Necessary for our legitimate interests for running our business, provision of administration and IT services, network security, to prevent fraud and in the context of a business reorganisation or group restructuring exercise; Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
To make suggestions and recommendations to you about goods or services that may be of interest to you
Identity; Contact; Technical; Profile
Consent
To assess suitability for employment or work placements; or to provide you with information requested on employment, training and work placement opportunities
Identity; Contact; Special Category Data
Consent
3.8 Marketing
We strive to provide you with choices regarding certain personal data uses, particularly around marketing and advertising.
Promotional offers from us: We may use your Identity, Contact, Technical, Usage and Profile Data to form a view on what we think you may want or need, or what may be of interest to you. This is how we decide which products, services and offers may be relevant for you (we call this marketing).
You will receive marketing communications from us if you have requested information from us or purchased goods or services from us or if you provided us with your details when you (a) asked for a quotation; (b) made an enquiry; (c) provided details at a trade show or exhibition and, in each case, you have not opted out of receiving that marketing.3.9 Opting out
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose.
If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
Please note that we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law.
You can ask us to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by unsubscribing using the link on every communication; or in replying to the e-mail; or via a phone call.
Where you opt out of receiving these marketing messages, this will not apply to personal data provided to us as a result of a product/service purchase, warranty registration, product/service experience.
Any queries should be directed to
post@bignallgroup.com3.10 Disclosures of your personal data
We may have to share your personal data with the parties set out below for the purposes set out in the table above.
Internal Third Parties, being other group companies or companies linked to Bignall Group;
External Third Parties in relation to our direct course of business; Third parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or our assets. Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. If a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this privacy notice.
We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.3.11 Children’s Personal Data
There are certain areas of this website, relating to Group apprenticeship schemes and training opportunities, that may be of interest to children under the age of 16 and those areas are intended to provide information to under 16s, but in any event only those aged over 13, who in accordance with the Data Protection Bill it is deemed can consent to providing us with personal data.
We do not collect data relating to children via the website but may process data on under 16s if it is provided to us directly by the individual, its parent or guardian, or if it is provided to us from our third party training providers.
Processing of personal data of children aged under 16 is processed with our company policy. In most instances would only be processed for the legitimate interests of the business or as it is necessary for the performance of a contract. The purpose of any communication or processing would be to provide training information, information on apprenticeships, providing work placements or information about work placements, or future employment opportunities.
When we communicate directly with anyone we understand to be under 16 (and wanting the Company to process their details, e.g. to receive information on future job or training opportunities) we will provide them with the data protection notice in accordance with this policy.3.12 International transfers
In the normal course of business, this could involve transferring your data outside the European Economic Area (EEA). Many of our external third parties are based outside the European Economic Area (EEA) so their processing of your personal data will involve a transfer of data outside the EEA.
Whenever we transfer your personal data out of the EEA, we ensure a similar degree of protection is afforded to it by ensuring at least one of the following safeguards is implemented:
We will only transfer your personal data to countries that have been deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for personal data by the European Commission. For further details, see European Commission: Adequacy of the protection of personal data in non-EU countries.
Where we use certain service providers, we may use specific contracts approved by the European Commission which give personal data the same protection it has in Europe. For further details, see European Commission: Model contracts for the transfer of personal data to third countries.
Where we use providers based in the US, we may transfer data to them if they are part of the Privacy Shield which requires them to provide similar protection to personal data shared between the Europe and the US. For further details, see European Commission: EU-US Privacy Shield.
Please contact us if you want further information on the specific mechanism used by us when transferring your personal data out of the EEA.4.0 Data Security
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.4.1 Data retention4.2 How long will you use my personal data for?
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements. To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
By law we have to keep basic information about our customers (including Contact, Identity, Financial and Transaction Data) for six years after they cease being customers for tax purposes.
We will keep personal data (Contact, Identity, Profile and any Special Category Data) provided in relation to unsuccessful job applications for 24 months from the date the candidate is determined unsuccessful. If a candidate becomes an employee we will store personal data in accordance with the company Employee Privacy Policy and standard procedures.
We will keep Contact and Identity information obtained solely for the purpose of marketing for 24 months from the date of consent to hold such data. If, after 24 months, you have not unsubscribed we will either delete your data or seek to refresh the consent, in accordance with the applicable law at that time.
In some circumstances we may anonymise your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.5.0 Your legal rights
Under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data. These rights are summarised below, but additional information can be found using the link
https://ico.org.uk
If you wish to exercise any of your rights set out above, please contact
post@bignallgroup.com
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive.
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it.
We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.5.1 Time limit to respond
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.6.0 Glossary
LAWFUL BASIS
Legitimate Interest means the interest of our business in conducting and managing our business to enable us to give you the best service/product and the best and most secure experience. We make sure we consider and balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative) and your rights before we process your personal data for our legitimate interests. We do not use your personal data for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law). You can obtain further information about how we assess our legitimate interests against any potential impact on you in respect of specific activities by contacting us
Performance of Contract means processing your data where it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or to take steps at your request before entering into such a contract. Comply with a legal or regulatory obligation means processing your personal data where it is necessary for compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation that we are subject to.
THIRD PARTIES
Internal Third Parties
Other companies in the group or linked businesses acting as joint controllers or processors and who are based in the EU and provide IT and system administration services and undertake leadership reporting.
External Third Parties
Service providers acting as processors based both inside and outside of the EU who provide IT and system administration services; payroll services; marketing services business support services as detailed above.
Professional advisers acting as processors including lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers based in the EU who provide consultancy, banking, legal, insurance and accounting services.
HM Revenue & Customs, regulators and other authorities acting as processors or joint controllers based in the United Kingdom who require reporting of processing activities in certain circumstances.
The Disclosure and Barring Service, the United Kingdom Security Vetting and /or Security Watchdog acting as joint controllers or processors who provide security vetting and confirm that certain levels of security clearance can be achieved.
Agents acting in accordance with an agreement with a Group company, who may make contact with customers and potential customer on our behalf.
YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS
You have the right to:
Request access to your personal data (commonly known as a "data subject access request"). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
Request correction of the personal data that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us.
Request erasure of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have successfully exercised your right to object to processing (see below), where we may have processed your information unlawfully or where we are required to erase your personal data to comply with local law. Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request.
Object to processing of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and freedoms.
Request restriction of processing of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in the following scenarios: (a) if you want us to establish the data's accuracy; (b) where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it; (c) where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or (d) you have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.
Request the transfer of your personal data to you or to a third party. We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you.
Withdraw consent at any time where we are relying on consent to process your personal data. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.7.0 How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.8.0 Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.9.0 Internet copyright notice
This website and its content is copyright of Bignall Group - © Bignall Group (UK) Limited 2018. All rights reserved.
Any redistribution or reproduction of part or all of the contents in any form is prohibited other than the following:
You may print or download to a local hard disk extracts for your personal and non-commercial use only You may copy the content to individual third parties for their personal use, but only if you acknowledge the website as the source of the material
You may not, except with our express written permission, distribute or commercially exploit the content. Nor may you transmit it or store it in any other website or other form of electronic retrieval system.
10.0 Website disclaimer
The information contained in this website is for general information purposes only. The information is provided by Bignall Group and while we endeavour to keep the information up to date and correct, we make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability or availability with respect to the website or the information, products, services, or related graphics contained on the website for any purpose. Any reliance you place on such information is therefore strictly at your own risk.
In no event will we be liable for any loss or damage including without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any loss or damage whatsoever arising from loss of data or profits arising out of, or in connection with, the use of this website.
Through this website you are able to link to other websites which are not under the control of Bignall Group. We have no control over the nature, content and availability of those sites. The inclusion of any links does not necessarily imply a recommendation or endorse the views expressed within them.
Every effort is made to keep the website up and running smoothly. However, Bignall Group takes no responsibility for, and will not be liable for, the website being temporarily unavailable due to technical issues beyond our control.
Get in touch
Unit 15, Dabble Duck Ind Est, Shildon, County Durham, DL4 2QN
Telephone: +44 (0)1388 775 584Email: post@bignallgroup.com
Bignall Group
Shildon Manufacturing Company
Masterlube Lubrication Systems
Cobtec Cubicle Hardware
Reverse Alarm
Sitemap
Homepage
About UsCOVID-19 Face VisorsCapabilitiesContactNews
© Copyright 2017 - 2020 Bignall Group.   Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions.   Website by Edward Robertson.