http://www.jcb.com/en-gb/info/privacy-policy
GB
Search
Menu
Menu
Products
Products
Construction
Agriculture
Government and Defence
Logistics
OEM Solutions
Power Generation
Rental Solutions
Waste and Recycling
Used Equipment
Attachments
Workwear & Clothing
Merchandise Store
Power Tools
All Products (A–Z) View All
Access Platforms
Agricultural Tractors
Backhoe Loaders
Compact Track Loaders
Compaction Equipment
Defence Products
Drivetrain
Dumpsters
Generators
Industrial Forklifts
Lighting Towers
Mini Excavators
OEM Engines
Site Dumpers
Skid Steer Loaders
Telescopic Handlers
Telescopic Wheel Loaders
Tracked Excavators
Wheel Loaders
Wheeled Excavators
Close
FINANCE
Support
Customer Support
Extended Warranty
Parts
LiveLink
Service
Other
JCB DrivelineCover
JCB PremierCover
Batteries
Fliters
Lubricants
Service Exchange
Tracks
Tyres
Wearparts
LiveLink
Service Packages
Safety Datasheets
Service Pro RMI Portal
Close
Buy Online
Used
Careers
Contact Us
Find a dealer
Search
GB
0800 083 8015
LiveLink Login
Locate Dealer
Locate Dealer
Search
Search
Europe
India
Russia and CIS
Scandinavia
Africa
North America
South America
Middle East
Asia
Pacific
Caribbean
Great Britain and N Ireland
Ireland
Kosovo
Albania
Austria
Belgium Dutch
Belgium French
Bosnia Herzegovina
Bulgaria
Croatia
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Estonian Republic
France
Germany
Greece
Hungary
Iceland
Israel
Italy
Latvia
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macedonia
Malta
Montenegro
Netherlands
Poland
Portugal
Romania
Serbia
Slovakia
Slovenia
Spain
Switzerland
Turkey
Ukraine
India
Armenia
Azerbaijan
Belarus
Georgia
Kazakhstan
Moldova
Mongolia
Russia and CIS
Turkmenistan
Uzbekistan
Denmark
Faroe Islands
Finland
Iceland
Norway
Sweden
Africa
Canada
USA
Argentina
Bolivia
Brazil
Chile
Colombia
Costa Rica
Ecuador
El Salvador
Guatemala
Mexico
Nicaragua
Panama
Paraguay
Peru
Surinam
Uruguay
Venezuela
Bahrain
Egypt
Iraq
Jordan
Kuwait
Lebanon
Libya
Middle East
Oman
Pakistan
Qatar
Saudi Arabia
United Arab Emirates
Yemen
Bangladesh
Bhutan
Brunei
Cambodia
China
East Timor
Guam
Hong Kong
Indonesia
Japan
Laos
Malaysia
Myanmar
Nepal
Pakistan
Papua New Guinea
Philippines
Singapore
South Korea
Sri Lanka
Taiwan
Thailand
Vietnam
Australia
New Zealand
New Caledonia
French Polynesia
Fiji
Anguilla
Antigua and Barbuda
Aruba
Bahamas
Barbados
Belize
British Virgin Islands
Caribbean Netherlands
Cayman Islands
Cuba
Curacao
Dominica
Dominican Republic
French Guiana
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guyana
Haiti
Jamaica
Martinique
Montserrat
Puerto Rico
Saint Barthelemy
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Sint Maarten
Suriname
Trinidad
Turks and Caicos
United States Virgin Islands
Sales & Marketing Privacy Policy
INTRODUCTION
JCB is committed to protecting your personal information and complying with the General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR). This policy describes how we collect, use, store and disclose your personal information.
JCB is made up of a group of related companies and affiliates. JCB Sales Limited is the lead data controller in respect of personal data processed under this policy. JCB Sales Limited’s company number is 0792807 and registered address is JCB World Headquarters, Lakeside Works, Rocester, Uttoxeter, Staffordshire ST14 5JP. JCB sells its products (JCB Products) through an independent network of authorised dealers (JCB Dealers). JCB also works with approved finance partners to deliver financing solutions to customers in relation to JCB Products (JCB Finance Partners).
This policy applies to any personal information provided by you through the JCB website (www.jcb.com) or provided to JCB by JCB Dealers or JCB Finance Partners.
It is important that you read this privacy policy together with any other privacy policy JCB may provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing personal information about you so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your personal information (for example, JCB’s e-Recruitment Privacy Policy, JCB Parts Online Privacy Policy, JCB Technical Publications Store and JCB LiveLink Terms & Conditions). This policy supplements these other policies and is not intended to override them.
WHY DO WE COLLECT PERSONAL INFORMATION ABOUT YOU?
JCB collects personal information about you to inform you about, and provide you with, JCB Products or services, to deal with any enquiries you may have about them and to improve and develop these for the future.
WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
JCB collects the following types of personal information about you:
Forename and surname
E-mail address
Telephone number
Company Name
Address
Details of the JCB Product you are interested in
JCB Products often use JCB Livelink, telematics software which provides the machine location, critical machine alerts, maintenance records and other information about the functioning of your JCB Product. This information will be processed by JCB in accordance with JCB LiveLink Privacy Policy.
COOKIES
For detailed information on the cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them see the JCB Cookies Policy.
HOW DO WE RECEIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION ABOUT YOU?
JCB receives this personal information about you:
When you contact us directly or visit the JCB website (www.jcb.com) to request an e-brochure or a quote for a JCB Product or service or to make a general enquiry
Where you have contacted a JCB Dealer or JCB Finance Partner in relation to acquiring a JCB Product JCB may also receive this type of information from that JCB Dealer (or from IT systems that may be provided by JCB to the JCB Dealer) or JCB Finance Partner.
HOW DO WE USE PERSONAL INFORMATION ABOUT YOU?
JCB uses this personal information about you:
To identify who you are when you contact us
To provide you with the JCB Products or services you have requested and to understand what JCB Products you may be interested in
To contact you regarding your JCB Products to answer your technical queries or general enquiries or to administer warranty claims or product safety related communications
To improve JCB Products or services and to carry out customer surveys
To resolve complaints or issues you may have with a JCB Product or service
To send you marketing information about JCB Products or services
To invite you to JCB events you may be interested in
HOW WILL WE CONTACT YOU?
JCB and its third party service providers (eg, marketing fulfilment agencies), JCB Dealers and JCB Finance Partners may contact you by post, telephone, email and/or text message, unless you have told us not to or have registered with the telephone or post preference services.
WHO DO WE PROVIDE THIS PERSONAL INFORMATION TO?
JCB will provide your personal information to:
The JCB group and the relevant JCB Dealer if you are acquiring or are interested in acquiring JCB Products or services or to benefit you for service support in relation to your JCB Products
The relevant JCB Finance Partners if you are acquiring or are interested in acquiring their products or services
Our service providers who perform services on our behalf, such as marketing fulfilment agencies or IT service providers
WHERE WE STORE YOUR INFORMATION
All personal information we have about you is stored on secure servers operated by JCB or its third party service providers. These third party service providers have access to your personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes. JCB ensures that these third party service providers will only process your personal data in accordance with this policy and applicable Data Protection legislation.
DATA TRANSFERS
Your personal information may be transferred to JCB offices operating in countries outside the European Economic Area (EEA) or may be processed by JCB’s third party service providers based or operating outside the EEA. JCB will use appropriate safeguards to ensure that your personal data is treated securely and in accordance the Data Protection legislation in connection to such transfers or processing of your personal data outside the EEA.
DATA RETENTION
Your personal information will be held in JCB’s customer relationship management systems for an indefinite period to manage our relationship with you. JCB will carry out periodic data cleanses of this information to ensure that it is up to date and accurate.
YOUR RIGHTS
You have the following rights in connection with your personal information processed by JCB:
ACCESS – you can request access to your personal information and further details about how your personal information is handled by JCB
OBJECT – you have the right to object to our processing of your personal information for direct marketing purposes or where the processing isn’t necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by JCB or by a third party
RECTIFICATION – you can request rectification of any incorrect personal data held about you
ERASURE – you can request erasure of any personal data where the processing isn’t necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by JCB or by a third party
You have the right at any time to withdraw consent to receiving marketing from JCB and/or to amend the delivery method we use. To manage your rights and delivery preferences please follow the instructions in our marketing communications, enquiry forms or write to us at:
Post: Customer First Department, JCB Sales Limited, JCB World Headquarters, Lakeside Works, Rocester, Uttoxeter, Staffordshire ST14 5JP
Email: customersurveyteam@jcb.com
You can also exercise any of these rights at any time by contacting us using the contact details provided below.
If you are concerned or have questions about how JCB handles your personal data please contact us and we will do our best to assist you.
Please note that you have the right to lodge a complaint with the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (or any other appropriate supervisory authority), which may be accessed through the following link https://ico.org.uk/concerns/.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
JCB reserve the right to revise this privacy policy or any part of it from time to time. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our privacy policy.
CONTACT DETAILS
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy should be addressed to Worldwide Marketing & Brand Director, JCB Sales Limited, JCB World Headquarters, Lakeside Works, Rocester, Uttoxeter, Staffordshire ST14 5JP.
Cookies
What are Cookies
Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information which are downloaded to your browser or hard drive of your device.  These cookies allow us to distinguish your browser from that of other users of our website.  Cookies may store your preferences and other information but cannot read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites.
Cookies do lots of different jobs.  They help us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allow us to improve our site both generally and for your specific use.
Cookies themselves cannot be used to identify you personally, although please see notes below regarding linkage of information gained with personally identifiable information.
Acceptance of Cookies
When you first access our site, you will receive a message advising you that cookies are in use.  This message may also appear in the event that we change any cookies in use that have a bearing on this policy.  By clicking to accept, closing the message or continuing to browse the site, you signify that you understand and agree to the use of these cookies, as further described in this policy.
Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings including the ability to refuse or restrict cookies.  You may also delete cookies after they have been placed on your device.  However if you do not accept, restrict or delete cookies at any time, this may affect the functionality of the site and it may take more time to work.  You can find more information about cookies at www.allaboutcookies.org and www.youronlinechoices.eu.
Cookies that We Use
The cookies we use on this site are as follows:
Opt-In Cookie
If you chose to accept cookies, we then use a cookie to record your acceptance of the use of cookies on our site.  We also use cookies to test if your browser is set to allow cookies.
Strictly necessary cookies
These are cookies that are required for the operation of our website for it to work properly.  They include, for example, cookies that stop unauthorised posting of content and further cookies that enable you to make use of services provided through the site. These expire at the end of the session when a user exits browser.
Analytical or performance cookies
These analytical cookies are used to recognise different new and returning visitors and count the number of visitors to the site and to see how visitors use our site and move around it when they are using it.  The performance cookies also measure the performance of the site and its various pages.  We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site.  The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, the pages they have visited on the site and where visitors have come to the site from, and the performance of pages.  This allows us to make improvements to the site by understanding how people use it and the user experience.  They do not track your browsing activity on other websites.  These cookies include Google Analytics, Visual Website Optimiser and HotJar cookies.   Certain of these cookies do remain on your browser after the end of a session for varying periods of between 24 hours and 2 years.
The site has a toolbar to enable you to share our site on social networking sites such as Facebook and Twitter.  We use a cookie that aggregates data about what pages are shared, when and how often.  This is used to help us better understand our visitors and to make improvements to the site.
Functionality or customisation cookies
These are used to recognise you when you return to our site.   They also collect information about how users access and move through the site. This enables us to personalise our content for you and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).  Certain of these cookies do remain on your browser after the end of a session for varying periods of between 24 hours and 2 years.
Targeting cookies
These cookies record your visit to our website, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed.  We will use this information to make our website and the advertising displayed on it more relevant to your interests.   Where an individual has previously submitted personal information on the site (for example, requested a brochure) and the same device is then used to revisit the site we may link the information obtained from use of certain of these cookies (Pardot cookie being an example) with the personal information previously obtained so that we have a greater understanding of the interests of the person visiting the site through the device and can therefore seek to make our contact with you (in accordance with our privacy policy) more relevant to your interests.  Certain of these cookies do remain on your browser after the end of a session for varying periods of between 24 hours and 5 years.
Third party cookies: targeted advertising and social networking
The AddThis sharing platform and other third parties (for example, advertising networks, providers of external services like web traffic analysis services and social media and other website providers such as Facebook, youtube, Google and Bing that you may use to share links from the site or otherwise interact with the site (for example, via widgets such as the ‘like’ button or by viewing an embedded video) may place cookies on your computer to enable integration of social media functions, for analytical or performance tracking and for targeted advertising purposes (by using information about your visits to our site and other websites in order to provide relevant advertisements about goods and services that you may be interested in).  JCB does not have any control over these cookies.  You should read their respective privacy policies carefully to find out what happens to any data that these services collect.
General
We may edit this policy from time to time. Please check this policy regularly for any changes.
Further information about how we use your information is available in our Privacy Policy.