http://www.strandmarketing.com/privacy-policy/
Strand Marketing, a NOWSPEED company
SERVICESSTRATEGYCREATIVEDEMAND GENERATIONaboutPLATFORMWORKCLIENT SNAPSHOTSupdatesCONTACT
978-463-0780
SERVICESSTRATEGYCREATIVEDEMAND GENERATIONaboutPLATFORMWORKCLIENT SNAPSHOTSupdatesCONTACT
Privacy Policy for Strand Marketing
1.    What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you fill out a form, download content, and sign up to receive updates. This includes your email and some demographic information.
2.    What do we use your information for?
Strand Marketing collects information from our users at several different points on our website; Wherever we collect personal information, when you sign up to receive relevant updates and promotional emails, and when you download pieces of content/resources. We use your information to make your user experience as smooth as possible, utilizing cookies to allow you to access to all our gated content anytime you visit our site. You’ll also receive an email when we update our site with new products or technical information.
3.    Do we use cookies?
We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits, and keep track of and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
4.    Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or transfer your information to outside parties. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
5.    We are GDPR Compliant
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), is meant to protect the data and rights of individuals who are in the European Union and European Economic Area (EU/EEA). More than that, the GDPR details how organizations are to deal with these individuals' personal data in safe, secure, open, and benign ways. Responsibility for compliance extends to any organization that communicates with individuals who are in the EU/EEA. GDPR affects both organizations that are established in the EU/EEA, and to many organizations that operate outside of the EU/EEA and interact with individuals who are in the EU/EEA. Enforcement of the GDPR began on May 25, 2018.
6.    We use Sharp Spring for Marketing Automation
SharpSpring met the GDPR requirements prior May 25, 2018. To remain compliant with the GDPR, SharpSpring will continue to implement and maintain changes to software and policies to specifically address these new GDPR responsibilities and continue to assist customers in meeting some of their responsibilities under the GDPR.
7.    Corrections and Concerns
If you believe that any of the information we hold about you is inaccurate, please tell us. We will promptly investigate your request, determine if it is appropriate to make any change and respond accordingly. If you require access to your personal information or have any concerns about this policy, contact us.
8.    Review of Anonymous Data from Google Analytics
We are committed to ensuring that our website contains content that is valuable and useful to our customers and potential customers who visit. To assist us in this, we have implemented the Google Analytics demographics and interest reporting features on our website. These tools allow us to review anonymous data regarding the gender, age and interests of website visitors and adapt our website content to better reflect their needs. Although this information is collected through your Google Ad settings, it is not provided to us in a personally-identifiable format. This means we cannot identify what information is about you, and we will not try to figure it out. You can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize Google Display Network Ads using the Google Ad settings or through the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on.
9.    Third Party Advertising
In addition to using cookies, we also may permit certain third party companies such as Google Ads and Facebook Advertising to help us tailor advertising that we think may be of interest to users and to collect and use other data about user activities on our Site and/or Services (e.g., to allow them to tailor ads on third party services). These companies may deliver ads that might also place cookies and otherwise track user behavior. These companies may use information about user behavior in order to provide customized advertisements across various services and products. In the course of providing these services, products or placing advertisements, these third party companies may place or recognize a unique cookie on your computer, and may record information to these cookies based upon your activities on our Site and/or Services and on third party websites. Each of these companies uses this cookie information according to their own privacy and security policies. Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out of targeted advertisements by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative Opt Out page. For further information on behavioral targeting and to opt out of being targeted for any behavioral advertising by any member of the Internet Advertising Bureau, please visit YourAdChoices.com.
10.    Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
11.     Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Thank you,
Strand Marketing
Ready to light things up?
Drop us a line >>
SERVICES
STRATEGY
CREATIVE
DEMAND GENERATION
WORK
ABOUT
UPDATES
CONTACT
Strand Marketing, a NOWSPEED company
200 Friberg Parkway, Suite 4005
Westborough, MA 01581
508-616-0111
Copyright © 1997 to 2020 Strand Marketing, Inc.
Privacy Policy
508-616-0111
COPYRIGHT © 1997 to 2020 STRAND MARKETING, a NOWSPEED company