http://www.centralrestaurant.com/privacy-policy
Questions?
Tap to Call
(800) 215-9293
(800) 222-5108
Toggle navigation
Logout
Chat
Contact Us
Catalog Request
Email Sign Up
Company
Sign in
My Account
Dashboard
Settings
Statement
Orders
Order History
Quotes
My Cart
Wishlist
Need Help?
Chat Now
Call us: 800.215.9293
Resource Center
Log In
View Cart
Checkout
Search
Top Search Terms:
freezer
| microwave
| slicer
| oven
| refrigerator
View Cart
My Account
Logout
Cooking Equipment
Commercial Ovens
Commercial Steamers
Warming and Holding Equipment
Commercial Ranges
Commercial Deep Fryers
Griddles
Charbroilers and Grills
Commercial Toasters
Range Accessories
Shop All Cooking Equipment
Food Preparation
Stainless Work Tables
Mixers
Food and Vegetable Processing
Storage Containers and Labels
Slicers
Cookware Supplies
Steam Table Pans
Blenders and Juicers
Hot Food Tables and Accessories
Cutlery and Knives
Shop All Food Preparation
Refrigeration
Commercial Ice Machines
Reach In Refrigerators
Reach In Freezers
Glass Door Merchandisers
Commercial Prep Tables
Undercounter and Worktop Refrigeration
Bar Refrigerators
Walk In Coolers and Freezers
Refrigerated Display Cases
Milk Coolers
Shop All Refrigeration
Furniture
Restaurant Seating - Metal
Outdoor Furniture
Restaurant Tables
Restaurant Seating - Wood
Restaurant Booths
K-12 School Furniture and Equipment
Stacking and Folding Chairs
Furniture Sets
Child Seating
Office Furniture
Shop All Furniture
Dining Room
Buffet Equipment and Supplies
Bar Supplies and Equipment
Coffee and Beverage Supplies
Catering Equipment and Supplies
Drinkware, Barware and Stemware
Dinnerware - China and Glass
Flatware
Food Service Trays
Melamine and Plastic Dinnerware
Food Serving
Shop All Dining Room
Shelving Racks & Carts
Carts Trolleys and Trucks
Restaurant Shelving
Storage Racks
Metro Shelving
Wall Shelving
Specialty Shelving
Cambro Shelving
Dunnage
Dinnerware Storage and Transport
Shelving Accessories
Shop All Shelving Racks and Carts
Pizza and Concessions
Commercial Pizza Ovens
Concessions Merchandisers
Pizza Serving and Holding
Concessions Equipment
Pizza Dough Equipment
Pizza Pans and Pizza Screens
Condiment Serving
Cup and Lid Dispensers
Shop All Pizza and Concessions
Dishwashing Sanitation
Commercial Dishwashers
Commercial Sinks
Trash Cans and Waste Removal
Faucets and Pre-Rinse Sprayers
Matting and Treads
Floor Care
Disposers and Grease Traps
Restroom Supplies
Dishwashing Accessories
Dish and Glass Racks
Shop All Dishwashers and Sanitation
School Supplies
Sale & Clearance
Sale
Clearance
MORE
Hospitality
Consumables
Parts
Vendors
Free Shipping
Same Day Shipping
GSA Information
Segments
Buying Guides
Resources
Privacy Policy
At Central Products, LLC (DBA "Central Restaurant Products"), we are committed to protecting your privacy. Central Restaurant Products takes precautions to ensure the security of your Company information and strives to keep it accurate. Central Restaurant Products carefully protects your Company information from loss, destruction, falsification, manipulation and unauthorized access or unauthorized disclosure. Central Restaurant Products may use your Company information to contact you about a Central Restaurant Products offer in support of your business needs or to conduct online surveys to better understand our customers' needs and profiles. If you choose not to have your Company information used to support our customer relationship, Central Restaurant Products will respect your choice.
Security
Our secure server software (SSL) is the industry standard and is among the best security software available for secure commerce transactions. Designed with the support of Digicert, the leading provider of Public Key Infrastructure (PKI) and digital certificate solutions used by web sites to ensure secure communications. DigiCert Seal We encrypt all of your personal information including credit card number, name and address so that it cannot be read as information travels over the internet.
Email Notifications
We will email you about questions or changes regarding your order (including shipping confirmations), as well as notify you of special offers and promotions. We may also occasionally email you to notify you of important functionality changes at our site. If you would rather not receive notifications of special offers and promotions, you may unsubscribe by contacting us at the address below.
Information Shared with Other Companies
The information that you give us and information about your order may be combined with other personally-identifiable information (such as demographic information and past purchase history) available from our records and other sources. This information will be used to make our future marketing efforts more efficient. This information may also be shared with other marketers to bring you offers of interest. If you prefer that we do not share your name and address with other marketers, please contact us at the address below.
Unsubscribe and Change Information
Email: c-s@centralrestaurant.com
Fax: 800-882-0086
Phone: 800-215-9293, press "0" (Mon-Fri 8 AM to 8 PM EST, Sat 9 AM to 1 PM EST)
Mail: Customer Service Central Restaurant Products 7750 Georgetown Rd. Indianapolis, IN 46268
Cookies and Related Technologies
Central Restaurant Products uses tracking technology (“cookies”) on the website, including a unique Central Restaurant Products user ID to help us recognize you across the website, to monitor usage and web traffic, and to customize and improve the website. By visiting the website, you agree to the use of cookies in your browser and HTML-based emails. Cookies are small text files placed on your device when you visit a website, in order to track use of the site and to improve your user experience.
Session Cookies
The website uses “session cookies”, which improve your user experience by storing certain information from your current visit on your device, such as log-in information. These enable us to remember your log-in session so you can move easily within the website. Other examples of our use of session cookies include to track the number of visits by a particular visitor to a page and to store items in your online shopping cart. These session cookies have limited functionalities and expirations, and you will be required to re-enter your Central Restaurant Products log-in information after a certain period of time has elapsed to protect you against others accidentally accessing your account contents and related Personal Information.
Performance and Remarketing Cookies
Partners who help us serve advertising on and off the website and analytics companies may also put cookies on your device. We use several third-party vendors to help deliver ads for relevant Central Restaurant Products products and services to you when you visit certain pages on our website and then visit certain third-party sites. We may share with third-party ad partners a cryptographic hash of a common account identifier (such as an email address), to help us measure and tailor ads and services provided to you. Below is information about one such vendor. Please note that this Privacy Policy covers only our use of cookies and does not include use of cookies by any third parties.
Online Tracking How We Respond to Do Not Track Signals
Online tracking is the collection of data about an individual’s Internet activity used to deliver targeted advertisements and for other purposes. Some web browsers (including Safari, Internet Explorer, Firefox, and Chrome) incorporate a “Do Not Track” (DNT) or similar feature that signals to websites that a visitor does not want to have his/her online activity and behavior tracked. If an online service elects to respond to a particular DNT signal, the service may refrain from collecting certain personal information about the browser’s user. Not all browsers offer a DNT option and there is currently no industry consensus as to what constitutes a DNT signal. For these reasons, Central Restaurant Products does not take action to respond to DNT signals. For more information about DNT signals, visit All About Do Not Track • DNT
i)Google Analytics
Central Restaurant Products uses a specific cookie in order to facilitate the use of Google Universal Analytics for users logged-in to the website (Logged-In User). If you are a Logged-In User, Central Restaurant Products may use your Central Restaurant Products user ID in combination with Google Universal Analytics and Google Analytics to track and analyze the pages of the website you visit. We do this only to better understand how you use the website, with a view to offering improvements for all Central Restaurant Products users; and to tailor our business and marketing activities accordingly, both generally and specifically to you. Google Analytics cookies do not provide Central Restaurant Products with any Personal Information. Learn more about privacy at Google and to opt-out of this feature by installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on.
ii)Google Display Advertising
Additionally, Central Restaurant Products uses Google Analytics code that allows for certain forms of display advertising and other advanced features. Subject to change, the Google Display Advertising features that Central Restaurant Products currently uses are Remarketing, Google Display Network Impression Reporting, and Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting.
These features are used to advertise online; to allow third-party vendors, including Google, to show you advertising across the Internet; to allow Central Restaurant Products and third-party vendors, including Google, to use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies together to inform, optimize, and serve ads based on your past visits to the website and to report how ad impressions, uses of ad services, and interactions with these ad impressions and ad services are related to visits to the website. Data from Google's interest-based advertising or third-party audience data (such as age, gender, and interests) is also combined with Google Analytics to better understand the needs of Central Restaurant Products users and to improve the services offered by Central Restaurant Products.
You may opt out of such display advertising at any time by visiting your Google Ads Settings page or by installing and running the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on.
Central Restaurant Products uses other third-party performance and remarketing cookies, and further information on those third-party cookies can be obtained by contacting us.
Central Restaurant Products may also use related technologies including web beacons, bugs, pixels, and software tokens in order to facilitate your use of the website.
Most computer and some mobile web browsers automatically accept cookies but, if you prefer, you can change your browser to prevent that or to notify you each time a cookie is set. The Network Advertising Initiative has also developed a tool that may help you understand which third parties have currently enabled cookies for your browser and opt-out of those cookies. Further information can be found at http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp. Please note however that, by blocking or deleting cookies, you may not be able to take full advantage of the website. If you do not want to receive tracking pixels, you will need to disable HTML images in your email client, and that may affect your ability to view images in other emails that you receive.
close
close
Item successfully added to your cart
Qty
Item
Description
Price
Total
View Cart
Checkout