http://www.dbmusicproduction.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy | DB Music Production and Travel Guide Tours
Privacy Policy – DB Music Production and Travel Guide Tours
Skip to content
Search for:
DB Music Production and Travel Guide Tours
Whether you're looking for better places or cheaper transportation, the advice in this article should help you put together a fantastic trip.
Home
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Travel Tips
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy:DB Music Production ("DB Music Production") operates dbmusicproduction.com/ and may operate other websites. It is dbmusicproduction's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, DB Music Production collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. dbmusicproduction's purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how dbmusicproduction's visitors use its website. From time to time, DB Music Production may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
DB Music Production also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on dbmusicproduction.com/ blogs/sites. DB Music Production only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to dbmusicproduction's websites choose to interact with DB Music Production in ways that require DB Music Production to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that DB Music Production gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up
at dbmusicproduction.com/ to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with DB Music Production are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, DB Music Production collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with DB Music Production. DB Music Production does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
DB Music Production may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. DB Music Production may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, DB Music Production does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
DB Music Production discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on dbmusicproduction's behalf or to provide services available at dbmusicproduction's websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using dbmusicproduction's websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. DB Music Production will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, DB Music Production discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when DB Music Production believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of DB Music Production, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an DB Music Production website and have supplied your email address, DB Music Production may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what's going on with DB Music Production and our products.
If you send us a request (for example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. DB Music Production takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. DB Music Production uses cookies to help DB Music Production identify and track visitors, their usage of DB Music Production website, and their website access preferences. DB Music Production visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using dbmusicproduction's websites, with the drawback that certain features of dbmusicproduction's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If DB Music Production, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that DB Music Production goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of DB Music Production may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by DB Music Production and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, DB Music Production may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in dbmusicproduction's sole discretion. DB Music Production encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have a dbmusicproduction.com/ account, you might also receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Search for:
Social Icon
Unknown Feed
Recent Posts
3 Advantages of Hole In One Insurance Which will Switch Your Perspective.
Nine Fantastic Approaches to Advertise Hole In One Insurance.
The Ten Secrets and techniques About ICast 2020 Only a Handful Of men and women Know.
8 Sudden Tactics World’s Biggest Indoor Amusement Park Might make Your life More effective.
Why Are Children So Obsessed with How To Choose A Kayaking Paddle.
Copyright © 2020 DB Music Production and Travel Guide Tours.
Powered by WordPress.				 |
Theme: Accent.