http://www.videx.com/privacy-policy
Skip to content
PRIVACY POLICY
Last Revised: May 30, 2018
This Videx Digital Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) outlines the obligations of Videx, Inc., a corporation organized under the laws of the state of Oregon, having its principal offices at 1105 N.E. Circle Boulevard, Corvallis, OR 97330 U.S.A. (hereafter “Videx”), regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of any information collected from you during your access to or use of this website (available at www.videx.com, hereafter “Videx Site”). By accessing or using the Videx Site from any computer, mobile phone, or other electronic device you consent to our Privacy Policy and to the collection, storage, and use of your information in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy. Videx reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time without prior notice, effective immediately upon posting to the Videx Site. Videx will notify you when modifications are made to this Privacy Policy by posting a notice on the Videx Site. You hereby waive any right to receive specific notice of modifications to this Privacy Policy. Accordingly, we encourage you to review our Privacy Policy frequently. Your continued access to or use of the Videx Site shall constitute acceptance to this Privacy Policy as modified. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into, and is subject to, our Terms of Use.
COLLECTION OF INFORMATION
Voluntary Submissions
We collect information that you voluntarily provide to us or allow us to access. Information you provide through our web forms and other means may include, but is not limited to, your name, company affiliation (if any), job title, email and physical address, telephone number, facsimile number, company or personal website, and any other information you may voluntarily provide. For details regarding how we use your information, please see ‘Use of Information’ below.
Automatic Collection
When you visit the Videx Site certain information regarding your device may be collected automatically. For example, information regarding your computer’s operating system, browser type and language, date and time you access the Videx Site, and referring website address. Videx may use this information as aggregate data from time-to-time to help us maintain and improve the Videx Site. We will not use this automatically collected information to identify individuals, except for in cooperation with law enforcement to investigate and prosecute any violations of our Terms of Use or applicable laws and regulations.
Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from children under the age of sixteen. To support the protection of children’s privacy online, use of the Videx Site by children under the age of sixteen is prohibited.
Cookies
Except for cookies that may be utilized by Google Analytics for the limited purposes described below, the Videx Site does not use cookies for any purpose. Please be aware that Videx may elect to use cookies on the Videx Site in the future, and will notify you upon arrival at the Videx Site if cookies are used.
Google Analytics
Videx utilizes “Google Analytics” to collect information about general use of the Videx Site. Google Analytics automatically collects information including, but not limited to, how often users visit the Videx Site, what pages users visit on the Videx Site, and the address of websites visited prior to arriving at the Videx Site. Videx uses the information collected by Google Analytics solely to improve and optimize your experience on the Videx Site. Google Analytics may collect an IP address associated with your device, however Videx does not have access to any IP address information collected by Google Analytics. In order to further protect your privacy while browsing the Videx Site, Videx utilizes Google Analytics IP anonymization feature to ensure that no identifying information is stored as a result of our use of Google Analytics. Google Analytics may place a first-party cookie on your web browser. Web browsers do not share first-party cookies across domains. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use and the Google Privacy Policy. You are free to prevent Google Analytics from recognizing you on return visits to the Videx Site by disabling cookies on your browser.
USE OF INFORMATION
Automatically Collected Information
Videx uses non-identifiable information to understand how users interact with the Videx Site and to improve content and optimize performance of the Videx Site. This includes any general usage information collected through our use of Google Analytics.
Information You Provide
Videx may use personally identifiable information that you voluntarily provide for internal purposes such as marketing, customer administration, delivery of products and services, administration of the Videx Site, and to communicate with you in response to your inquiries or concerns. The Videx Site includes notifications to alert you when you are about to submit identifiable information to Videx, and further requires that you expressly consent to providing such information to Videx prior to any submission of information. Videx does not share this information with third parties except as indicated in the “Sharing of Information” section below.
Duration of Use
Subject to the removal process provided in the “Information Choices and Contacting Videx” section below, Videx retains your information as follows:
Videx retains and uses contact information that you voluntarily provide for an indefinite period in order to (a) respond to your inquiry and provide you with information relating to Videx products and services; (b) to refer you to a Certified Reseller of Videx products, as explained below in “Sharing of Information”; and (c) to keep you informed of new product releases, upcoming events, and important data collection news. If you have voluntarily provided your email address to Videx, please be aware that you can unsubscribe from our emails at any time by clicking the ‘unsubscribe’ link at the bottom of the email message.
Videx continuously receives new inquiries from prospective customers. Accordingly, Videx retains and uses information that you voluntarily provide via our ‘Partner Application’ for an indefinite period in order to best manage future inquiries and connect prospective end-users with a Certified Reseller.
SHARING OF INFORMATION
Videx does not share your personally identifiable information with third parties except as follows:
With your consent, including if we provide notice on the Videx Site that the information you provide will be shared in a particular manner and you subsequently and voluntarily provide such information;
With third party vendors, resellers, consultants, and other service providers who work with Videx or on our behalf and require access to your information to carry out their work for Videx, or to provide you with information, products, or services that you have previously inquired about, requested, or ordered;
When Videx believes in good faith that disclosure is legally required, for example pursuant to a warrant, subpoena, or court order, or to protect our rights and property;
To investigate or prosecute violations of our Terms of Use or violations of any applicable laws and regulations.
SECURITY
Videx undertakes all reasonable measures to protect your personal identification, both online and offline, in an effort to safeguard against loss or misuse, unauthorized access, unauthorized disclosure, alteration, and destruction. Please note that electronic communication, particularly email, is not unconditionally secure against unlawful interception. Please do not send sensitive data to Videx by email or web form (e.g. Social Security Numbers, credit card numbers, or bank account information).
INTERNATIONAL USERS
Our online operations are conducted, in whole or in part, in the United States. Regardless of your residence or current location, you hereby consent to have the personal information you provide transferred, processed, and stored in the United States, and you further consent to the collection and use of your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
TERMS OF USE
Your use of the Videx Site, and any services or products that we may provide in connection with such use, is subject to this Privacy Policy, our Terms of Use, and any applicable laws and regulations. If you have not yet read our Terms of Use, please do so before continuing to access or use the Videx Site.
INFORMATION CHOICES AND CONTACTING VIDEX
You may use the contact information provided below to send requests to change your personal information (e.g. change of address) or to completely remove your personal information from our records. You may also use this contact information to send any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, our Terms of Use, or the Videx Site.
Attn: Legal Department
Videx, Inc.
1105 NE Circle Blvd.
Corvallis, OR 97330