https://www.pfm.it/en/privacy/
English
Italiano
Deutsch
PFM
PFM in Numbers
Brands
History
Partners
Mission
Research & Development
Quality
Economic Policy
Service
Advertising
PFM_Lab
Packaging Machinery
Horizontal Flow Wrapping
Horizontal Form Fill Seal (pouch)
Vertical Form Fill Seal
Automatic Packaging Lines
Multihead Weighers
Dosing Systems
Applications
Fruit & Vegetables
Meat and sausages
Pasta
Coffee
Cheese
Bakery
Beverages
Pet food
Pharma
Snacks
Sweets
Wet wipes
Pack Style
Packaging in Recyclable Film
Standard Pillow Bags
Gusseted Bags
Three Side Sealed Bags
Stand-Up Pouch
Block Bottom Bags
Steelo Bag
Reclosable Bags
Pocket Bag®
Flex-Can
Sales Network
News
Trade Shows
Contact Us
PFM Bridge
(+39) 0445.66.22.00 —
info@pfm.it
Privacy Policy
Pfm Group > Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Dear Interested Person, we wish to inform you that “European Regulation 2016/679 on the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of Personal Data and on the free movement of such data” (hereinafter “GDPR”) provides for the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data as a fundamental right. In accordance with Article 13 of the GDPR, therefore, we inform you that:
DATA CATEGORIES :
PFM Packaging Machinery S.p.a. will process your personal data such as:
Data collected automatically.
The computer systems and applications dedicated to the operation of this website collect, during their normal operation, some data (the transmission of which is implicit in the use of Internet communication protocols) potentially associated with identifiable users. The data collected includes IP addresses and domain names of computers used by users connecting to the site, URI (Uniform Resource Identifier) of requested resources, the time of the request, the method used to submit the request to the server, the size of the file obtained in reply, the numerical code indicating the status of the response from the server (successful, error, etc..) and other parameters regarding the operating system, browser and computer environment used by the user. These data are processed, for the time strictly necessary, for the sole purpose of obtaining statistical information on the use of the site and to monitor its proper operation. The provision of such data is mandatory as it is directly linked to the experience of web browsing.
Data provided voluntarily by the user.
The voluntary and explicit sending of electronic mail to the addresses indicated in the different access channels of this site does not require consent and the possible compilation of specifically prepared forms involves the subsequent acquisition of the address and data of the sender / user, necessary to respond to the requests produced and / or provide the requested service. The voluntary sending of e-mails by you to our e-mail addresses does not require any further information or consent requests. On the contrary, specific summary information will be reported or displayed in the pages of the site prepared for particular services on request (form). The user must therefore explicitly consent to the use of the data contained in these forms in order to send the request.
Cookies.
The site uses technical cookies / third party profiling which may collect navigation data of users, the provision of which is optional and is done through the expression of a free and informed consent. Cookies operate in order to analyze the effectiveness of the site and make it easier and more intuitive over time. The data collected through cookies is used to make your browsing experience more enjoyable and more efficient in the future, trying to assess your behavior and to change the offer of content according to their behavior. A cookie policy web page is available for further information.
SOURCE OF PERSONAL DATA:
The personal data in possession of PFM Packaging Machinery S.p.a. are collected directly from the interested party.
DATA CONTROLLER:
The data controller:
PFM Packaging Machinery S.p.a.
Via Pasubio 49, 36036 Torrebelvicino (Vicenza) Italia
Cap. Soc. Euro 774.000 i.v. – R.E.A. Vicenza 107207 – p.iva: 00171090244
can be contacted by telephone on  (+39) 0445.66.22.00 or by e-mail at info@pfm.it
PURPOSE OF DATA PROCESSING AND LEGAL BASIS:
The processing of your data has as legal basis your consent and is carried out for the following purpose: To improve the experience of web browsing.
THE RECIPIENTS OF THE DATA:
Within the limits relevant to the purposes of processing indicated, your data may be disclosed to partners, consulting companies, private companies, appointed by the Data Controller or for legal obligations or to fulfill your specific requests. Your data will not be disclosed in any way except. The persons in charge of the processing and the persons in charge of the processing are promptly identified in the Privacy Document, updated periodically.
DATA TRANSFER ABROAD:
The data collected in this website are subject to transfer outside the European Community
PERIOD OF RETENTION:
The data collected will be stored for a period of time not exceeding the achievement of the purposes for which they are processed (“principle of conservation limitation”, art. 5, GDPR) or according to the deadlines provided by law. The verification of the obsolescence of the stored data in relation to the purposes for which it was collected is carried out periodically.
RIGHTS OF THE DATA SUBJECT:
The person concerned has the right at any time to ask the Owner to access your data, rectify or cancel them, limit the treatment or the possibility to oppose the treatment, request the portability of data, revoke consent to the treatment by exercising these and other rights provided by the GDPR by simple communication to the Owner. The data subject may also lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
WHETHER CONSENT IS MANDATORY OR NOT:
The provision of your data is mandatory while browsing our website.
MODALITIES OF DATA TREATMENT:
The personal data provided by you will be processed in compliance with the aforementioned law and the obligations of confidentiality which inspire the activity of the Owner. The data will be processed both with IT tools and on paper or on any other suitable medium, in compliance with the appropriate security measures pursuant to art. 5 par. 1f of the GDPR.
Legal notices
Access to this web site, owned by PFM Packaging Machinery S.p.A. with registered office in Via Pasubio 49, 36036 Torrebelvicino (Vicenza) Italy, involves compliance with the following requirements by each user, who undertakes not to infringe the rights of the owner or of third parties on privacy regulations, intellectual property, cyber-crime.
Copyright
Trademarks, domain names and all other distinguishing marks as well as texts, videos and images on this site are the exclusive property of  PFM Packaging Machinery S.p.A. or of entitled third parties, and the user is expressly and strictly forbidden to use any of the above without the consent of the owner, except in the case of reproductions made exclusively for personal use or of temporary reproductions necessary for navigation within the site. All the material published on this site is protected by copyright: it is therefore forbidden to use the intellectual property present therein without the consent of the owner. It  is strictly forbidden to modify, copy, reproduce, distribute, transmit and disseminate without the above required authorisation any computer programs (software) through which this site is operated, create similar programmes, trace and/or use the source code of such programs.
The violation of the foregoing may result in the application of the penalties provided for by art. 171, 171-bis, 171-ter, 174-bis and 174-ter of Italian Law of 22nd April 1941, No. 633.
Provision of information and content
Except as provided for in connection with the provision of personal data, any information and content optionally provided by the user will be deemed to be non-confidential and therefore the owner will be free to use and disclose such information for any purpose and without any presumption of compensation.
Responsibilities
PFM Packaging Machinery S.p.A. makes every effort to provide accurate and up-to-date information, but cannot guarantee the accuracy, timeliness or completeness of the information made available on this site. PFM Packaging Machinery S.p.A. declines any and all responsibility for direct and / or indirect damages that may be caused to third parties and that may derive from possible errors or inaccuracies in the information or from the failure to update such information. The contents may be modified or removed without notice. Under no circumstances will PFM Packaging Machinery S.p.A. be held responsible for any damage caused by the connection with their site even in case of computer viruses or other causes, and reserves the right to prosecute any activity aimed at causing damage to the site or limiting its use in the appropriate courts of law. The site may  offer hyperlinks (link), it being understood that the owner does not assume any responsibility in relation to the content of such sites, the use of such sites by third parties or for any damage caused by accessing such sites or by interconnecting with the same.
The user undertakes to hold harmless PFM Packaging Machinery S.p.A., any subjects related to the company, its representatives, employees and any of its partners from any and all obligations or compensation request, including reasonable legal expenses, that may result from the consultation of this site.
Processing of personal data
Users are invited to read the “privacy policy” for further information on how the personal data related to the use of this site are processed.
For further information, please write to info@pfm.it.
Connect with us
(+39) 0445.66.22.00
(+39) 0445.57.01.75
info@pfm.it
PFM Packaging Machinery S.p.a.
Via Pasubio 49, 36036 Torrebelvicino (Vicenza) Italia
Cap. Soc. Euro 774.000 i.v. - R.E.A. Vicenza 107207 - p.iva: 00171090244