http://www.band-it-idex.com/privacy-statement
Cookie Law Consent Text
BAND-IT IDEX, Inc. Cookie Notice
BAND-IT IDEX, Inc. uses cookies to collect information about the use of our web sites. We use different cookies to operate our website, analyze the use of the website, improve the performance of our website and display suitable advertisement that might be relevant to you.
Some of these cookies are provided by third parties. You can accept all cookies or reject all but the necessary cookies.
Further information can be found in our cookie notice
Privacy Statement
Home
Privacy Statement
BAND-IT-IDEX.com Privacy Statement
This privacy statement was last revised on July 31, 2020
1. Scope and Introduction for all Website Visitors
The BAND-IT IDEX, Inc. Privacy Statement (“Statement”) explains how personal data is collected, used and disclosed by BAND-IT IDEX, Inc. when users access and use the services and features offered on our website http://www.band-it-idex.com and any of our other websites or mobile applications that link to this Statement (the “Sites”).
This Statement is supplemented, and are incorporated herein, by the BAND-IT IDEX, Inc.  Cookie Notice, the BAND-IT IDEX, Inc. Business Contact Privacy Notice and the BAND-IT IDEX, Inc. Job Applicant Privacy Notice.
International Users of the Sites - users from different countries and states may visit the Sites. Section 1 of this Statement applies to all users.  Depending on your place of residence, further sections may apply to you.
2. Collection of Information
We collect the following information on our website:
a) Information We Collect Automatically:
When you access or use our Sites, we automatically collect the following information which is stored separate from other data that you may provide to us.  We use this information to provide the Sites to you, deduce statistical and anonymous information about the users of the Sites and for the technical administration and the security of the Sites:
Log Information – We log information about each session and the use of the Sites, including the type of browser you use, access times, pages viewed, your IP address and the page you visited before navigating to our Sites.
Device Information – We collect information about the computer or mobile device you use to access our Sites, including the hardware model, operating system and version and mobile network information.
Information Collected by Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies- We use various technologies to collect information, specifically cookies and web beacons. Cookies are small text files that a website or its service provider transfers to your devices, such as mobile devices or computers, through your web browser (if allowed by you), that enables the websites or service providers’ systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.  We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction. Please see our BAND-IT IDEX, Inc. Cookie Notice for more information on our use of cookies.
b) Information You Provide to Us:
We also collect information you provide directly to us.  For example, when you visit the Sites, we collect information when you request to create an account, respond to a survey, participate in any interactive features of the Sites, sign up for a newsletter or provide general feedback.  The types of information we may collect include your name, company name, title, street address, telephone number, email address and any other information you choose to provide. We collect this information for offering the function that you use respectively.
3) Use of Information
We may use information about you for various purposes, including:
Providing our Sites to the users; Maintaining and improving our Sites;
Providing and improving our customer service, including responding to your comments, questions and requests (e.g. product queries or technical questions);
Analysing and managing our business;
Establishing and managing our business relationship, e.g. when you as a customer contact us via one of the Sites and we connect this request to your business account;
Improving our IT-security;
Defending our legal interests, e.g. when claiming remedies of attacks on our website;
Processing employment inquiries;
Communicating with you about services, offers, promotions, rewards, and events offered by IDEX and others; and
Carrying out any other purpose described to you at the time the information was collected.
4) Recipients and Categories of Recipients of Personal Data
We may share information about you as follows or as otherwise described in this Website Privacy Statement and in each case only in accordance with applicable law.  Possible recipients or categories of recipients of your personal data are:
Other IDEX group companies if such a transfer of personal data is required for the specific purpose (you can find a list of the IDEX group companies here https://www.idexcorp.com/our-businesses/business-segments/;
Vendors and channel partners such as distributors and sales representatives for the Company’ products;
Service providers who process personal data on our behalf but have to follow our instructions on such processing; these service providers will not be allowed to use your personal data for other purposes than the purposes defined by us;
Authorities, who we are obliged to provide your personal data to, e.g., tax authorities or healthcare authorities;
Auditors or similar external consultants like lawyers or tax advisers;
Authorized third parties in response to a request for information if disclosure is in accordance with any applicable law, regulation or legal process, or as otherwise required by any applicable law, rule or regulation;
External investigators, consultants or authorities as permitted by law in order to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, violation of our intellectual property rights, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violation of the terms of our agreements, or as otherwise required by law;
Potential purchasers and their advisors in the context of mergers and acquisitions, to whom we may transfer your personal data subject to appropriate confidentiality obligations, in the event we decide to dispose of all or parts of our business; and
To other recipients with your consent or at your direction, including if we notify you through our Sites that the information you provide will be shared in a particular manner with particular people and you provide such information.
5) Social Sharing Features
On our Sites, you can interact with social networks operated by third parties as set out below.
6) Security
BAND-IT IDEX, Inc. takes reasonable measures to help protect information about you from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. However, no security system is impenetrable and we cannot guarantee the security of our systems 100%.  In the event that any information under our control is compromised as a result of a breach of security, we will take reasonable steps to investigate the situation and, where appropriate, notify those individuals whose information may have been compromised and take other steps, in accordance with any applicable laws and regulations.
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, the data processing practices of BAND-IT IDEX, Inc., or our Sites, you can contact us at bid.marketing@idexcorp.com
7) Information to Residents in the USA
a) International Data Transfers
As BAND-IT IDEX, Inc. operates internationally, we may need to make your information available to companies and/or branches within our group which may be located outside of the U.S., including in countries which may not provide the same level of protection of your information as in your home jurisdiction.
By accessing or using the Sites or otherwise providing information to us, you consent to the processing and transfer of information in and to the U.S. and to other countries.
b) Your Choices
General. You may at any time review or ask for the rectification or removal of your information by contacting us at bid.marketing@idexcorp.com. However, note that we may retain certain information as required by law or for legitimate business purposes. We may also retain cached or archived copies of information about you for a certain period of time.
Cookies. Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. You can block cookies by activating the setting on your web browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. These settings are usually found in the ‘options’ or ‘preferences’ menu of your web browser.  In order to understand these settings or get further information, refer to the documentation provided by the provider of the web browser you are using. For further information about deleting or blocking cookies, please visit: www.allaboutcookies.org. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies), you may not be able to access all or parts of our Sites or perform certain functionalities of the Sites. For additional details about the cookies used in our Sites, please visit our Cookie Notice.
Promotional Communications. You may opt out of receiving promotional emails or messages from BAND-IT IDEX, Inc. by following the instructions in those emails or messages or by using other tools we may make available or by emailing us at bid.marketing@idexcorp.com.  If you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional communications, such as those about your account or our ongoing service relationship.
8) Information to Residents in the European Economic Area
This section 8 applies to residents of the European Economic Area, i.e. the European Union plus Iceland, Norway and Lichtenstein.
The data controller pursuant to Art. 4 No. 7 General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679 “GDPR”) is BAND-IT IDEX, Inc., a company with its principal place of business at 4799 Dahlia St, Denver, CO 80216  and which can be contacted at the following email address: bid.marketing@idexcorp.com.
As described in sections 2 and 3 we process personal data for different purposes. The legal bases according to the GDPR for such processing are listed below (Please see our BAND-IT IDEX, Inc. Cookie Notice  for information about processing of data derived from cookies):
Processing purposes
Lawful basis
Learn about our website(s) users’ browsing pattern and the performance of our website(s)
We only process this kind of cookie data if you have given us your prior consent (Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR).
Interaction with social media
These data are processed on the basis of statutory regulations, which allow us to process personal data to the extent necessary for the use of a service (Art. 6 (1)(b) GDPR) or because we have a predominant legitimate interest in making the use of our website as easy and efficient as possible (Art. 6 (1)(f) GDPR).
Providing our Sites to our users
Maintaining and improving our Sites
Providing and improving our customer service, including responding to your comments, questions and requests (e.g. product queries or technical questions)
Processing employment inquiries
Learning about how our products and services may be used
This data is processed on the basis of statutory provisions which allow us to process personal data to the extent necessary for the use of a service or the performance of a contract (Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR), any processing for these purposes that is not necessary for the use of our website and the functions provided on the website is necessary for pursuing our or a third party’s legitimate interests which are not overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the users which require the protection of personal data (Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR). Insofar as the processing is based on our legitimate interests, such interests are running a stable and efficient website, having a good customer service, employing people, making our business processes more efficient and improving our business and services.
Analysing and managing our business
Improving our IT-security
Defending our legal interests, e.g. when claiming remedies of attacks on our website
Establishing and managing our business relationship, e.g. when you as a customer contact us via one of the Sites and we connect this request to your business account
The personal data is processed for pursuing our or a third party’s legitimate interests which are not overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the users which require the protection of personal data (Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR). The legitimate interests are running a user-friendly website, improving our offers by tailoring our offers to the individual user, running a secure and stable website, making our business processes more efficient and pursuing our legal rights.
Communicating with you about services, offers, promotions, rewards, and events offered by IDEX and others
Depending on the individual case such communication can be based on different legal bases. We might provide you with certain information based on a declaration of consent (Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR), we might also provide you the information because you have subscribed to a specific service in which case the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you (Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR). Certain communication might also be based on our legitimate interest to provide tailored marketing information to the users of the Sites (Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR)
Carrying out any other purpose described to you at the time the information was collected
The legal basis will depend on the individual case.
9) Retention Periods
We delete or anonymise your personal data as soon as it is no longer required for the purpose for which we processed it.
In general, we store your personal data for the duration of the usage or the contractual relationship via the website plus a period of 15 days for IT security purposes.
In the event that you have given us your consent to process your data (e.g. for marketing purposes including the associated profiling), we will store your data until you revoke your consent or the processing purpose does not apply anymore.
For the retention period of cookies and other tracking, please refer to the details in our BAND-IT IDEX, Inc. Cookie Notice.
After these periods have expired, the data will be erased unless this data is required for a longer period due to legal retention periods, alternative purposes or for criminal prosecution. Beyond these retention periods, we may retain the data for the purposes of legal defence and law enforcement for as long as is necessary for the preparation or execution of a possible legal dispute (usually up to four years, whereby the legal dispute itself may inhibit the course of this period). If data can be stored for these reasons, it will be blocked. The data will then no longer be available for further use.
10) Transfer of Personal Data Outside the EU/EEA
In general, all data collected on the Sites is processed by BAND-IT IDEX, Inc. Corporation, i.e. a company located outside the EU/EEA.  If and when transferring your personal data to which the GDPR applies onwards outside the EU/EEA, we will do so using one of the following safeguards:
the transfer is to a non-EU/EEA country which has an adequacy decision by the EU Commission;
the transfer is covered by a contractual agreement, which covers the GDPR requirements relating to transfers to countries outside the EU/EEA;
the transfer is to an organization which has Binding Corporate Rules approved by an EU data protection authority; or
the recipient is an organization in the US that is EU-US Privacy Shield certified; or
the transfer is covered by other approved safeguards in order to protect your personal data in a degree that equals the level of data protection in the European Union.
International transfers within IDEX Corporation are governed by EU Commission approved Standard Contractual Clauses for Controllers (as defined under the GDPR) and, where relevant, for Processors (as defined under the GDPR).
You may request a copy of the standard contractual clauses or other applicable safeguards by contacting bid.marketing@idexcorp.com
11) Your Rights
The applicable data protection law, especially the GDPR, provides you with certain rights in relation to the processing of your personal data. These rights are subject to various conditions under applicable data protection and privacy legislation.
All such requests may be sent to BAND-IT IDEX, Inc..  Those rights include:
Request access to personal data about you (commonly known as a “data subject access request”). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you, and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
Request rectification, correction, or updating to any of the personal data that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate information we hold about you corrected.
Request personal data provided by you to be transferred in machine-readable format (“data portability”).
Request erasure of personal data. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no valid reason for us continuing to process it.  You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove personal data where you have exercised your right to object to processing (see below).
Request the restriction of processing of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of personal data about you (e.g. if you want us to establish its accuracy or the reason for processing it).
Withdraw your consent. You may withdraw your consent at any time by sending an email request to BAND-IT IDEX, Inc..  You may also disable some types of cookies of our website directly in your Cookie Settings at any time the withdrawal does not affect the lawfulness of the prior processing.
Lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. You have the right to make a complaint with a data protection authority.
RIGHT OF OBJECTION.  YOU HAVE THE RIGHT; FOR REASONS ARISING FROM YOUR PARTICULAR SITUATION; TO OBJECT AT ANY TIME TO THE PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA ON THE BASIS OF ART. 6 (1) (e) OR (f)  OF THE GDPR. WE WILL STOP PROCESSING YOUR PERSONAL DATA UNLESS WE CAN PROVE COMPELLING REASONS FOR PROCESSING WORTHY OF PROTECTION WHICH OUTWEIGH YOUR INTERESTS, RIGHTS AND FREEDOMS, OR THE PROCESSING SERVES TO ASSERT, EXERCISE OR DEFEND LEGAL CLAIMS.
12) Obligation to Provide Personal Data
You are under no contractual or statutory obligation to provide personal data. However, if you do not provide the personal data we require to process your request (e.g. when you contact us with questions about our products), we may not be able to respond to such request.
13) Automated Decision-Making
No automated decision- making as referred to in Art. 22 GDPR occurs on the Sites.