https://www.mcclungco.com/privacy-policy/
loading...
Privacy Policy
STATEMENT AND CONSENT
At McClung, we are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. In accordance with the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), as the user, you have the right to be informed of the data we collect, access the information that we collect, and be forgotten (have your data erased).
To access, update, or completely remove your data, you can contact us by using the form on our contact page. In order to process your request, we will need to take reasonable measures to determine your identity.
By visiting our site, and consenting to the use of cookies, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy.
COLLECTED INFORMATION
Information you give us
You may give us information by filling out forms, subscribing to newsletters, participating in blog comments, or other social media functions on our site. This information may include, but is not necessarily limited to:
Your name
Your company name
Your email address
Your phone number
Information we collect
By consenting to the use of cookies, every time you visit our site or interact with our emails, we collect the following individualized information to give you a more personalized user experience.
A non-uniquely identifiable internet protocol (IP) address
Browser type and version, operating system and platform
How you got to our site, the pages you’ve visited, and how you left the site
Page response time, error reports
Length of time you spent on certain pages
Whether an email was opened, or links were clicked
Why do we collect this information?
We only collect information that we use. The information collected is used for the purposes of giving you the most valuable user experience, and furthering our relationship with you. The purposes of this information include:
To provide you with any products or services that you’ve requested
To inform you of products and services we offer
To send newsletters and notify you about changes to your services
To ensure that content on our site is presented in a way that reaches you on your device
To administer our site for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes
To measure and understand the effectiveness of advertising efforts and deliver relevant content to you
McClung reserves the right to share non-personally identifiable information with Google through the use of Google Analytics for analysis of the information collected. For Google Analytics Privacy Policy information, please reference Google’s Privacy Policy.
LINKS
Our site may contain links to other websites within. Please note that these sites are responsible for having their own privacy policy.
SERVICES
While McClung is a provider of analytics based marketing services, it is the responsibility of our clients to disclose their own privacy policy to their users.
SECURITY
While we cannot guarantee the protection of your information due to the uncertain nature of the internet, McClung does take every measure to ensure that your data isn’t lost, misused, or accessed without authorization or disclosure.
HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have any questions, comments, or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us by using the form on our contact page.
We use cookies to ensure that you have the most valuable user experience. By continuing to use our website, you're consenting to the use of cookies. Please refer to our privacy policy to review our data collection and protection practices. ACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
×
Dive straight into the feedback!Login below and you can start commenting using your own user instantly
McClung is open for business. Since McClung is an essential business during these difficult times, we are working hard for the community and to help stimulate our local economy. We have taken extraordinary precautions to keep our workers and our clients safe. We continue to offer printing, promotional products, websites, and online marketing to meet your needs.
X