http://www.as-creation.com/privacy-policy.html
Please activate Java script in order to be able to fully use this page.
Privacy PolicyPrivacy protection principles
We conceive of privacy protection as a sign of customer-oriented quality. As such, we ensure to the best of our ability the greatest possible protection of personal data. A.S. CRÉATION TAPETEN AG, Südstraße 47, D-51645 Gummersbach collects and uses your personal data exclusively in accordance with the provisions of privacy protection law of the Federal Republic of Germany. Below we inform you of the nature, extent and purposes of the gathering and use of personal data on our company homepage (hereinafter called “homepage”). You can access this information at any time on our homepage at www.as-creation.de via the menu item “Data protection”.
1. Access data and hosting
You can visit our website without providing any personal information. Every time a website is accessed, the web server only automatically saves a so-called server log file that, for example, contains the name of the requested file, your IP address, date and time of access, amount of data transmitted and the requesting provider (access data) and documents the access.
This access data will only be analysed for the purposes of ensuring a fault-free operation of the site and improving our services. Pursuant to article 6 (1) sentence 1 lit. f GDPR [General Data Protection Regulation], this serves to preserve our interests in correctly representing our offer, which is largely legitimate in the context of weighing our interests. Any access data will be deleted no later than seven days after the end of your site visit.
2. Data collection and use
We collect personal data when you contact us (e.g. via a contact form or email). Mandatory fields are marked as such, since in these cases we need the data to process your enquiry. You cannot send the contact form without providing this information. Which data is to be collected is evident from the respective entry forms. Pursuant to article 6 (1) sentence 1 lit. b GDPR, we use the data provided by you to process your enquiries. After completion of the contract, your data will be restricted for further processing and deleted after any tax and commercial retention periods have elapsed, unless you have expressly consented to a further use of your data or we are entitled to continue to use the data, which is legally permitted and for which we inform you in this declaration.
3. Email newsletter
Email advertising with registration for the newsletter If you subscribe to our newsletter, we use the data required for this or data you have otherwise communicated to us in order to regularly send you our email newsletter based on your consent according to article 6 (1) sentence 1 lit. a of the GDPR.
You can always unsubscribe from the newsletter by either sending a message to the contact described below or by using a link provided for this purpose in the newsletter. After unsubscribing, we will delete your email address, unless you have consented to the continued use of your data or we are entitled to continue to use the data, which is legally permitted and for which we inform you in this declaration.
The newsletter is sent by a service provider on our behalf as part of the processing. We give this service provider your email address for this purpose.
This service provider is located within a country of the European Union or the European Economic Area.
4. Cookies and web analysis
We use cookies on various sites in order to make visiting our website attractive, to allow the use of certain functions, to display suitable provisions or for market research. Pursuant to article 6 (1) sentence 1 lit. f GDPR, this serves to preserve our interests in optimally representing our offer, which is largely legitimate in the context of weighing our interests. Cookies are small text files that are automatically stored on your end device. Some of the cookies we use are deleted again at the end of the browser session, i.e. after closing your browser (so-called session cookies). Other cookies remain on your device and allow us to recognise your browser the next time you visit the site (persistent cookies). You can get an overview of the duration of the storage in the cookie settings of your web browser. You can set your browser so that you are informed when cookies are created and decide on a case-by-case basis to accept them or to exclude them only for certain cases or in general. Every browser is different in how it manages the cookie settings. This is described in the help menu of every browser, which explains how you can change your cookie settings. You can find this for the respective browsers under the following links: Internet Explorer™: windows.microsoft.com/de-DE/windows-vista/Block-or-allow-cookies Safari™:                    https://support.apple.com/kb/ph21411?locale=de_DE Chrome™:                support.google.com/chrome/bin/answer.py Firefox™                   https://support.mozilla.org/de/kb/cookies-erlauben-und-ablehnen Opera™:                    http://help.opera.com/Windows/10.20/de/cookies.html
If you do not accept cookies, this may impair the functionality of our website.
Use of Google (Universal) Analytics for web analysis This website uses Google (Universal) Analytics for website analysis. It is a web analysis service of Google LLC (www.google.de). Pursuant to article 6 (1) sentence 1 lit. f GDPR [General Data Protection Regulation], this serves to preserve our interests in optimally representing our offer, which is largely legitimate in the context of weighing our interests. Google (Universal) Analytics uses methods that allow for an analysis of your use of the website, such as cookies. The automatically collected information about your usage of this website is normally transmitted to a Google server in the U.S. and saved there. By activating the IP anonymisation on this website, the IP address will be shortened within the Member states of the European Union or in other member states of the Agreement on the European Economic Area before being transmitted. Only in exceptional cases, your complete IP address is transmitted to a Google server in the USA and shortened there. The anonymised IP address transmitted by your browser as part of Google Analytics is not generally to be merged with other data by Google. We delete the data collected in this context when the purpose no longer exists and after using Google Analytics.
Google LLC is based in the US and certified under the EU US Privacy Shield. A current certificate can be viewed here. Under this agreement between the US and the European Commission, the latter has established an appropriate data protection level for companies certified under the Privacy Shield.
You can prevent Google from collecting and processing data generated by the cookies about your usage of the website (including your IP address) by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available via the following link: tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
As an alternative to the browser plug-in, you can click this link to prevent collection by Google Analytics on this website in the future. An opt-out cookie is then stored on your end device. If you delete your cookies, you will have to click this link again.
5. Social Media Plug-Ins
Use of social plug-ins from Facebook, Google, Twitter, Instagram, Pinterest Our website uses so-called social plug-ins from social networks.
When you visit a page of our website that contains such a plug-in, your browser establishes a direct connection with the servers of Facebook, Google, Twitter or Instagram. The content of the plug-in is transmitted by the provider directly to your browser, where it will be embedded into the page. By embedding the plug-ins, the provider receives the information that your browser has accessed a particular page of our website. This happens even if you do not have an account or if you are not logged into your account. This information (including the IP address) is sent by your browser directly to a server of the respective provider (possibly in the US) and is stored there. If you are logged in to one of these services, the provider can immediately assign the visit to our website to your profile in the respective social network. When interacting with the plug-ins, for example by pressing the “Like” or “Share” button, the corresponding information is also sent directly to a provider’s server and stored there. The information is also published in the social network and shown to your contacts there. Pursuant to article 6 (1) sentence 1 lit. f GDPR [General Data Protection Regulation], this serves to preserve our interests in the optimal marketing our offer, which is largely legitimate in the context of weighing our interests.
please visit the data protection notices of the provider for the purpose and scope of data collection and the further processing and use of such data by the providers, to find contact options and to find your rights in this respect as well as settings options for protecting your privacy.
www.facebook.com/policy.php https://twitter.com/privacy www.google.com/intl/de/+/policy/+1button.html https://help.instagram.com/155833707900388 https://about.pinterest.com/de/privacy-policy
If you do not want social networks to immediately assign the data collected through our website to your profile in the respective service, you must log out of the respective service before visiting our website. You can also completely prevent the loading of the plug-ins by using add-ons for your browser, such as with the script blocker “NoScript” (http://noscript.net/).
YouTube video plug-ins Third party content is embedded on this website. This content is provided by Google LLC (“provider”). Youtube is operated by Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA (“Google”).
The advanced data protection setting is enabled for videos on YouTube that are embedded on our site. This means that no information about website visitors can be collected and stored by YouTube, unless they play the video. Pursuant to article 6 (1) sentence 1 lit. f GDPR [General Data Protection Regulation], embedding the video serves to preserve our interests in the optimal marketing our offer, which is largely legitimate in the context of weighing our interests. For the purpose and scope of data collection and the further processing of such data by the providers, and your rights in this respect as well as settings options for protecting your privacy, please visit the data protection notices of Google http://www.google.com/intl/de/+/policy/+1button.html.
6. Contacts and your rights
As a concerned party, you have the following rights: pursuant to article 15 GDPR the right to demand information about your personal data processed by us to the scope specified therein; pursuant to article 16 GDPR the right to demand the immediate correction of incorrect or incomplete personal data stored by us; pursuant to article 17 GDPR the right to demand the deletion of your personal data stored by us, unless further processing is required
- to exercise the right to freedom of expression and information;
- to fulfil a legal obligation;
- for reasons of public interest or
- to assert, exercise or defend legal claims; pursuant to article 18 GDPR the right to demand the restriction of the processing of your personal data, insofar as
- you dispute the accuracy of the data;
- the processing is unlawful, but you reject its deletion;
- we no longer need the data, but you need it for asserting, exercising or defending legal claims or
- you filed an objection against the processing pursuant to article 21 GDPR; pursuant to article 20 GDPR the right to receive your personal data, which you provided us, in a structured, standard and machine-readable format or to request the transfer to another responsible party; pursuant to article 77 GDPR the right to complain to a supervisory authority. As a rule, you can contact the supervisory authority at your usual place of residence or work or at our company headquarters.
Please contact the following if you have questions about the collection, processing or use of your personal data, to request information or for correction, blocking or deletion of data as well as for revocation of any given consent or objection to a particular use of data:
Data protection officerSüdstraße 4751645 Gummersbachdatenschutz@as-creation.de
Right of objection If we process personal data as explained above in order to preserve our interests, which are largely legitimate in the context of weighing our interests, you can object to this processing with immediate future effect. If the data is processed for the purposes of direct marketing, you can exercise this right at any time as described above. If the processing is occurring for other purposes, you only have a right of objection if reasons exist that arise from your particular situation.
After exercising your right of objection, we will no longer process your personal data for these purposes, unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate reasons for processing that outweigh your interests, rights and freedoms, or if the processing serves the assertion, exercise or defence of legal claims.
This does not apply if the processing occurs for direct marketing purposes. Then we will not process your personal data for this purpose.
Gummersbach, Aug 2020
ImprintSupply and payment conditionsPrivacy policyContactNewsletterSitemap© 2020 A.S. Création Tapeten AG
Ok
Diese Website verwendet Cookies. Durch die Nutzung dieser Webseite erklären Sie sich damit einverstanden, dass Cookies gesetzt werden.
Mehr erfahren
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse this site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
Learn more