http://www.bakerstreetinvestigations.com/terms-and-conditions
Social Media Links
Baker Street Investigations - Baker Street Investigations
Investigations Ph. (772) 878-7399e-Mail: BakerStreet007@GMail.com
Process ServicePh. (772) 878-9898e-Mail: ProcessService@BakerStreetInvestigations.com
Menu
HomeStart here
Consumer Services
Background Checks
Surveillance
Child Custody
Infidelity Investigations
Process Service
Landlord-Tenant Evictions
Divorce and Child Support
Witness Credibility
Witness Location
Attorney Services
Court Testimony
Surveillance
Criminal Defense
Death Penalty Mitigation
Process Service
Evictions and Orders To Vacate
Domestic Relations
Subpoenas
Court Orders
Trial Preparation
Witness Credibility
Witness Location / Skip Tracing
FAQ
About Us
Contacts
Investigations
Process Service
Make A Payment
Investigations
Background checks, surveillance, child custody investigations, employee theft investigations and more.Attorney Services
Criminal defense investigations, surveillance, process service, court testimony, witness location and skip tracing.Pro-Se Paralegal Services
Forms preparation assistance for those who want to represent themselves for divorce, child custody, evictions and other cases.
HomeTerms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
Print
Email
In using this website you are deemed to have read and agreed to the following terms and conditions:
The following terminology applies to these Terms and Conditions, Privacy Statement and Disclaimer Notice and any or all Agreements: "Client", “You” and “Your” refers to you, the person accessing this website and accepting the Company’s terms and conditions. "The Company", “Ourselves”, “We” and "Us", refers to our Company, Baker Street Investigations, Inc. and our website BakerStreetInvestigations.com. “Party”, “Parties”, or “Us”, refers to both the Client and ourselves, or either the Client or ourselves. All terms refer to the offer, acceptance and consideration of payment necessary to undertake the process of our assistance to the Client in the most appropriate manner, whether by formal meetings of a fixed duration, or any other means, for the express purpose of meeting the Client’s needs in respect of provision of the Company’s stated services/products, in accordance with and subject to, prevailing laws. Any use of the above terminology or other words in the singular, plural, capitalisation and/or he/she or they, are taken as interchangeable and therefore as referring to same.
Privacy Statement
We are committed to protecting your privacy. Authorized employees within the company on a need to know basis only use any information collected from individual customers. We constantly review our systems and data to ensure the best possible service to our customers. Federal and State statutes have been created providing for specific offences for unauthorized actions against computer systems and data. We will investigate any such actions with a view to prosecuting and/or taking civil proceedings to recover damages against those responsible.
Confidentiality
Client records are regarded as confidential and therefore will not be divulged to any third party, other than our manufacturer/supplier(s) and, if legally required to do so, to the appropriate authorities pursuant to warrant, subpoena and/or Court Order. Clients have the right to request sight of, and copies of any and all Client Records we keep, on the provision that we are given reasonable notice of such a request. Clients are requested to retain copies of any literature issued in relation to the provision of our services. Where appropriate, we shall issue Client’s with appropriate written information, handouts or copies of records as part of an agreed contract, for the benefit of both parties.
We will not sell, share, or rent your personal information to any third party or use your e-mail address for unsolicited mail. Any emails sent by this Company will only be in connection with the provision of agreed services and products.
Disclaimer, Exclusions and Limitations
The information on this web site is provided on an "as is" basis. To the fullest extent permitted by law, this Company:
excludes all representations and warranties relating to this website and its contents or which is or may be provided by any affiliates or any other third party, including in relation to any inaccuracies or omissions in this website and/or the Company’s literature; and
excludes all liability for damages arising out of or in connection with your use of this website. This includes, without limitation, direct loss, loss of business or profits (whether or not the loss of such profits was foreseeable, arose in the normal course of things or you have advised this Company of the possibility of such potential loss), damage caused to your computer, computer software, systems and programs and the data thereon or any other direct or indirect, consequential and incidental damages.
This Company does not however exclude liability for death or personal injury caused by its negligence. The above exclusions and limitations apply only to the extent permitted by law. None of your statutory rights as a consumer are affected.
Payment
All major Credit/Debit Cards, PayPal accounts and any other payment methods permitted by our payment processor, PayPal are all acceptable methods of payment. We reserve the right to seek recovery of any monies remaining unpaid via collection agencies and/or through an appropriate court. In such circumstances, you shall be liable for any and all additional administrative and/or court costs. The Customer hereby agrees to all charge back costs should such be assessed to the Company.
Cancellation Policy
Minimum 24 hours notice of cancellation required from date of order from any product. Notification for instance, in person, via email, mobile phone ‘text message’ and/or fax, or any other means will be accepted subject to confirmation in writing. We reserve the right to levy a $50.00 charge to cover any subsequent administrative expenses.
Termination of Agreements and Refunds Policy
Both the Client and ourselves have the right to terminate any sale for any reason, including the ending of services that are already underway.
Availability
Unless otherwise stated, the services featured on this website are only available within the United States, or in relation to postings from the United States. All advertising is intended solely for the United States market. You are solely responsible for evaluating the fitness for a particular purpose of any downloads, programs and text available through this site. Redistribution or republication of any part of this site or its content is prohibited, including such by framing or other similar or any other means, without the express written consent of the Company. The Company does not warrant that the service from this site will be uninterrupted, timely or error free, although it is provided to the best ability. By using this service you thereby indemnify this Company, its employees, agents and affiliates against any loss or damage, in whatever manner, howsoever caused.
Log Files
We use IP addresses to analyse trends, administer the site, track user’s movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information. Additionally, for systems administration, detecting usage patterns and troubleshooting purposes, our web servers automatically log standard access information including browser type, access times/open mail, URL requested, and referral URL. This information is not shared with third parties and is used only within this Company on a need-to-know basis. Any individually identifiable information related to this data will never be used in any way different to that stated above without your explicit permission.
Cookies
Like most interactive web sites this Company’s website [or ISP] uses cookies to enable us to retrieve user details for each visit. Cookies are used in some areas of our site to enable the functionality of this area and ease of use for those people visiting. Some of our affiliate partners may also use cookies.
Links to this Website
You may not create a link to any page of this website without our prior written consent. If you do create a link to a page of this website you do so at your own risk and the exclusions and limitations set out above will apply to your use of this website by linking to it.
Links from this Website
We do not monitor or review the content of other party’s websites which are linked to from this website. Opinions expressed or material appearing on such websites are not necessarily shared or endorsed by us and should not be regarded as the publisher of such opinions or material. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices, or content, of these sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site & to read the privacy statements of these sites. You should evaluate the security and trustworthiness of any other site connected to this site or accessed through this site yourself, before disclosing any personal information to them. This Company will not accept any responsibility for any loss or damage in whatever manner, howsoever caused, resulting from your disclosure to third parties of personal information.
Copyright Notice
All content of this website is Copyright (c) BakerStreetInvestigations.com and/or Baker Street Investigations. Copyright and other relevant intellectual property rights exists on all text relating to the Company’s services and the full content of this website.
Communication
We have several different e-mail addresses for different queries. These, & other contact information, can be found on our Contact Us link on our website or via Company literature or via the Company’s stated telephone, facsimile or mobile telephone numbers.
Force Majeure
Neither party shall be liable to the other for any failure to perform any obligation under any Agreement which is due to an event beyond the control of such party including but not limited to any Act of God, terrorism, war, Political insurgence, insurrection, riot, civil unrest, act of civil or military authority, uprising, earthquake, flood or any other natural or man made eventuality outside of our control, which causes the termination of an agreement or contract entered into, nor which could have been reasonably foreseen. Any Party affected by such event shall forthwith inform the other Party of the same and shall use all reasonable endeavors to comply with the terms and conditions of any Agreement contained herein.
Waiver
Failure of either Party to insist upon strict performance of any provision of this or any Agreement or the failure of either Party to exercise any right or remedy to which it, he or they are entitled hereunder shall not constitute a waiver thereof and shall not cause a diminution of the obligations under this or any Agreement. No waiver of any of the provisions of this or any Agreement shall be effective unless it is expressly stated to be such and signed by both Parties.
General
The laws of the State of Florida, United States of America, govern these terms and conditions. By accessing this website and using our services/buying our products you consent to these terms and conditions and to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts in all disputes arising out of such access. If any of these terms are deemed invalid or unenforceable for any reason (including, but not limited to the exclusions and limitations set out above), then the invalid or unenforceable provision will be severed from these terms and the remaining terms will continue to apply. Failure of the Company to enforce any of the provisions set out in these Terms and Conditions and any Agreement, or failure to exercise any option to terminate, shall not be construed as waiver of such provisions and shall not affect the validity of these Terms and Conditions or of any Agreement or any part thereof, or the right thereafter to enforce each and every provision. These Terms and Conditions shall not be amended, modified, varied or supplemented except in writing and signed by duly authorized representatives of the Company.
Notification of Changes
The Company reserves the right to change these conditions from time to time as it sees fit and your continued use of the site will signify your acceptance of any adjustment to these terms. If there are any changes to our privacy policy, we will announce that these changes have been made on our home page and on other key pages on our site. If there are any changes in how we use our site customers’ Personally Identifiable Information, notification by e-mail or postal mail will be made to those affected by this change. Any changes to our privacy policy will be posted on our web site 30 days prior to these changes taking place. You are therefore advised to re-read this statement on a regular basis.
These terms and conditions form part of the Agreement between the Client and ourselves. Your accessing of this website and/or undertaking of a booking or Agreement indicates your understanding, agreement to and acceptance, of the Disclaimer Notice and the full Terms and Conditions contained herein. Your statutory Consumer Rights are unaffected.
Copyright © 2014 by Baker Street Investigations, Inc.. All Rights Reserved.
Investigations
Background Checks
Surveillance
Child Custody
Infidelity
Paralegal Services
Process Service
Witness Credibility
Witness Location / Skip Tracing
Attorney Services
Baker Street Investigations offers a variety of attorney services.
Court Testimony
Surveillance
Criminal Defense
Death Penalty Mitigation
Process Service
Trial Preparation
Witness Credibility
Witness Location / Skip Tracing
Great Job!
Thanks for a wonderful job. Very professional
Arthur Brandt Attorney at Law Read More ...
Above And Beyond
The services provided were swift, contained the information we needed, and were reasonably priced. We have used Baker Street Process for many years and will continue to do so.
Peter T. Gianino, Esquire Grazi & Gianino, LLP
Read More ...
By Far The Best
I have been now using her exclusively for 20 years and have never had other than expert professional results from her.
Talbot M. Smith Attorney at Law
Read More ...
Menu
Home
About Us
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Contact Us
Online Dating Investigations
The BSI Difference
Testimonials
--->
CLIENT LOGIN
Website Designed and Coded by
WebsiteDevelopmentShop.com
Baker Street Investigations, Inc.P.O.Box 564Stuart, Florida 34995
Investigations: 772-878-7399e-Mail: BakerStreet007@GMail.comProcess Service: 772-878-9898e-Mail: ProcessService@BakerStreetInvestigations.comFax: 772-878-8300 State of Florida License: A 9700345
Copyright © 2016 Baker Street Investigations, Inc. All rights reserved.Menu
Editor Login
Go to top
Florida Private Investigators, Florida Private Detectives -- Serving All-Florida P.I. & Florida Treasure Coast: Arcadia, Clearwater, Clewiston, Daytona, Daytona Beach , Ft. Lauderdale, Ft. Myers, Ft. Pierce, Hobe Sound, Indiantown, Jensen Beach, Jupiter, Key West, Lake Placid, Lakeland, Leesburg, Melbourne , Miami - Miami Beach, Naples, Okeechobee, Orlando, Port Charlotte, Port St. Lucie, Sarasota , Sebring, Stuart, Tampa, St. Petersburg, Clearwater, Vero Beach, West Palm Beach, Winter Haven, BAHAMAS.