http://www.orcpa.org/about/legal-and-privacy
Legal & Privacy
Please read the OSCPA Privacy Policy and terms and conditions and the following additional guidelines.
Privacy Policy (Updated August 2018)
Collection of information through "cookies"
Display Advertising Terms & Conditions
Digital Advertising Terms & Conditions
Find-a-CPA™
Career Center: Jobs
Career Center: Resumes
Researching Ethical Questions
Terms of Use
Social Media Policy
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us. The OSCPA respects the privacy of members and other visitors to our website. We strongly believe that if electronic commerce and online activities are to flourish, consumers must be comfortable that information provided online is used responsibly and appropriately. To protect online privacy, we have implemented the following Privacy Policy.
Consent
This privacy policy sets out how information gathered on our website is managed whenever that information is provided to us via this website and electronic communications. By using our website, you hereby consent to our privacy policy and terms of use.
The information we collect
Many pages on orcpa.org are public and do not require visitors to provide any personally identifiable data. However, members and customers who conduct business with OSCPA via orcpa.org must have a member profile or guest profile to process the transactions associated with membership, course and product purchases, etc.
At orcpa.org, you can apply for membership or update your membership profile, register for classes, order products, vote in surveys or otherwise express an opinion,  or subscribe to one of our enewsletters. We collect the data necessary to complete transactions and provide these services and products to OSCPA members and other visitors to orcpa.org.
The types of personally identifiable information that may be collected at these pages includes, but is not limited to: your name, address, email address, telephone number, fax number, date of birth, transaction-related data and credit card information, information about your employment, professional affiliations, and professional interests and areas of expertise.
Accessing  your personal information
Members and guests who have created an account can view and update their information and manage enewsletter subscriptions in their profile at My OSCPA/Profile. Business information can be accessed at My Business. To access your profile and business information, log in using your email on record with OSCPA and your private, encrypted password.
Member Directory on OSCPA Bridge™: The OSCPA membership directory is available on the Society's online networking forum site, OSCPA Bridge™. The directory is a searchable list of members who have elected to appear in the directory. Members may opt out or opt in to the directory via their member profile at My OSCPA/Profile.
Learn more about Bridge policies.
Non-personally identifiable information
When you visit orcpa.org, whether or not you log in, the site may collect certain non-personally identifiable information, such as the type of browser you are using (e.g., Chrome, Internet Explorer), the type of operating system you are using (e.g., Windows or Mac OS), devices you use (e.g., tablet, mobile, or desktop), and the domain name of your Internet service provider (e.g., CenturyLink, Frontier, etc.). In addition, the site may collect information about how long you stay on our site, the number of pages visited, and the specific pages visited.
How we use the information
We may use the information you provide about yourself to fulfill your requests for our products, programs, and services, to respond to your inquiries about our offerings, and to offer you other products, programs, or services that we believe may be of interest to you.
We sometimes use this information to communicate with you, such as to notify you when we make changes to our subscriber agreements, to fulfill a request by you for an online newsletter, or to contact you about your membership with us.
If you choose to submit content for publication (e.g., the “eFlash” e-Newsletter or “The Oregon Certified Public Accountant” magazine), we may publish your name and other information you have provided to us.
We sometimes use the non-personally identifiable information that we collect to improve the design and content of our site, and to enable us to personalize your Internet experience. We also may use this information in the aggregate to analyze site usage.
Third-Party Disclosures
In general, we do not sell, rent, or otherwise trade your personal information with third parties for compensation. However, we may disclose and share your personal information with third parties under the following limited circumstances. We may send personally identifiable information about you to other companies or people when:
We have your consent to share the information;
We need to share your information to provide the product or service you have requested;
We need to send the information to companies who work on behalf of OSCPA to provide a product or service to you. (Unless we tell you differently, these companies do not have any right to use the personally identifiable information we provide to them beyond what is necessary to assist us.)
In addition, personally identifiable consumer information is shared with third parties (such as banks and credit card processors) to the extent necessary for OSCPA to deliver payment processing services.
We also may release personally identifiable  information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with law; enforce or apply our Merchant Agreement and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of OSCPA, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and risk reduction.
Collection of information by third-party sites and sponsors
ORCPA.org contains links to other sites whose information practices may be different than ours. Although we take appropriate measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of information, we cannot assure you that personally identifiable information that we collect will never be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Policy. Visitors should consult the other sites’ privacy notices, as we have no control over information that is submitted to, or collected by, these third parties.
On orcpa.org, we may sometimes offer content that is sponsored by or co-branded with identified third parties. By virtue of these relationships, the third parties may obtain personally identifiable information that visitors voluntarily submit to participate in the site activity. The OSCPA has no control over these third parties’ use of this information.  In addition, the OSCPA and its directors, agents, employees, and volunteers will be held harmless from and against any and all costs, losses, damages, liabilities, claims and causes of action in any way resulting from service, products, acts, or privacy violation from these third parties.
Collection of information through "cookies"
To enhance your experience with our site, many of our web pages use “cookies.” Cookies are text files we place in your computer’s browser to store your preferences. Cookies, by themselves, do not tell us your email address or other personally identifiable information unless you choose to provide this information to us.  However, once you choose to furnish us with personally identifiable information, this information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie.
We use cookies to understand site usage and to improve the content and offerings on our sites. For example, we may use cookies to personalize your experience at our web pages (e.g., to recognize you by your name when you return to our site), save your password in password-protected areas, and enable you to use shopping carts on our sites.
Managing cookies
Most browsers allow users to modify their browser settings to accept and enable cookies, disable cookies, and clear all or selected cookies that have been previously accepted by the user. We encourage you to keep cookies enabled for this site, since disabling cookies may prevent users from being able to use and benefit from certain features of the website, particularly the features that are designed to personalize your user experience.
OSCPA Bridge™ Online Networking Communities | Email Discussion Forums
As an added member benefit, the Society offers OSCPA Bridge™, a collection of private online communities, or email discussion forums, to facilitate general communication, sharing of ideas, and networking. Member participation in these communities is voluntary. When members post a message to any of the discussion forums, the system will automatically attach the member name and email to the message. This is done to facilitate communication between members if they choose to respond to the individual who posted the original message rather than the entire discussion group.
A code of conduct for members participating in Bridge discussions can be found on the site, itself. While OSCPA staff periodically monitors and reviews the content posted on Bridge, OSCPA accepts no responsibility for the opinions and information posted in any of the online communities by others. If a member posts any any personal information to any of the communities, by nature of this service, all such information will be shared with all members of the community to which the message was posted. This may result in unsolicited messages or communication beyond our control.
Member Directory on OSCPA Bridge™: See Accessing your personal information
Recordings at OSCPA events
By registering for and attending any OSCPA event or program, you agree to the following terms and conditions:
The OSCPA may audio and/or videotape and/or photograph participants and speakers/panelists at any OSCPA event.
Pictures, audio recordings, or videotape recordings of OSCPA events may be used in future promotions for the Oregon Society of CPAs and/or its events, including in online and printed materials.
Any pictures, audio tape recordings, or videotape recordings become the sole and exclusive property of the Oregon Society of CPAs.
Submittals of photos, videos, and/or audio recordings for use by the OSCPA in print or online constitutes approval for the OSCPA to use the submissions.
How you can access or correct your personal information
Members and guests who have created an account can view their information in their profile at My OSCPA/Profile. Business information can be accessed at My Business. To access your profile and business information, log in using your email on record with OSCPA and your private, encrypted password.
Individuals may also view and update personally identifiable information by calling 503-641-7200 / 800-255-1470 ext. 4. To protect your privacy and security, we will take reasonable steps to help verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
To unsubscribe from electronic communications
You may unsubscribe from our marketing communications by clicking on the "Update your preferences" link located at the bottom of our emails. This link will open a web page where you can select the communications you'd like to receive or unsubscribe from all communications. Note: Customers cannot opt out of receiving transactional emails related to their account with OSCPA.
Policy changes | Our commitment to security
We have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security, and correct use of the information we collect online.
Secure website environment: When we collect sensitive information such as credit card data via the website, that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for the lock icon in your browser address bar and looking for the "https" at the beginning of the web page address.
Password security: Certain types of information on this website are made available to members and website users through secure web pages. Access to these pages is restricted by means of an encrypted password, selected by the individual user. Members and website users are responsible for keeping their login information secure and should never share this information with any other individual.
Policy updates: As our website changes and the types of services we offer continue to expand, we will update this online privacy policy. We encourage you to revisit this page to familiarize yourself with such changes.
Privacy Concerns Contact Information
If you have questions about our current privacy policy or concerns that any of your personally identifiable information was used in a manner that does not comply with this privacy policy, please contact: Marketing & Communications
Note: the contact email address noted above is monitored by the Director, Marketing & Communications, and other department staff to ensure adequate visibility of communications in a timely manner.
Display Advertising Terms & Conditions
Contract
The OSCPA Display Advertising online insertion order form or marketing proposal must be completed and submitted before any ad will be placed in the magazine. When submitting this agreement, the advertiser and/or advertiser’s agent agrees to all payment terms and advertising policies.
Payment terms
Balance due upon receipt of invoice. Important note: under the display advertising contract, advertiser and/or its agent each agree to be held jointly and severally liable for payment of advertising for which advertiser or its agent ordered and which advertising was published or which order was not timely canceled in accordance with the terms of the OSCPA display advertising contract.
General rate policy
Ads subject to approval of publisher. All contracts accepted subject to the provisions of the current rate card.
Cancellation policy
No cancellation may be made unless received in writing on or before the closing date; cancellations made after the closing date to be charged at 100 percent. Should an advertiser wish to cancel a contract in the middle of a contracted term, all advertising will be invoiced at the 1x rate. Changes in orders may be made at the cost of the advertiser or its agency after the reservation closing date as long as no disruption in the magazine's schedule occurs.
Advertising copy
Submission of copy is the responsibility of the advertiser. Positioning of advertisement is at the discretion of the publisher; specific position cannot be guaranteed.
Digital Advertising Terms & Conditions
Conditions
The Oregon Society of CPAs will not post any ads that refer to race, gender, religion, ethnicity or nationality.
The OSCPA reserves the right to decline any advertisement that is not in compliance with our advertising and member services policies which are stated on the Online Advertising Contract.
Ads subject to cancellation by the OSCPA at anytime with refund of balance paid.
Terms
All ads will run the number of days purchased from the posted date (Minimum 30 days).
Full payment is required prior to the ad being posted.
Advertisers assume all liability for the content of their ads.
Find-a-CPA™
Disclaimer
By providing the Find-a-CPA™ Directory service, the Oregon Society of CPAs (OSCPA) is rendering a public service.  Firm Members listed in the Find-a-CPA™ Directory have chosen to participate in this public service program by notifying the OSCPA of their intent to list their CPA firm in the directory.
The information provided by each of the Firm Members is not verified or validated by the OSCPA. Accordingly, the accuracy of the information listed is solely the responsibility of the listed Firm Member and not the OSCPA. Listing in the Find-a-CPA™ Directory service does not constitute or imply any endorsement of the services of these Firm Members by the OSCPA. Neither the OSCPA nor any of its Firm Members makes any warranty, express or implied, or assumes any liability or responsibility for the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of the information contained in the Find-a-CPA™ Directory service or the quality of the services provided. However, Firm Members participating in this directory must meet the following guidelines for participation:
CPA firms must be enrolled as a Firm Member with the Oregon Society of CPAs.
Members representing firms in this program must adhere to the Code of Professional Conduct of the OSCPA and the rules and regulations of the Oregon Board of Accountancy.
The firm contact must be an OSCPA Regular member with an active license in good standing with the Oregon Board of Accountancy.
To participate in the Find-A-CPA™ Directory a Firm Member shall complete the online Find-A-CPA™ Enrollment Form.
The Oregon Society of CPAs reserves the right to refuse / remove any Find-a-CPA™ listing that does not meet all participation requirements listed above.
While the Oregon Society of CPAs Find-A-CPA™ Directory is available to the general public, information herein is provided for private individual use only and commercial use, research use, or other solicitation without the prior express permission of the Oregon Society of CPAs is strictly prohibited. The Find-A-CPA™ Directory cannot be considered an authoritative source of data.
The Oregon Board of Accountancy licenses and regulates the practice of Certified Public Accountants in the State of Oregon. To inquire about the license status of a CPA, contact the Oregon Board of Accountancy at 503-378-4181.
Career Center: Jobs
Disclaimer
The Career Center job board is a service offered for a fee to both members and nonmembers. Job posting fees are subject to change at any time. The Oregon Society of CPAs (OSCPA) cannot guarantee posted jobs will be filled. Persons posting jobs must abide by all local, state, federal, and international laws. The OSCPA is not responsible for the recruiting and hiring practices of companies or persons posting jobs. The OSCPA reserves the right to edit or alter any job posting ad which may appear offensive or may violate any law. The OSCPA will make every effort to ensure the accuracy of the information posted, but is not responsible for ads submitted with errors or incorrect information.
Career Center: Resumes
Disclaimer
Resume posting in the Career Center is a free service available exclusively to OSCPA members. Neither the OSCPA nor its members makes any warranty, express or implied, or assumes any liability or responsibility for the operation of the website resume posting service or the content of any postings.
By posting your resume (including your name, contact information, and PDF resume document) on the OSCPA website, you are agreeing to waive, release, and hold harmless the OSCPA and its members from any and all claims arising from, or related in any way to, the OSCPA website, the website resume posting service, or your individual resume.
Resumes will be posted for 60 days. After that time they will automatically be removed from the website. If a member would like to extend the resume posting for an additional 60 days, or remove a resume, they may contact OSCPA Marketing & Communications at communications@orcpa.org. The OSCPA assumes no responsibility concerning the maintenance or renewal of resume postings. It is the member's responsibility to monitor the status of their resume posting.
Resumes are posted on a public page on the OSCPA website, which can be accessed and "browsed" publicly. The OSCPA does not provide any security or confidentiality protection for the information posted in the Career Center. It is the responsibility of the member to use caution in disclosing confidential or other information. Members posting resumes should preview them once they are up on the OSCPA website.
The OSCPA reserves the right to remove any or all content that is inappropriate or violates any local, state, national, or international laws.
Researching Ethical Questions
Professional standards, rules and codes of conduct are subject to frequent revisions. Information provided here is in summary form. Users of this Web resource are encouraged to check with the appropriate authority / authorities for the most current version of these requirements. Users must review the referenced material and any other pertinent references in order to obtain the additional information that may be needed to fully assess their situation.
Terms of Use
Copyright notice
This website, including all text and graphics, the selection, arrangement, and presentation of all materials (including information in the public domain), and the overall design are protected by copyright and other intellectual property laws. Members of the Oregon Society of Certified Public Accountants (OSCPA) may download pages or other content for their own use, consistent with the mission and purpose of the OSCPA on a single computer. However, no part of such content may be otherwise or subsequently reproduced, downloaded, disseminated, published, or transferred in any form or by any means, except with the prior written permission of, and with the attribution to the OSCPA. Any copy of any portion of the material must contain the following copyright notice: Copyright © 2009 Oregon Society of Certified Public Accountants. All rights reserved.
Trademarks
OSCPA, the OSCPA logo, and any other names of OSCPA referenced in this website are trademarks, service marks or trade names of OSCPA. No license to use any of these trademarks is given or implied. OSCPA's trademarks may be used only with permission from OSCPA. All other trademarks or trade names referenced on this website are the property of their respective owners.
Legal notice and disclaimer
The OSCPA does not endorse, approve, or certify the information present on this site, nor does it guarantee the accuracy, completeness, efficacy, timeliness, or correct sequencing of such information.  No one should rely on the accuracy, completeness, efficacy, and timeliness of such information. Reference herein to any specific commercial product, process, or service by trade name, trademark, service mark, manufacturer, or otherwise does not constitute or imply endorsement, recommendation, or favoring by the OSCPA.
The OSCPA (including its employees and agents) assumes no responsibility for consequences resulting from the use of the information herein, or from use of the information obtained at linked Internet addresses, or in any respect for the content of such information, including (but not limited to) errors or omissions, the accuracy or reasonableness of factual or scientific assumptions, studies or conclusions, the defamatory nature of statements, ownership of copyright or other intellectual property rights, and the violation of property, privacy, or personal rights of others. The OSCPA is not responsible for, and expressly disclaims all liability for, damages of any kind arising out of use, reference to, or reliance on such information. No guarantees or warranties, including (but not limited to) any express or implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular use of purpose, are made by the OSCPA with respect to such information.
Links to other internet sites
At certain places on this OSCPA Internet site, live “links” to other Internet addresses can be accessed. Such external Internet addresses contain information created, published, maintained, or otherwise posted by institutions or organizations independent of the OSCPA. The OSCPA does not endorse, approved, certify, or control these external Internet addresses and does not guarantee the availability, accuracy, completeness, efficacy, timeliness, or correct sequencing of information located at such addresses. No one should rely on the accuracy, completeness, efficacy, and timeliness of such information. Reference therein to any specific commercial product, process, or service by trade name, trademark, service mark, manufacturer, or otherwise does not constitute or imply endorsement, recommendation, or favoring by the OSCPA.
Acceptance and revision of terms of use
By using this website, you signify your agreement to the terms and conditions of the terms of use. If you do not agree to the terms of use, please do not use the site. At any time OSCPA may revise these terms of use by updating this page. You are bound by any such revisions and should, therefore, visit this page periodically to ensure your continued compliance with the terms of use.
Jurisdiction and applicable laws
These terms of use will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Oregon, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law.  You agree that any action at law or in equity arising out of or relating to these terms will be filed only in the state or federal courts located in Multnomah County, Oregon, and you hereby consent and submit to the personal jurisdiction of such courts for the purposes of litigating any such action.
OSCPA's failure to enforce any provisions of these terms of use shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. If any provisions of these terms of use be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from these terms of use and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.
OSCPA Social Media Use Policy
Below is the official Social Media Use Policy for the Oregon Society of CPAs (OSCPA). In this document, "social media" refers to blogs, microblogs, podcasts, internet forums, online profiles, instant messaging, email, music-sharing, social network applications, and all emerging and as-yet-undiscovered social technologies.  Social network applications include LinkedIn, Facebook, MySpace, Twitter, Wikipedia, YouTube, and Wordpress, to name just a few. OSCPA reserves the right to amend this policy as new social media resources and technologies emerge.
1. Purpose
The OSCPA supports the use and exploration of social media tools and emerging technologies, and we encourage OSCPA members and employees to do the same. The OSCPA's use of social media is increasingly important given the rapid evolution of these tools. Staying relevant to our respective audiences means, in part, that we must stay current on emerging technologies.
While the decision whether to participate is their own, OSCPA members and employees are encouraged to explore all forms of social media and find the one(s) that best fit their needs. Doing so expands our ability to learn and share our own knowledge with others.
OSCPA members and employees should follow the guidelines and expectations set forth in this policy when using social media tools. The policy applies to the use of social media tools by OSCPA employees and members when acting as agents of OSCPA on any of its official social media outlets. The policy also applies to the personal use of social media tools by OSCPA employees and members, to the extent it relates to or reflects upon OSCPA.
Employees who violate the OSCPA Social Media Use Policy may be faced with discipline, up to and including discharge. Members who violate the OSCPA Social Media Use Policy may be faced with suspension or revocation of their OSCPA membership.
2. Guidelines for Use of Social Media Tools
Employees must not let social media activities interfere with their duties in the workplace.
Employees must continue to follow the policies on employee conduct found in the OSCPA Employee Handbook.
OSCPA members should continue to follow the laws and regulations governing Oregon CPAs at all times. See the OSCPA’s Professional Conduct Guidelines.
OSCPA employees and members are personally responsible for the content they post. Remember that what is posted can often be viewed by both personal and professional contacts. Employees and members should post responsibly, and use privacy settings appropriately.  Remember, nothing posted on the Internet is ever truly private nor does it expire.
OSCPA employees and members must consider whether personal thoughts may be misunderstood or taken by the reader as being from an official capacity with OSCPA.
Don't use insults, obscenity, or slurs. Don't pick fights or do anything that you would not feel comfortable doing in the workplace. Be respectful when addressing sensitive subjects.
When posting content related to OSCPA, employees and members should monitor any comments or feedback generated by the content, and respond when appropriate.
Employees and members representing OSCPA via any form of social media must conduct themselves at all times as official representatives of OSCPA. If an employee or member identifies him or herself as an OSCPA representative, she or he must ensure his or her presence, content, and communications are consistent with appropriate professional standards for that employee or member (i.e. the OSCPA Employee Handbook or the OSCPA’s Professional Conduct Guidelines).  Employees or members that fail to conduct themselves in an appropriate manner will be subject to loss of social media privileges.  Employees will be subject to possible disciplinary action, up to an including termination of employment.  Members will be subject to suspension or loss of membership rights.
Do not publish any financial, confidential, sensitive, or proprietary information about OSCPA on any form of social media.  This limitation is not intended to infringe on employees’ legal rights to engage in concerted or protected activities related to their employment.
Do not discuss other OSCPA members, clients, vendors or other partners without their approval. Speak respectfully about any OSCPA members, clients, vendors or other partners who give their approval to be discussed in OSCPA-related social media.
Be aware of and respect financial disclosure, trademark, and copyright laws.  Avoid reposting material written by others or content from third-party websites, unless authorized to do so by the copyright owner.
3.  Other GuidelinesHere are a few generally accepted guidelines to consider when using social media:
Be nice and respectful of others.
Be yourself. Do not post anonymously or use pseudonyms.
Strive to add value by providing worthwhile information and perspectives as it will be a reflection of the OSCPA brand.
Contribute to the knowledge pool. Post content that adds value to your social followers.
Use your best judgment. If you aren't sure whether what you are about to post is appropriate, don’t. Remember, you are solely responsible for what you post in any social media format.
4.  Most importantly ...... explore and have fun! Experiment with the tools and think about how they might be used to benefit the OSCPA and its members. Share resources, insights, opinions, and advice with your followers or contacts.
And remember the advice of Principled Innovation's Jeff De Cagna, who says there are three keys to using emerging technologies:
1. Don't be afraid.2. Re-orient your mindset toward the future.3. Question everything by asking, "How can we be more social?"The OSCPA would like to thank IBM, whose social media policy (http://www.ibm.com/blogs/zz/en/guidelines.html) served as inspiration for this element of OSCPA policy.
How to contact us
If you have any questions or concerns about the ORCPA.org Disclaimer Information or its implementation, you may contact us at oscpa@orcpa.org. Telephone: 503-641-7200 / 800-255-1470, ext. 0
About
Contact Us
Staff Directory
Board of Directors
Committees
Chapters
Bylaws
Marketing Opportunities
Legal & Privacy
Frequently Asked Questions