http://www.efggroup.com/Website-privacy-policy.html
Homepage
About us
Entity
EFG Bank European Financial Group SA
Contacts
Homepage
Print
Website privacy policy
EFG Bank European Financial Group SA together with EFG International AG and its affiliates (“EFG” or “we”) are committed to safeguarding the personal data that we collect from individuals that use our website (hereafter referred to as the “website”).
This Policy provides information about how your data is processed by us, as well as your rights in accordance with the data protection legislation.
This Policy clarifies the type, scope and purpose of processing personal data as part of the website.
When we talk about data, we are referring to your personal data. This includes all information that can be used to identify you as a person, either directly or indirectly.
Please read the following information carefully. By accessing this website you accept this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Policy, do not process to further webpages of this website.
Where your data is obtained, and how it is used
If you are only using the website for information purposes, i.e. you do not otherwise transmit information to us, we will only gather the personal data that is forwarded to our server by your browser. Before you visit our website solely for information purposes, we will gather the following access data that we require for technical reasons to be able to display our website and warrant the stability and security of the same. This access data includes the IP address, date and time of the request, content of the request, access status/HTTP status code, the referred URL (previously visited page), browser type and version, operating system.
In addition, we will also receive your personal data if you contact us using the contact form.  Personal data in this context includes e.g. name, address, e-mail, telephone number.
For what purpose is your data processed?
We process personal data for the following purposes and pursuant to the following legal basis:
a. In the context of weighing the various interests – legitimate interests:
Where required, we process your data to protect our legitimate interests or those of third parties. To this end, we pursue the following legitimate interests in particular:
to test and optimise processes for analysis, direct customer contact and measures pertaining to customer loyalty and increased service quality;
to warrant EFG’s IT security and IT operations, particularly the security of the website.
b. In the context of consent that you have provided:
When you contact us (using the contact form), the information you provided will be processed for the purpose of processing and completing the contact request.
Who your data is shared with (recipient), and where the recipients are located
Within EFG, and in compliance with the applicable data protection laws, access to your data will be provided only to those entities/ employees that require this information to fulfil our contractual and statutory obligations. Processors engaged by us may also obtain data for this purpose. They are companies in the customer service, IT services, telecommunications, advisory and consulting and sales and marketing categories.
Outside EFG, information about you will only be forwarded to third parties when a legal basis noted under “For what purpose is your data processed?” applies, or if you have consented to the data transfer, or if we are legally required to forward the data. If your inquiry (by form) relates to a third party, we may share your data with this third party.
We may also disclose your information to governmental agencies or entities, regulatory authorities, or other persons in accordance with any applicable law, regulations, court order or official request, and for the purposes of any guidelines issued by regulatory or other authorities, or similar processes as either required or permitted by applicable law.
How long your data is stored
Where required, we will process and store your personal data in the context of your inquiry (by form). To this extent, we are subject to various retention and documentation obligations depending on the inquiry.
Moreover, the storage period of your personal data is also based on the statutory periods of limitation.
Your rights
With regard to your data and the processing of your data, you are entitled to the following rights:
Obtain a copy of the personal data we hold about you, together with other information about how we process it;
Request rectification of inaccurate data, and, in some circumstances, to request us to erase or restrict our use of your data, or otherwise to object to our processing of your data;
Oppose to a processing on your personal data;
Request modification of your personal data;
Request erasure of your personal data;
Receive a copy or have a copy transmitted to another company (portability of data) (in a machine-readable format) of your personal data, where we process it electronically based on your consent or that it is necessary for performance of our contract with you;
Make a complaint about how we handle your data to a supervisory authority.
Do I have an obligation to provide data?
In the context of our website, you must provide the personal data that is required for the use of our website for technical or IT security reasons.  If you do not provide this data, you will not be able to use our website.
In the context of contacting us by form, you are only required to provide the personal data that is required to process your inquiry. Otherwise your inquiry cannot be processed.
Will my data be used for automated decision-making including profiling (scoring)?
As a rule, we do not use fully-automated decision-making or profiling in the context of accessing our website, or if you contact us by form. If such processes are used in isolated cases, you will be informed separately, if this is required by law.
How do we deal with information from individuals under the age of 18?
This website does not seek to collect personal data from individuals under the age of 18. Individuals under the age of 18 should receive permission from their parent or legal guardian before providing any personal data to us.
Information regarding your transfer of third-party data
If you transmit personal data about your spouse, life partner, relatives or other third parties (e.g. guarantors), you are responsible for complying with the applicable data protection provisions. This may require obtaining the consent of these persons for the transmission of this data.
Use of cookies
What are cookies?
Cookies are information packages sent by a web server (in this case this website) to your internet browser, saved on your computer and checked by the server on each subsequent visit to the site. To gain full benefit from this website, we recommend that you configure your browsers to accept cookies.
Why do we use them?
Cookies are used to facilitate navigation within the website and correct use. They also serve a statistical purpose, making it possible to establish which areas of the site have been visited, and to improve and update user procedures.
Type of cookies used
"Session cookies" - are deposited solely in the memory of the user's computer and are deleted when the browser is closed. Use is strictly limited to the transmission of session identification data, comprising random numbers generated by the server which are necessary to permit secure, efficient surfing of the website.
For monitoring purposes, web statistics and advertising activities, we deploy tools that use cookies, such as:
Google AdWords, for advertising activities;
Google Analytics, for monitoring purposes, web statistics and advertising activities
These tools use cookies to allow us to collect anonymous information on the pages you visit and the way you use our website. This helps us to improve your future surfing experience. For example, they collect information about pages visited, the number of visits and the browser used.
"Third-party cookies" – When you visit our website, you will see content from third parties, such as a map showing how to get to one of our branches. This is provided by Google via Google Maps. We also offer you the opportunity to share information via social networks such as Facebook, Twitter, Youtube, Google+. When adding content, we keep you up to date on information that we have carefully selected and that might be relevant or of interest to you. However, this may involve third-party sites placing additional cookies on your device.
Our website may from time to time contain links to third-party websites. If you follow a link to such third-party websites, we recommend that you consult their policies on privacy, cookies and management procedures, as they are not verified by us. Please check these polices before providing any personal data on such websites.
Facebook
For cookies used by Facebook, see the management policies at the link
www.facebook.com/help/cookies/
Youtube
For cookies used by Youtube, see the management policies at the link
http://www.google.it/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Twitter
For cookies used by Twitter, see the management policies at the link
https://support.twitter.com/articles/20170514-twitters-use-of-cookies-and-similar-technologies#
Google-analytics.com
Google analytics uses cookies in order to collect information about how you use our website, so that it can improve your future surfing experience. For example, they collect information about the pages visited, the number of visits and the browser used.
For the cookies used by Google analytics, please see the management policies at the link
http://www.google.it/intl/en/policies/privacy/
How should I manage my settings with respect to cookies?
To optimise your use of our website, we recommend that you accept the cookies. Most internet browsers are initially set to accept cookies. You can at any time set your browser to accept all cookies, just some cookies or no cookies. In the latter case, you would disable use of part of the sites. Additionally, you can set your preferences in the browser so that you will be notified whenever a cookie is saved on your device. Please note that if you disable the cookies, you may not have optimum use of the site.
Changes to this Policy
This Policy may change over time – in some cases due to the entry into force of new regulations, updates and the provision of new services. You are thus advised to regularly consult this page.
Contacts
EFG uses cookies to improve the user experience. For additional information or to change the settings CLICK HERE