http://www.lidaproducts.com/info/privacy-policy.html
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Industrie De Nora S.p.A, (hereinafter "De Nora"), considers privacy and the protection of personal data as an important topic of its activity.
For this reason, it processes personal data in accordance with the EU Regulation 679/2016 or GDPR, General Data Protection Regulation, (hereinafter "Regulation") and Italian law. We invite you, therefore, before communicating any personal data to the Data Controller, to read carefully this Privacy Policy because it contains very useful information on the protection of your personal data.
This Privacy Policy:
is intended for the website www.denora.com (hereinafter "Website") and applies in all cases in which reference is made or there is a link to this statement;
is an integral part of the Website and the services we offer;
is made to those who interact with the web services of the Website.
The processing of your personal data will be based on principles of correctness, lawfulness, transparency, limitation of purpose and preservation, minimization and accuracy, integrity and confidentiality, as well as the principle of accountability. Your personal data will therefore be processed in accordance with the laws and confidentiality obligations in force.
We inform you that the personal data processed may be established - also depending on your decisions on how to use the services - from textual information, images or any other information suitable to make the individual identified or identifiable, depending on the type of services requested.
1. PERSONAL DATA OBJECT OF TREATMENT
We inform you that the personal data processed may be established - also depending on your decisions on how to use the services - by an identifier such as the name, an identification number, one or more elements characteristic of your identity suitable to make the interested party identified or identifiable, depending on the type of services requested (hereinafter only "personal data").
The personal data processed through the Website are as follows:
a. Navigation data
During their normal operation, the computer systems and software procedures used to operate the website acquire some personal data, the transmission of which is implicit in the use of Internet communication protocols. This is information that is not collected to be associated with identified data subjects and the De Nora will not attempt in any way to relate the data contained in the protocols of its servers with the people who visited the website. However, such data, through processing and merging with data held by third parties, by their very nature could make it possible to identify users. As an example, this category of data includes IP addresses or domain names of the computers used by users connecting to the Website, Uniform Resource Identifier (URI) sequences of the requested resources, the time of request, the method used in submitting the request to the server, the size of the file obtained in response, the numerical code indicating the status of the response given by the server and other parameters related to the user's operating system.
These data are used for the sole purpose of obtaining anonymous statistical information on the use of the website, in order to check its correct functioning, identify anomalies and/or abuses, as well as to better structure the Website itself. The data could be used to ascertain responsibility in case of hypothetical computer crimes against the Website or third parties.
b. Data provided voluntarily by you
Except for the reference to specific information, this Privacy Policy is also intended for the processing of data voluntarily provided by you through the Website. In particular, you can provide data by filling in the form (hereinafter “form”), requesting information, services or products, as well as data sent by you via e-mail. In this regard, we invite you not to include in the forms contained within the Website information that may fall within the category of particularly personal data pursuant to art. 9 of the Regulations (for example, data referring to your political opinions, your religious convictions or your state of health).
c. Cookie
The information on cookies are available at the following link.
2. STORAGE OF PERSONAL DATA
Personal data processed for the purposes set out in section 3.1 will be kept until the time required by the specific obligation or applicable law.
Personal data processed for the purposes set out in sections 3.2, 3.3 and 3.4 will be kept for the time strictly necessary to achieve the aforementioned purposes, in execution of the services you have chosen. In any case, as these are treatments performed for the provision of services, the De Nora will keep personal data for the period of time provided and allowed for the fulfillment of contractual, administrative, fiscal or judicial requirements.
Any requests or inquiries relating to De Nora’s handling of EU information may be made by industriedenora@denora.com
3. PURPOSE OF THE TREATMENT
Your personal data will be processed, where necessary with your consent, for the following purposes:
3.1. fulfill any obligations under applicable laws, regulations or Community legislation, as well as satisfy requests from authorities;
3.2. allow navigation of the Website and the provision of the services of De Nora, in addition to the purposes strictly connected and / or instrumental and / or necessary for the fulfillment of contracts entered into with the data subject;
3.3. to find specific requests addressed to De Nora in order to provide the information, services or products requested, as well as respond to messages sent by you;
3.4. for statistical purposes, without it being possible to trace your identity.
The processing of your data may be carried out using manual, computerized and telematic tools, also through automated methods designed to store, manage and transmit them; will take place through appropriate tools, as far as is reasonable and in the state of the art, to guarantee security and confidentiality through the use of suitable procedures that avoid the risk of loss, unauthorized access, illicit use and dissemination.
The data are stored in computerized, electronic, and - in a residual - paper archives, with full assurance of the security measures provided by the legislator.
Specific security measures are observed to prevent data breach, illicit or incorrect use and unauthorized access.
4. ADDRESS OF PERSONAL DATA
De Nora does not sell, transfer or otherwise transmit your personal data to third parties.
Personal data may be shared, for the purposes set out in section 3 of this Privacy Policy, with:
4.1. subjects that typically act as data processor, namely: i) persons, companies or professional firms that provide assistance and advice to De Nora in accounting, administrative, legal, tax and financial matters; ii) subjects delegated to carry out technical maintenance activities; iii) De Nora related parties, limited to the pursuit of administrative-contractual purposes and / or connected to the performance of organizational, commercial, administrative, financial and accounting activities;
4.2. subjects, bodies or authorities to whom it is mandatory to communicate your personal data in accordance with the provisions of law or orders of the authorities;
4.3. persons authorized by the De Nora to process personal data necessary to perform activities strictly related to the provision of services, which are committed to confidentiality and adopt GDPR-compliant standards.
There is no automated decision-making process for customer profiling.
5. CROSS -BOARDER TRANSFERS OF DATA
The information that De Nora collects from you will not be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Union (“EU”). It may be processed by staff operating outside the EU who work for us, or by other entities acting as data processors on our behalf.
6. EXTERNAL LINKS
De Nora websites may contain links to other websites on the Internet that are not under the control of or maintained by De Nora. Such links do not constitute an endorsement by De Nora of those websites, the content displayed, or the persons or entities associated with them. By visiting a linked website from De Nora website, you acknowledge that De Nora is providing these links to you only as a convenience and you agree that De Nora is not responsible for the content of such websites. External sites are governed by their own terms and policies and are not governed by De Nora’s Privacy Statement, Cookies policy or other terms and policies.
7. RIGHTS OF THE INTERESTED PARTY
They are recognized:
1) the right of access, or to obtain from De Nora confirms whether or not personal data is being processed, as well as obtaining information on the purposes and methods of processing, the recipients of the data, the criteria used to determine the period data retention, the source of the data (if not collected from interested party), as well as the existence of an automated decision-making process; De Nora provides a copy of the personal data being processed;
2) the right to obtain the correction and integration of incomplete personal data, including by providing an additional declaration;
3) the right to cancel data; this right may find limits in the event that the processing is necessary for the assessment, exercise or defense of a right in court;
4) the right to obtain from De Norathe limitation of processing;
5) the right to withdraw consent, in cases where it was previously provided without prejudice to the lawfulness of the treatment based on the consent given prior to the revocation;
6) the right to object, for legitimate reasons, to the processing of personal data, even in the case of processing for direct marketing purposes;
7) the right to data portability;
8) the right to oppose an automated decision-making process concerning individuals, including profiling;
9) the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. If your requests are groundless or excessive, De Nora may charge a fee or refuse to fulfill the request. These rights may be exercised by sending an e-mail to the address provided by the Data Controller.
8. DATA CONTROLLER - CONTACT DETAILS
De Nora, with registered office at Via Bistolfi 35, 20134 Milano- Italy P.IVA 03998870962.
De Nora is reachable at the email address industriedenora@denora.com or at the certified pec industriedenora@actaliscertymail.it.
To exercise the above rights or for any other request you can send an e-mail to dpo@denora.com
The Owner reserves the right to modify or simply update the content of this Privacy Policy, in part or completely, also due to changes in the applicable legislation. The De Norawill inform you of such changes and they will be binding as soon as they are published on the Website. The De Noratherefore invites you to regularly visit this section to take cognizance of the most recent and updated version of the Privacy Policy, in order to be always updated on the collected data and on the use made of it by the Data Controller.
Contact information
Via Bistolfi, 35
20134 Milan Italy
Tel. +39 02 21291
Email:industriedenora@denora.com
Contact the Data Protection Officer
dpo@denora.com
Who we are
Who we are
We are De Nora
We are De Nora
Our history
Our governance
Our locations
Our organization
Sustainability
Corporate Social Responsibility
People
People
Working in De Nora
Talent development
Work with us
Board of Directors
Board of Directors
Federico De Nora
Paolo Dellachà
Matteo Lodrini
Mario Cesari
Michelangelo Mantero
Giovanni Toffoli
Andrea Valeri
Simone Arnaboldi
Philippe Meyer
Operations
Operations
Manufacturing
EHS - Enviromental, Health and Safety
Supply Chain
Innovation
Innovation
Our expertise
Focus area
Open innovation
Laboratory and product testing
Joint development
What we do
What we do
Electrochemistry at your service
Electrochemistry at your service
Electrodes
Cells & components
Water Made Easy
Water Made Easy
Disinfection Technologies
Filtration Solutions
After Sales Services
Services
Partner of Choice
Partner of Choice
Joint Venture
Joint Development
Customers we serve
Customers we serve
Commercial & Institutional
Engineering, Construction, OEM
Engineering, Construction, OEM
Corrosion prevention
Pools
Water Treatment
Wastewater Treatment
Industrial
Industrial
Chloralkali
Electronics
F&B Food and Beverage
Mining & Metal Refining
Pulp and Paper
Steel Manufacturing
Surface Finishing
Marine
Municipal
Municipal
Drinking Water
Wastewater
Reuse and Reclamation
Oil and Gas
Utilities & Services
Utilities & Services
Power Generation
Coastal Power Generation
Desalination
Energy Transition
Insights
Insights
News
Webinars
De Nora Blog - Discover More
Events
Newsletter - Water Made Easy
Newsletter - Water Made Easy
Issue 9 (September 2020)
Issue 8 (June 20)
Issue 7 (Feb 20)
Issue 6 (Sept 19)
Issue 5 (June 19)
Issue 4 (Feb 19)
Issue 3 (Nov 18)
Issue 2 (Sept 18)
Issue 1 (June 18)
Contact Us
Careers
Find products by:
A to Z
A to Z
What are you looking for?
Analyzers and Detectors
Disinfection
Disinfection
Gas Feed
On-site Sodium Hypochlorite Generators
UV
Ozone - AOP
Pools
Electrochlorination
Electrochlorination
Delivered Salt Based On-site Sodium Hypochlorite Generators
Seawater Electrochlorination
Ballast Water Treatment
Marine Sewage Treatment
Electrodes
Electrodes
Anodes
Cathodes
Catalytic Coating
Gas Diffusion Electrodes
Electrolyzers and Cell Parts
Electrolyzers and Cell Parts
Membrane MGC Cells
Electrolyzers for salt splitting
Separators
Other Components
Filtration
Reverse Osmosis
Trace Contaminant Removal
Services
Applications
Applications
Find products based on your application
Cathodic Protection
Chloralkali Process
Chloralkali Process
HCl electrolysis
Membrane cell
Diaphragm cell
Mercury cell
Copper Foil
Drinking Water Treatment
Energy Storage
Energy Storage
Fuel Cells
Flow Batteries
Alkaline Water Electrolysis
Marine Water Treatment
Marine Water Treatment
Ballast Water Treatment
Marine Drinking Water
Marine Wastewater
Mining and Metal Refining
Mining and Metal Refining
Base Metal Electrowinning
Nickel and Cobalt Electrowinning
Copper electrowinning
Offshore Oil and Gas
Offshore Oil and Gas
Offshore Disinfection
Offshore Wastewater Treatment
Offshore Desalination
Onshore Oil and Gas
Pool Disinfection
Printed Circuit Board
Sodium Chlorate processes
Surface Disinfection
Surface Disinfection
ClorTec SD
Surface Finishing, Plating and Galvanizing
Surface Finishing, Plating and Galvanizing
High Speed Electrogalvanizing
Electrotinning (ETL)
Chrome Plating
Electrophoretic Anodes (E-coat)
Steelcord Plating
Wastewater Treatment
Wastewater Treatment
Advanced Oxidation
Biological Filtration
Wastewater Disinfection and Oxidation
Wastewater Filtration
Instrumentation
Water Reuse and Reclamation
Water Reuse and Reclamation
Aquifer Storage and Recovery
Groundwater Remediation
Treated Secondary Effluent
Zero Liquid Discharge
Water Treatment
Water Treatment
Biofilm Control
Cooling Water Treatment
Water Disinfection and Oxidation
Water Filtration
Intake and Process Water Treatment
Brands
Brands
Find your product by brand
BALPURE®
Capital Controls®
Capital Controls®
Capital Controls® Gas Feed Disinfection
Capital Controls® Chlorine Dioxide Generators
Capital Controls® Ozone AOP
ClorTec®
CECHLO®
CECHLO®
CECHLO®-MS - On-site Generator
CECHLO® 2/3 Compartment Cell
DE NORA TETRA®
DE NORA TETRA®
Media Filtration
Biological Filtration
DE NORA VIA
DSA®
LIDA®
LIDA®
Distributor List
ELGARD®
ELGARD®
Elgard Licencees
MicroChem®
MIOX®
NRG®
MARINER OMNIPURE®
OMNIPURE™
OMNIPURE™
OMNIPURE™ Series 64 G2
OMNIPURE™ Series MC/MX
Mariner OMNIPURE™ M64
SANILEC®
SEACLOR®
SORB™
UAT™
UAT™
UAT™ Reverse Osmosis
UAT™ Electrodeionization
UltraDynamics®
Americas
China
India
Regional Sites
This site uses cookies to improve the user experience. If you need more information or want to change settings, click here