https://www.employersgroup.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is critically important to Employers Group. This Privacy Policy applies to EmployersGroup.com (hereinafter, “us”, “we”, or “EmployersGroup.com”). We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting personally identifiable information you may provide us through the Website. We have adopted this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) to explain what information may be collected on our Website, how we use this information, and under what circumstances we may disclose the information to third parties.
This Privacy Policy, together with the Terms and conditions posted on our Website, set forth the general rules and policies governing your use of our Website. Depending on your activities when visiting our Website, you may be required to agree to additional terms and conditions.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Employers Group collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Employers Group’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Employers Group’s visitors use its website. From time to time, we may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Employers Group also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on EmployersGroup.com blog posts. Employers Group only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Employers Group’s website choose to interact with Employers Group in ways that require Employers Group to gather personally-identifying information. We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, fill out a form, sign up on our site and in connection with other activities, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, job title, location, email address and contact phone numbers. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, however remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links To External Sites
Our Service may contain links to external sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy and terms and conditions of every site you visit.
We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites, products or services.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Employers Group discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, service providers and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Employers Group’s behalf or to provide services available at Employers Group’s website, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, service providers and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Employers Group’s website, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Employers Group will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, service providers and affiliated organizations, as described above, Employers Group discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Employers Group believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Employers Group, third parties or the public at large.
If you are a registered user of EmployersGroup.com and have supplied your email address, Employers Group may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with Employers Group and our services. We primarily use our blog to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Employers Group takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Aggregated Statistics
Employers Group may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its website. Employers Group may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Employers Group does not disclose your personally-identifying information.
Cookies
To enrich and perfect your online experience, Employers Group uses “Cookies”, similar technologies and services provided by others to display personalized content, appropriate advertising and store your preferences on your computer.
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Employers Group uses cookies to help Employers Group identify and track visitors, their usage of EmployersGroup.com, and their website access preferences. Employers Group visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Employers Group’s website, with the drawback that certain features of Employers Group’s website may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
By continuing to navigate our website without changing your cookie settings, you hereby acknowledge and agree to Employers Group’s use of cookies.
Social Media Platforms
Communication, engagement and actions taken through external social media platforms that this website and its owners participate on are custom to the terms and conditions as well as the privacy policies held with each social media platform respectively.
Users are advised to use social media platforms wisely and communicate / engage upon them with due care and caution in regard to their own privacy and personal details. Neither this website nor its owners will ever ask for personal or sensitive information through social media platforms and encourage users wishing to discuss sensitive details to contact them through primary communication channels such as by telephone or email.
This website may use social sharing buttons which help share web content directly from web pages to the social media platform in question. Users are advised before using such social sharing buttons that they do so at their own discretion and note that the social media platform may track and save your request to share a web page respectively through your social media platform account.
Privacy Policy for Minors
Employers Group does not knowingly collect information from children. If you are under 13, please do not provide any personal information to us.
Business Transfers
If Employers Group, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Employers Group goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Employers Group may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Access to your own data
To be provided with a copy of your own personal data that we collect online and maintain in our database, and to contest and correct inaccuracies, or request that your personal data be deleted, please send an e-mail and we will action your request. To unsubscribe Employers Group email communications please email us at serviceone@employersgroup.com with “Unsubscribe” in the subject, and we will take you off the list.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Employers Group may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Employers Group’s sole discretion. Employers Group encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Contact Information
If you have any questions or comment about these our Terms and Conditions as outlined above, you can contact us at serviceone@employersgroup.com.
Published on June 29, 2017
×
Thank You
Your are subscribed successfully.
Close