http://www.westad.com/privacy-policy/
Applications
LNG TANKERS
LNG TERMINALS
ETHANE/ETHYLENE TANKERS
LPG TANKERS
CHEMICAL/PRODUCT TANKERS
OIL & GAS PLATFORMS
Products
WESTAD CRYOSEAL 2X™
WESTAD SCORPIO 2X™
WESTAD SCORPIO 3X™
SERVICE & MAINTENANCE
ABOUT US
CERTIFICATES & APPROVALS
CONTACT US
CAREER OPPORTUNITIES
ABOUT WESTAD
ABOUT KLINGER
+47 32 78 95 00
westad@westad.com
Search for:
Search:
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Click here for a Norwegian version of this text
Westad Industri AS cares about privacy protection and the security of your personal data. This entails, inter alia, strict internal practices, training of our employees and a high level of security.
Personal data means any information or assessments that can be linked to a natural person.
Westad Industri AS, represented by the general manager, is the controller for the company’s processing of personal data. In our business, we normally only process contact information for individuals at customers and suppliers, as well as personal data about our employees.
In the following you will find information about the personal data that we collect, why we do this and your rights in relation to the processing of your personal data.
Why do we collect personal data and what type of information do we collect?
We collect and use your personal data for various purposes, depending on who you are and how we come into contact with you. We collect personal data for the purposes stated below:
The completion of orders from customers. The personal data we register will normally be contact information for individuals at the customer, such as e-mail address and phone number. The legal basis for our processing will be contract based, pursuant to point b) of paragraph 1 of Article 6 of the General Data Protection Regulation (the Regulation).
The following-up of customers, as well as dealing with complaints. The personal data we process are normally contact information for individuals at the customer. The legal basis for our processing will be contract based, pursuant to point b) of paragraph 1 of Article 6 of the Regulation.
In connection with inquiries we receive via phone or e-mail, we will process personal data that is given to us. The personal data we process is normally contact information, but it can also be other information that you give us. The processing will take place following an agreement with or a consent from you, pursuant to point a) or b) of paragraph 1 of Article 6 of the Regulation.
Under certain circumstances, we may also collect contact information for individuals that represent businesses that we would like to come into contact with. The processing of personal data in such cases will be based on a balancing of interests pursuant to point f) of paragraph 1 of Article 6 of the Regulation. We emphasise that such processing will only take place as an exception and never as a general marketing campaign. The personal data that is processed will be limited to public contact information.
We process contact information for contact persons at suppliers and cooperating partners. The legal basis for this is agreement, pursuant to point b) of paragraph 1 of Article 6 of the Regulation.
When publishing vacancies, we will process personal data about the individuals that apply for a job with us. The processing of personal data is necessary in order to find the right candidate for the position, and this processing is in concordance with point b) of paragraph 1 of Article 6 of the Regulation. If we keep an application for later vacancies or we receive an open application, this will only happen in accordance with a consent from the data subject, pursuant to point a) of paragraph 1 of Article 6 of the Regulation.
Web-based processing of personal data at westad.com. We use cookies on our web site. You can read more about cookies and the cookies that we use here westad.com/cookies-policy
Agreements with processors
We have entered into processor contracts with the service providers we use, pursuant to Article 28 of the Regulation. This applies, inter alia, to processing system providers and other IT system and support providers, as well as accounting services providers. As a safety precaution, we only provide the names of providers upon requests submitted directly to us.
As an integral part of the performance of the contract with us, our service provides may process personal data on our behalf, but only in compliance with our instructions and the processor contract entered into. It is important to us that our processors take privacy protection seriously, and we impose strict requirements on the providers we use. The individual processors may only use subcontractors if the processor contract permits this. Subcontractors will always have the same obligations that follow from the processor contract with us.
Westad Industri AS does not disclose your data to others unless we are obliged to do so under the provisions of law.
Storage and safeguarding of personal data
Protection of privacy and data security is an integral part of our internal control system.  Therefore, we use reputable security solutions and have access to expertise in order to ensure that we have a satisfying security level at all times.
We retain your personal data for as long as it is necessary for the purpose that the personal data was collected. This means that for instance personal data that we process with your consent will be erased if you withdraw your consent. Personal data that we process to perform an agreement with you will be erased once the agreement is performed and all obligations that follow from the agreement relationship or from the provisions of law have been fulfilled.
Personal data will not be processed or stored outside of EU/EEA unless this is informed of and agreed.
Your rights
Normally, you are entitled to get access to the personal data that we have registered about you,and you are entitled to demand correction or erasure of the data we process. If we process your personal data based on your consent, we emphasise that you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
Questions concerning our processing of your personal data, correction, erasure or otherwise can be addressed to Anders Kjøll, via phone +47 950 02 787. Alternatively, via e-mail: privacy@westad.com or via ordinary postal mail to the company’s postal address Heggenveien 530, 3360 Geithus, Norway.
Please be aware that if you think our processing of personal data conflicts with the privacy protection legislation, you may submit a complaint to the Norwegian Data Protection Authority (Datatilsynet).
Meet us at Please follow this section to find out more about the next conference or event, where you will be able to meet Westad team. Meanwhile, you are welcome to visit our office in Norway.
2018 © Westad Industri AS. All Rights Reserved.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are fine with it.OkRead more