http://www.confi-chek.com/privacy.html
Home
Confi-Chek Privacy Policy
Last Updated September 2, 2020
To underscore our commitment to privacy and our vision that good privacy is good business, we have adopted this Privacy Policy for www.confichek.com (the “Web Site”) which is operated by Confi-Chek, Inc. (“we,” “us” or “our”). This Privacy Policy applies only to information collected through the Web Site. It does not apply to information collected by other means. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, you must discontinue use of this Web Site.
INFORMATION COLLECTION
A. Information Directly from You
Contact Information. We will collect information from you if you have questions about of our services. When you complete the contact form, you are required to provide certain categories of information, such as name and e-mail address. We do not share, sell, rent or trade this information with third parties for their promotional purposes.
B. Information Collected Indirectly from You
Cookies. “Cookies” are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive. Cookies are used to assist us in managing your visit to the Web Site. While most browsers are set to accept cookies by default, you can set yours to refuse cookies or to alert you before accepting them. Your browser manufacturer has information on changing the default setting for your specific browser. If you choose to disable cookies, some features of the Web Site may not function properly. We and our third-party service providers may use a variety of technologies (such as Cookies) that automatically or passively collect certain information whenever you visit or interact with the Web Site (“Usage Information”), including the device used to access the Web Site (“Device”), and the IP address or other unique identifier identified by that Device (“Device Identifier”). Your Device Identifier may also identify your regional location. This Usage Information is used for many purposes including, for example, to: (i) provide useful features to simplify your experience when you return to the Web Site; for example, remembering the searches you conducted; (ii) deliver relevant content based on your preferences, usage patterns and location; (iii) monitor and evaluate the use and operation of our Web Site; and (iv) analyze traffic on our Web Site and on the sites and applications of third parties. Third party service providers might combine information they collect from your interaction on the Web Site with personal information they collect from other sources. We do not have access to, nor control over, third parties’ use of tracking technologies. Service providers that collect tracking data on our behalf may provide an opportunity for you to choose not to be tracked online.
HOW WE USE AND SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
Use of Information by Us. We may use information that we collect about you: (1) to provide you with information or process transactions that you have requested or agreed to receive; (2) to provide you with information regarding new features, products or services; (3) to improve the Web Site or our products and services and to customize your experience; (4) to contact you with regard to your use of the Web Site and, in our discretion, changes to the Web Site and/or policies; (5) for internal business purposes; (6) for purposes disclosed at the time you provide your information; and (7) as otherwise set forth in this Privacy Policy.
Contacting You. When you provide us with information in connection with a particular activity or otherwise sign up for our services or provide your contact information, including an email address or telephone number in connection with that activity, product or service, you agree that this action constitutes a purchase or inquiry establishing a business relationship with us. You expressly consent to our communicating with you about the information you provided to us. You also attest that you have the legal authority over any telephone number you provide to us and can provide us with the authorization to contact you. This means you may be contacted in person or by recorded message, by e-mail, telephone and/or mobile telephone number (including use of automated dialing equipment), text (SMS) message, or any other means of communication that your wireless or other telecommunications device may be capable of receiving.
Transactional Communications. We may send you notices from time to time relating to your account or your orders. These may include order confirmations, invoices or customer service notifications. We may also send you service-related announcements when it is necessary to do so; for instance, if our service is temporarily suspended for maintenance, or the delivery of a product is delayed or there is some service issue with something you may have ordered. You may not opt-out of receiving these communications, which are not promotional in nature.
Service Providers. We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Web Site or administer activities on our behalf. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes.
Sale or Transfer of Business Assets. In the event that we, or any of our businesses, are sold or disposed of as a going concern, whether by merger, sale of assets or otherwise, or in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy or receivership, personal information may be one of the assets sold or merged in connection with that transaction. In such transactions, personal information will be subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Policy in effect when the information was obtained. You will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web Site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.
Legal Matters. Please note that we may disclose personal information that we collect about you when required by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary in order to comply with the law or legal process.
SECURITY
We recognize the importance of security for all personal information collected by our Web Site. Once we receive personal information, we take steps to protect its security on our systems, however, no data transmission over the Internet, wireless transmission or electronic storage of information can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. We cannot ensure the security of any information you transmit to us, and your use of the Web Site indicates that you are willing to assume this risk.
OTHER WEB SITES
This Privacy Policy only applies to the Web Site identified in the first paragraph of this Privacy Policy. Our Web Site, however, may include links to other sites which may be operated by third parties. If you visit a site not listed above, we recommend that you review the online privacy policy of that site to determine how the operator of that site will handle personal and other information collected through that site.
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits visitors to our Web Site who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. We do not share personal information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
At this time, our Web Site does not recognize automated browser signals regarding tracking mechanisms, which may include “Do Not Track” instructions.
POLICY CHANGES
We may modify this policy at any time by posting the modified terms on this page with an updated “Last Updated” date. If we make any material changes to our Privacy Policy or how we handle your personal information, we will notify you by means of a notice on this Web Site prior to the change becoming effective. Please check the policy each time you use our Website for the most current information.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, or the practices of the Confi-Chek Applications, please e-mail us by using our contact form located at https://www.confi-chek.com/index.html or call us at (855) 281-3915.