https://www.all-lines.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy - All Lines InsuranceAll Lines Insurance
Privacy Policy - All Lines Insurance
All Lines Insurance is ready to assist you.Follow this link for a FREE Live Quote or call us today at (904) 384-0783 or (904) 376-7200.				Open
X
When it comes to insurance, we make it our business to know your business.Contact us today at (904) 376-7200
Facebook
Home
About Us
Personal
Home
Auto
Life
Umbrella Insurance Policy
Health Insurance
Renters Insurance
Flood Insurance
Motorcycle Insurance
Recreational Vehicle Insurance
Rental Property Insurance
Business
General Liability
Professional Liability
Commercial Property
Commercial Auto
Worker’s Compensation
Group Health
Surety Bonds
Customer Service
Forms & Resources
Report a Claim
Request a Certificate
Companies
Company Contact List
News
Contact Us
Privacy Policy.
All Lines Insurance Agency respects the privacy concerns of the users of the Internet and of this Web site. We are of the mindset that it is our duty to let you know how we treat the information about you we receive on the Internet, and this privacy statement will help explain what information we gather, and how such information may be used.
First, you can visit All Lines Insurance Agency on the World Wide Web without telling anything about you or revealing any personal information about yourself. However, our web servers do collect traffic information such as domains hitting our site, time spent on site, etc, and is aggregated to measure statistics and demographics to help facilitate repeat visits in the future when applicable. All Line Insurance Agency only collects personal information if you choose to provide that information.
This site may include various quote or policy forms that will request that you give us contact information (such as name, mailing, e-mail address) demographic information (such as age, gender.) Personally identifiable information will NEVER be sold or leased to any third parties.
All Lines Insurance Agency Web site may contain links to other web sites. All Line Insurance Agency does not endorse, approve, certify or control these external Web sites, and is not responsible for the accuracy, timeliness, completeness, efficacy, merchantability, fitness for any particular purpose or correct sequencing of information located at such site. Rather, the links on this Site to other Web sites are provided solely as a convenience to users of this Site, and they may or may not find them useful.
Security for all personally identifiable or corporate information is extremely important to us, but unfortunately, data transmission over the Internet cannot be guaranteed to be 100% secure though we strive to do so. As a result unless we are using SSL to secure information, All Lines Insurance Agency cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us through this Web site, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission, we make our best effort to ensure its security on our systems.
Comments are closed.
Search
Search the site
All Lines InsurancePrivacy Policy
When it comes to insurance, we make it our business to know your business.
PERSONAL INSURANCE
Home Insurance
Auto Insurance
Life Insurance
Health Insurance
RECENT POSTS
Benefits Of Owning An RV
Hurricane Irma Prep: What You Need To Know
Learn About Florida Car Insurance
Why You Need Renters Insurance
Surety Bonds 101
SEARCH
Search the site
Accessibility Statement
© Copyright 2020 All Lines Insurance  /  Privacy Policy  /  Call us today (904) 376-7200  /  Site by Stockton Eller Design