http://www.modelny.com/privacy.html
Skip to main content
ModelNY
Home Portfolio About
Privacy Statement for modelNY.com
modelNY.com has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate
our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information
gathering and dissemination practices for this website.
Information Collected
IP Addresses
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to
administer our Web site. Your IP address is used to gather broad demographic
information. IP addresses are also logged with any form submissions.
Information Obtained Through Forms
Our site's contact and resistration forms require users to give us
contact information (like their name and email address) and, sometimes,
demographic information (like their zip code, age, or income level). We
occasionally use contact information from the registration form to send the
user information about our company and promotional material from some of our
partners. Contact information is also used to contact the visitor when
necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the
choice/opt-out section below. Demographic and profile data are also
collected at our site. We use these data to tailor the visitor's experience
at our site, showing them content that we think they might be interested in,
and displaying the content according to their preferences. This information
may be shared with advertisers on an aggregate basis.
Information provided via booking forms is used to help eliminate requests
that are not "legitimate" or "appropriate".
Other Sites
This site contains links to other sites. modelNY.com is not responsible
for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Information Obtained Through Order Forms
Our site may use order forms for customers to request information,
products, and services. We collect visitor#39;s contact information (like
their email address), financial information (like their account or credit
card numbers), and demographic information (like their zip code, age, or
income level).
Contact information from the order form is used to send
orders and information about our company to our customers. The customer's
contact information is also used to get in touch with the visitor when
necessary.
Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the
choice/opt-out section below. Financial information that is collected is
used to check the users' qualifications and bill the user for products and
services.
Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site. We
use these data to tailor our visitor&39;s experience at our site, showing
them content that we think they might be interested in, and displaying the
content according to their preferences. This information may be shared with
advertisers on an aggregate basis.
Information provided via booking forms is used to help eliminate requests
that are not "legitimate" or "appropriate".
Information Obtained Through Surveys
Our online surveys ask visitors for contact information (like their email
address) and demographic information (like their zip code, age, or income
level). The customer's contact information is used to contact the visitor
when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the
choice/opt-out section below. Demographic and profile data is also collected
at our site. We use this data to tailor our visitor's experience at our
site, showing them content that we think they might be interested in, and
displaying the content according to their preferences. This information is
shared with advertisers on an aggregate basis.
Information Obtained Through Contests
We may occasionally run contests on our site in which we ask visitors for
contact information (like their email address). We use contact data from our
contests to send users promotional material from some of our partners. The
customer's contact information is also used to contact the visitor when
necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the
choice/opt-out section below.
Outside Advertisers
We may use an outside ad company to display ads on our site. Ads may
contain cookies, and appear to be coming from our site, but in reality they
are coming from our partners who are serving ads on our site. Our site does
not use cookies. We do not have access to any information about you from
cookies you might receive while visiting our site.
Public Forums
This site may make chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news roups
available to its users. Please remember that any information that is
disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise
caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
Children's Guidelines
The modelNY.com web site adheres to the following:
modelNY.com does NOT collect online contact information without
prior parental consent or parental notification, which will include an
opportunity for the parent to prevent use of the information and
participation in the activity. Without prior parental consent, online
information will only be used to respond directly to the child's request and
will not be used for other purposes without prior parental consent
modelNY.com does NOT collect personally identifiable offline
contact information without prior parental consent
modelNY.com does NOT distribute to third parties any personally
identifiable information without prior parental consent
modelNY.com does NOT give the ability to publicly post or
otherwise distribute personally identifiable contact information without
prior parental consent
modelNY.com does NOT entice by the prospect of a special game,
prize or other activity, to divulge more information than is needed to
participate in the activity
Choice/Opt-Out
modelNY.com provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving
communications from us and our partners at the point where we request
information about the visitor.
modelNY.com gives users the option to remove their information from our
database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our
service.
Correct/Update
modelNY.com gives users the option of changing and modifying information previously provided.
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of
this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact modelNY.com
by sending email to contact@modelny.com.
Acceptable Use Rating Privacy Modeling Agencies
Copyright © 2019 All rights reserved.