http://www.riceland.com/privacy-policy
Terms of Use Privacy Policy Shipping & Returns CA Transparency in Supply Chains Act
Privacy Policy
Riceland Foods, Inc., its direct and indirect subsidiaries, parents and affiliates (collectively, the “Company”, “us”, “our”, or “we“) want you to be informed about how we collect, use and disclose any personal information that individually identifies you (e.g. your name, address, phone number, e-mail address).
As used in this privacy policy (the “Privacy Policy“), personal information means any information about an identifiable individual. This Privacy Policy explains our online information practices and the choices you, as a visitor to any web page, web site application or platform offered through any social media website operated or provided by us for our United States operations (a “Website“) can make about the collection and use of your personal information. We will only collect, use and disclose your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
What personal information do we collect?
We may collect personal information from you when you voluntarily provide it to us through a number of features available on or through the Website. For example, we may ask you to provide personal information if you:
ask to receive online information from us, such as e-mail newsletters or e-mail updates;
participate in a review, survey, a consumer research panel, or similar type of activity; and/or
otherwise participate in features of our Website that ask for personal information.
In addition, if you otherwise request any information, service or other offering from us, you may be required to provide your contact or other information in order for us to process your request.
Your participation in any of these activities is voluntary and we will only use the personal information that you provide for the purposes for which it was collected. For example, we may use the personal information you provide to: respond to your questions or comments; fulfill your requests; provide service(s) and/or products to you; identify your needs and/or preferences; administer and manage our business operations; or otherwise provide or improve our products and/or services.
You will always have the opportunity to “unsubscribe” from receiving e-mail or other communications at any time.
If you contact one of our consumer service representatives through our Website, we may ask you for personal information such as your name, address, phone number, or e-mail address so that we can respond to your questions or comments.
How do we gather data by automatic means?
Sometimes we use cookie technology, web beacons and other similar devices on our Website to enhance functionality and navigation for our visitors and portions of our Website may use statistical tools that may be operated by third party providers (collectively, “Analytical Tools“) such as Google Inc. Information tracked through these mechanisms includes, but is not limited to: (i) your IP address; (ii) the type of web browser and operating system being used; (iii) the pages of our Websites that you visit; and (iv) other websites you may have visited before visiting our Website. If you wish to disable cookies, refer to your browser help menu to learn how to disable cookies. Please note that if you disable cookies, you may be unable to access some customized features on our Websites. Cookies do not collect or contain your personal information.
Internet tags, graphic tags and similar web beacon type functions allow us to count the number of users who have visited a particular web page or to access certain cookies. We may use web beacons on our Website to count users and to recognize users by accessing our cookies. Being able to access our cookies allows us to personalize and improve your experience with our Website. We may also include web beacons in HTML-formatted e-mail messages that we send to determine which e-mail messages were opened. Like cookies, web beacons do not collect or contain your personal information.
In the case of Analytical Tools, the information generated by the cookies and/or web beacons about your use of our Website (including your IP address) may be transmitted to and stored on servers located outside of the United States of America, by the applicable third party provider of an Analytical Tool. This information will be used for the purpose of evaluating your use of our Website, compiling reports on the Website’s activity and providing other services relating to our Website activity and Internet usage. The third party providers of Analytical Tools may also transfer this information to other third parties where they are required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on their behalf.
By using our Website, you consent to the processing of data about you by third party providers of Analytical Tools used in connection with the Website in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
How do we share personal information?
Except as described below, we do not sell, transfer or otherwise disclose to third parties the personal information that we collect on our Website. At times, we provide your personal information to third parties who provide services on our behalf. These entities may use the information solely in conjunction with the specific services they provide for us (e.g., responding to your questions or comments or investigation of a complaint).
We reserve the right to transfer any personal information we have about you in the event that we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets to a third party. Further, we reserve the right to disclose any personal information as needed if such information is requested by law enforcement agencies or if we are requested to do so by law, regulation, court order, or by a government entity. We may also disclose your personal information to third parties if we have reason to believe that disclosing such information is necessary to: (i) conduct investigations of possible breaches of law; (ii) cooperate in any legal investigation; (iii) identify, contact, or bring legal action against someone who may be violating any terms of use of our Website; or (iv) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property. And we may disclose your personal information for any other purpose to which you specifically consent.
Links to other websites
Our Website may contain links to other websites operated by third parties. Any such websites are wholly independent from our websites, and we have no control over those websites, their operators, their security, their privacy policies or their practices. Before providing any of your personal information on any such other website, you should review the policies on privacy and security for such website.
Interactive features/social media
If you use social and/or other interactive features that may be available on the Website (e.g. Facebook or Twitter feeds, comment sections, chat rooms, etc.), you should know that when you voluntarily disclose your personal information using social media features or in interactive areas that may be available on our Website where personal information can be posted, the information can be collected and used by other Internet users. This may result in unsolicited messages from other posters or parties. We undertake no obligations as to the security of information you voluntarily post using social media features or in interactive areas that may be available on our Website.
Children’s privacy
We do not knowingly solicit personal information from children under the age of 13. If a child has already provided us with personal information, his or her parent or guardian may contact us to have this information deleted.
United States only
Our Website is intended for the use by residents of the United States of America only. All matters relating to our Website is governed by the laws of the State of Arkansas and the applicable federal laws of the United States of America. If you are located outside of the United States of America, and you contact us, please be advised that any personal information you provide to us may be transferred to other jurisdictions where our servers are located and that by submitting information, you explicitly authorize its transfer.
How do we protect personal information?
We maintain commercially reasonable administrative, technical and physical safeguards (varying depending on the sensitivity of such information) designed to protect against unauthorized use, disclosure or access of the personal information we collect on through our Website. However, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be fully secure. As a result, we cannot ensure or warrant in any way the security of any information you provide to us.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change or replace this Privacy Policy at our sole discretion at any time. Please check back from time to time to ensure that you are aware of any updates or changes in this Privacy Policy. Your continued access or use of our Website after any such changes constitutes your acceptance of the Privacy Policy as revised.
How to contact us
If you have questions, comments or concerns about our Privacy Policy, or would like to do any of the following:
see personal information that you have already sent us so that you can correct or update or delete your personal information from our files;
if your child under 13 has sent us personal information, delete that personal information from our files;
ask that we not send you mailings or otherwise contact you; or
report any violation of this Privacy Policy.
Please contact us either by e-mail ahdallas@riceland.com or by mail at:
Riceland Foods, Inc.
P.O. Box 927
Stuttgart, AR 72160
Attention: Andrew Dallas