http://www.mbw.com/privacy-policy
You are hereHome / Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
ATTENTION: PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY BEFORE ACCESSING ANY MATERIAL ON THIS WEBSITE, PROVIDING ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION OR OTHERWISE USING ANY OF THE SERVICES OR INFORMATION PROVIDED.  BY ACCESSING ANY MATERIAL ON THIS WEBSITE, PROVIDING ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION OR USING ANY OF THE SERVICES OR INFORMATION PROVIDED, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY, THAT YOU UNDERSTAND THE PRIVACY POLICY AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE PRIVACY POLICY.  IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THE PRIVACY POLICY, DO NOT USE THIS WEBSITE OR ANY OF THE SERVICES OR INFORMATION PROVIDED.
The following Privacy Policy describes the information gathering and dissemination practices of MBW, Inc. in connection with this website.  Use of this website constitutes consent to MBW, Inc. collection and use of personal data as outlined herein.
1. Collection of Personal Information from Website Users
MBW, Inc. may collect and/or track (1) the home server domain names, e-mail addresses and type of Web browser of users to this website; (2) information knowingly provided by the user in online forms, registration forms, surveys, etc. (including but not limited to, name, address, telephone number, e-mail, financial information and other personal profile data); (3) information regarding which pages users access; (4) information identifying the user or linking the user to the search performed; and (5) information associated with every search request made by the user ("Personal Information").
MBW, Inc. may place Internet “cookies” on users’ hard drives.  A “cookie” is a small text file generated by a website’s server and placed on a user’s hard drive.  Cookies enable the website and your browser to interact in such a way that the website is able to present you with the most appropriate options and to customize services to your interests, based on your previous use of the website.  For example, a cookie can be used to store registration information in an area of the site so that you do not need to re-enter it on subsequent visits to that area. Users may decline Internet cookies, if any, by using the appropriate feature of their web browser, if available.  However, declining to use cookies may impede the ability of this website to function properly.
2. Use of Data Collected
MBW, Inc. may use the data it collects to fulfill orders, provide customer support, communicate with you.  MBW, Inc. may also use the data it collects for internal purposes, including, for solving technical problems, calculating overall usage statistics, for internal marketing and promotional purposes, product development, and content improvement.  We may share Personal Information with our affiliates or third parties who provide servicing, administrative, marketing and other services for us, or on your behalf.
We may share anonymous aggregate information to non-affiliated third-parties.
MBW, Inc. may share your Personal Information with others as required, or permitted, by law.  This may include sharing your Personal Information with third parties in response to subpoenas, court orders, other legal process.  This may also include sharing your Personal Information with third parties if we believe that doing so is necessary to exercise our legal rights, defend against legal claims, defend against potential legal claims, apply the terms of any of our policies or Terms of Use, or otherwise protect the rights, property, or safety of Wacker Neuson, its users, or others.
In the event that MBW’s assets are acquired, your Personal Information will be transferred to the acquiring company.
Except as described herein, MBW, Inc. will not disclose to third parties any individually identifying information which users voluntarily provide to MBW Inc., except to the extent necessary to comply with applicable laws or legal processes, to protect the rights or property of MBW Inc., or to the extent that it is necessary to administer the services we offer.
MBW, Inc. is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of other websites not owned by MBW, Inc. that may be linked to this website.
3. Third Party Websites
This website uses or may use, Google Analytics, Facebook, Twitter plug-ins and/or other third party services and websites ("Third Party Websites").  Use of this website constitutes consent to such Third Party Websites’ collection and use of user’s Personal Information as described in the privacy policies posted on the Third Party Websites.  For further information go directly to the Third Party Websites.
4. Communications from Us
If you provide us with your contact information, we will provide you with materials and we may contact you by postal mail, e mail, telephone or other means.  If you do not wish to receive further information from us, or you would like to receive only certain kinds of communications from us, please contact us by e-mail or postal mail at the addresses listed below.
5. Minors
MBW, Inc. intends this website for use only by individuals who are 18 years of age or older (or such other age of majority as may apply in your state, province or other jurisdiction of residency).  Please do not use this website if you are not at least 18 years of age (or such other age of majority as may apply in your state, province or other jurisdiction of residency).
6. Security
Since we are committed to your privacy and security, we have put in place physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to attempt to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security, and correctly use the information we collect online.  However, please remember that no transmission of data over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your Personal Information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information that you transmit to us or from us, and you do so at your own risk. When you place an order or access your Personal Information, we offer the use of a secure server. Once we receive your transmission, we use our commercially reasonable best efforts to ensure its security on our systems.
7. Changes in Our Privacy Policy
From time to time we may make changes to our Privacy Policy.  A user is bound by any and all changes to the Privacy Policy when the user uses this website after those changes have been posted.  For this reason, we encourage you to review this Privacy Policy whenever you use this website.
8. Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or would like to change or correct your personal information, or your communication preferences, you may notify us by e-mail or postal mail at the addresses listed below:
MBW, Inc.
Marketing Department
250 Hartford Road
Slinger, WI 53086
E-mail: mbw@mbw.com
Copyright © 2020 MBW, Inc.
All rights reserved.
The use of this website is conditioned upon the acceptance of the Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy.