https://www.gettys.com/privacy-policy/
Open
Search
Close
Work
Services
About
People
Contact
Careers
News
Tracking
Privacy Policy
The Gettys Group (“we,” “us,” and “our”) is committed to protecting the privacy of your information. The following Privacy Policy sets forth our policies and practices regarding the online collection, use, and disclosure of the information we receive through your use and navigation of our website (the “Site”).
Effective Date
This Privacy Policy is effective as of November 1, 2017.
Information We Collect
We may collect personally identifiable information that you voluntarily provide to us, such as your first and last names, email address, and other contact information (collectively, “Personal Information”).
Usage Information. We may collect additional information from you that may not by itself reasonably identify you as the source (collectively, “Usage Information”). Usage Information may include your IP address; “click stream” activity, such as when you click on a banner advertisement; the type of Internet browser and computer operating system you are using; the location from which you are accessing the Site; the URL of the website from which you linked to our Site; the areas of our Site you visited; and the actions you performed on our Site. We will take reasonable measures to ensure that the Usage Information we collect is not personally identifiable and may not later be easily used to identify you except in the case of fraud checks or as otherwise required by applicable law.
How We Collect Information
We may collect Personal Information from you when you voluntarily provide Personal Information to us by, for example, using our online forms to submit inquiries, requests for our products and services, or feedback.
We may automatically record Usage Information on our server logs that your browser transmits when you use our Site. We may also collect Usage Information about how you access and interact with our Site through the use of automated tracking technology, such as cookies. A cookie is a small data file that is transferred to a web browser, which enables our Site to remember and customize your subsequent visits. You can instruct your browser to block the acceptance of cookies or to provide you with a warning prompt before you accept cookies from our Site. If you reject cookies, the functionality of our Site may be limited.
How We Use and Disclose Information
General Uses and Disclosures. We may use and disclose your Personal Information and Usage Information, for a variety of purposes, including, but not limited to, directly contacting you in response to your inquiries and requests for information, processing your requests, sending you promotional materials about our products and services, and managing our everyday business needs. We may also use your information to better understand your interests and preferences with respect to our Site by, for example, evaluating your usage activities and patterns.
We may disclose your information to third-party service providers that assist us with managing our daily business operations, providing customer-oriented services, and supporting our marketing efforts.
Law Enforcement, Safety, and Legal Processes. We may share your Personal Information and/or Usage Information with law enforcement or other government officials if it relates to a criminal investigation or alleged criminal activity. We may also disclose your Personal Information and/or Usage Information if required or permitted to do so by law; for fraud protection and credit risk reduction purposes, or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to protect and defend the rights or property of The Gettys Group or the users of the Site; and to act under urgent circumstances to protect the safety of The Gettys Group or its employees or a member of the public. We may also disclose your information to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, subpoena, or legal process.
Sale or Acquisition of Assets. If we become involved in a transaction involving the sale of our assets, such as a merger or acquisition, or if the Site is transferred to another company, we may disclose and/or transfer your Personal Information and/or Usage Information as part of the transaction. If we are not the surviving entity in that transaction, the surviving entity may use your Personal Information and/or Usage Information pursuant to its own privacy policies and practices, which may differ from this Privacy Policy.
Security of Personal Information
Unfortunately, no data transmitted over or accessible through the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we attempt to protect all Personal Information, we cannot ensure or warrant that Personal Information will be completely secure from misappropriation by hackers or from other nefarious or criminal activities, or in the event of a failure of computer hardware, software, or a telecommunications network. We will notify you in the event we become aware of a security breach involving your personally identifiable information (as defined by the applicable state and federal laws) stored by or for us. By disclosing your email address to us for any reason, you expressly consent to receive electronic notice from us in the event of such a security breach.
Other Provisions
Third-Party Links. The Site may contain links to websites that are not affiliated with us. Your use of an external website or any informational content found on an external website is subject to and governed by the privacy policies, terms, and conditions of that website. We do not endorse or make any representations or warranties concerning, and will not in any way be liable for, any informational content, products, services, software, or other materials available on an external website, even if one or more pages of the external website are framed within a page of our Site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of any external Site.
Accessing and Updating Information. If you would like to access, update, or modify your Personal Information or request us to delete your Personal Information, you may do so by contacting us at the contact information listed below. Modifying, updating, or deleting your Personal Information will not result in the modification, updating, or deletion of any Personal Information that may reside in back-up or disaster-recovery storage.
Opting Out. If you would like to opt out of receiving marketing communications directly from us, you may do so by following any instructions included in the marketing communication or by contacting us at the contact information listed below.
Web Analytics. We may share your anonymous Usage Information with Google Analytics, a web analysis service provided by Google. Google Analytics plants a cookie on your web browser to identify you as a unique user each time you visit the Site, but the cookie cannot be used by anyone but Google. We use Google Analytics to analyze Usage Information and assist us in researching the effectiveness of the Site and understanding users’ preferences. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to our website is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use, located at www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html, and Google’s Privacy Policy, located at http://www.google.com/policies/privacy. You may prevent Google Analytics from recognizing your future visits to the website by disabling cookies on your browser or installing Google Analytics’ opt-out browser add-on, which can be accessed at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Online Advertising. We use third parties, such as Facebook, to provide you with targeted online advertising. This enables us to tailor our marketing and display advertisements that are relevant to you. These third parties may plant cookies on your browser to identify you as a unique user when you visit our Site, enabling them to show you advertisements based on your past visits to our Site. Any advertising data that we obtain from such third parties are limited to anonymous Usage Information. You may choose to prevent such third parties from recognizing your visits to the Site by disabling cookies on your browser. To learn more about opting out of Internet-based advertising, you may visit websites operated by the Network Advertising Initiative and Digital Advertising Alliance.
Your California Privacy Rights. California law provides that California residents have a right to request businesses to tell them how their personal information has been shared, if at all, with third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please contact us at the contact information listed below.
Do Not Track. Certain web browsers and other devices you may use to access the Site may permit you to submit your preference that you do not wish to be “tracked” online. We do not currently commit to responding to these submissions, in part, because no common industry standard for “do not track” has been adopted by industry groups, technology companies, or regulators. We will make efforts to monitor developments around Do Not Track browser technology and the implementation of a standard.
Children Under 13. We do not market to and do not knowingly collect any Personal Information from or about a child under the age of 13 without the consent of the child’s parent or legal guardian.
Updates to the Privacy Policy. We may periodically revise the Privacy Policy in our sole and absolute discretion to reflect changes in our business practices. If we revise the Privacy Policy, we will notify you by posting the updated Privacy Policy on our Site. Changes to the Privacy Policy will become effective and will apply to the information collected starting on the date we post the revised Privacy Policy on our Site. Your continued use of the Site after any change to our Privacy Policy has become effective will constitute your acceptance of any change.
Comments and Questions. If you have a comment, question, or requested related to the Privacy Policy, please contact us at the contact information listed below:
jzeitner@gettys.com
close