http://www.olcu.org/privacy-policy
×
We provide links to third party websites, independent from Organized Labor CU. These links are provided only as a convenience. We do not manage the content of those sites. The privacy and security policies of external websites will differ from those of Organized Labor CU. Click CONTINUE to proceed or click the "X" to stay on this site.
CONTINUE
Monday:
9:00 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
Tuesday:
10:00 a.m. - 3:30 p.m.
Wednesday:
10:00 a.m. - 3:30 p.m.
Thursday:
10:00 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
Friday:
9:30 a.m. - 5:30 p.m.
Saturday:
Closed
Sunday:
Closed
Accounts
Loans
Services
About Us
Back
Share Accounts
Checking Accounts
VISA® Check Card
Kid's Page
Share Rates
Back
Loan Products
Loan Rates
Loan Application
Back
Home Banking
Bill Pay
Order Checks
My Travel Wallet
Other Services & Fees
Applications
Calculators
Back
About OLCU
How to Join
Current Events
Contact Us
Board/Supervisory
Bill Pay
Access Credit Card
Auto Loan Promotion
Call the credit union about getting 90 days no payments or 1% off your current rate!
All Promotions
Privacy Policy
FACTS
WHAT DOES ORGANIZED LABOR CREDIT UNION DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL
INFORMATION?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
Social Security number
Income
Payment history
Credit history
Account transactions
Employment information
When you are no longer a member, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
How?
All financial companies need to share members' personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their members' personal information; the reasons Organized Labor Credit Union chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does Organized Labor Credit Union share?
Can you limit this sharing?
For our everyday business purposes -
such as to process your transactions, maintain your
account(s), respond to court orders and legal
investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes -
to offer our products and services to you
No
We don't share
For joint marketing with other financial companies
Yes
No
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes -
information about your transactions and experiences
No
We don't share
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes -
information about your creditworthiness
No
We don't share
For nonaffiliates to market to you
No
We don't share
Questions? Call (209) 527-8731
What We Do
How does Organized Labor Credit Union protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.
How does Organized Labor Credit Union collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you:
Open an account
Apply for a loan
Make deposits or withdrawals from your account
Make a wire transfer
Show your driver's license
We also collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus, affiliates, or other companies.
Why can't I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only:
sharing for affiliates' everyday business purposes - information about your creditworthiness
affiliates from using your information to market to you
sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing.
See below for more on your rights under state law.
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and
non-financial companies.
Organized Labor Credit Union has no affiliates
Nonaffiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and
non-financial companies.
Organized Labor Credit Union does not share with nonaffiliates so they can
market to you
Joint Marketing
A formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together market
financial products or services to you.
Our joint marketing partners include FIS and CUNA Mutual
Other Important Information
For California Members. We will not share personal information with nonaffiliates either for them to market to you or
for joint marketing - without your authorization. We will also limit our sharing of personal information about you with
our affiliates to comply with all California privacy laws that apply to us.