https://www.michaelpage.com/expertise/legal
You are hereHome>About Michael Page Legal
About Michael Page Legal
Michael Page is a worldwide leader in specialist legal recruitment. Established in 1985, Michael Page Legal specializes in the temporary and permanent legal recruitment of professionals at all levels, from paralegals through partnership roles. We undertake this specialist recruitment service across both law firms and the in-house market. Within in-house, we cover the financial markets, commercial industry and non-profit sectors.
Specialists in Legal Recruitment
Michael Page is a specialist legal search and recruitment consultancy that sources the highest caliber of legal talent anywhere in the world.
Combining our long-established international networks with a local, boutique service, we are the first choice for legal job seekers and top-tier businesses across the country. We offer a true partnership approach to recruiting, using our specialist legal experience to bring together the brightest job seekers and the best employers for a successful match.
With a continued stream of mid to senior-level legal opportunities arising across the nation – both in-house and within private practice – we have become an exclusive business partner for many companies in the US and the first call for ambitious legal professionals.
Many of our consultants worked directly in the legal sector before joining Michael Page, and this industry expertise translates into high-quality candidate shortlists and more successful recruitment outcomes. We grasp how the legal function deeply impacts the success of a business and how to match qualified, experienced candidates with exciting, challenging legal opportunities.
Testament to the strength of a 40-year-old company that has more than 150 offices globally, we receive more than 90% of our business from referrals and satisfied repeat clients.
For More Information on How We Can Support Your Hiring or Job Search Needs:
Upload a job brief
Contact a Michael Page Legal consultant
Search for legal jobs
Useful articles
16 Top Law Practice Areas
Read article
Which Legal Practice Suits You: In-House or Private Firm?
Read article
Key Skills in the Legal Sector in 2018
Read article
Get in Touch
Get in touch
Get in touch
If you are an employer and would like to talk to us about your current recruitment needs, fill in the form below and one of our consultants will call you back.