http://www.vandyck.co.nz/privacy-policy?iframe=true
Marcel's World
Product Range
Food Safety & Certification
Terms of Trade
Factory Shop
News Archive
Contact us
Distributors
Promotions
Recipes
like us
Search for:
Privacy Policy
We respect your privacy. This Privacy Policy outlines the information we collect and how we use it. This Policy applies solely to information collected through this Site and not other sources.
CONDITIONAL USE OF THIS SITE
Your access to and use of this website and its contents (the “Site“) is subject to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy” or “Policy“), and all applicable laws. By accessing and using this Site, you (the “User” or “you“) accept and agree to these without any limitation or qualification.
TERMS OF USE
Your use of this Site is also subject to the Terms of Use posted on this Site (“Terms of Use”).
COLLECTION OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We collect personal information about you (i.e. information which may identify you in some way, such as your name, address, age, other contact details such as telephone number, email address etc. and passwords) through this website only when you voluntarily submit it. This may be when you register on the website, request information, submit comments or participate in some game, promotion, survey or other feature of the website. Providing personal information is up to you. If you do not want your personal information collected, please do not submit it. If you choose not to give personal information to us, we may not be able to provide you with access to some or all of the pages on this Site or our other products and services. Occasionally, we may ask you for personal information about other people – for example, your family or other authorized representatives. If you give us this information, we rely on you to tell those people that you are giving their personal information to us and to make them aware of this Privacy Policy.
USE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may use your personal information as follows:
To respond to your questions and requests, to provide you with access to certain areas and features and to communicate with you about your activities on this website.
To share it with our Related Parties as required to perform functions on our behalf in connection with the Site (such as delivery of merchandise, administration of the website or promotions or other features on it, marketing, data analysis or customer services). To do so, it may be necessary for us to transmit your personal information to outside New Zealand and you agree to this transfer.
Further use or disclosure of the information by them for other purposes is not permitted.
To provide you with product information or promotional and other offers from us or our Related Parties. .For other purposes set out when your information is collected or in any additional terms and conditions applicable to the particular feature of the Site.
For disclosures required by law, regulation or court order.
For the purpose of or in connection with legal proceedings or necessary for establishing, defending or exercising legal rights.
In an emergency to protect the health or safety of Site users or the general public or in the interests of national security.
Except as provided in herein, or as required by law, we will not provide any of your personal information to any third parties without your specific consent.
CHECKING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
If you wish to verify, correct, access or update any of your personal information collected through this Site, contact us at the above “Contact” address, telephone number or e-mail.
COLLECTION OF ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
Occasionally, when you connect to our Site we may use “cookie” technology and IP addresses to automatically collect certain technical non-personally identifiable information. This might include your type of Internet Browser or computer, the domain name of your Internet Service Provider, number of page visits and the character and duration of such visits. We also track the number of visitors to our website in an aggregate form. Personally identifiable information is not extracted in this process. This information helps us keep our website fresh and interesting to our visitors and tailor content to a visitor’s interests. We may disclose certain non-personally identifiable information to potential partners, advertisers (who may use this information to provide advertisements tailored to your interests) or other third parties, but we will not disclose any personally identifiable information, except as provided in this Policy. Also, we may allow third parties that serve advertisements on our Site (including our promotion partners) to place and access cookies on your computer, but they will not be able to access our cookies. The use of cookies by such third parties are not subject to our Policy, but are subject to their own respective privacy policies. You may set your computer browser to disable cookies or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you disable cookies, we may be unable to optimise your visit to our website and certain features may not be available.
SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION
We use certain reasonable security measures to help protect information you send to this Site. However, we cannot guarantee the security of such information. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we disclaim all liability and responsibility for any Damages you may suffer due to any loss, unauthorized access, misuse or alteration of any information you submit to this website.
OTHER SITES
This Site may contain links to other web sites that we do not own or operate. We do not control, recommend or endorse and are not responsible for these sites or their content, products, services or privacy policies. Downloading material from certain sites may risk infringing intellectual property rights or introducing viruses into your system. You should note when you leave this Site and read the privacy policies and terms of these other sites. You should also independently assess the authenticity of any website which appears or claims that it is one of our sites (including those linked to through an email).
OTHER
Jurisdiction
We control and operate the Site from New Zealand  (regardless of where hosting servers are located). All matters relating to the Site are governed by the laws of New Zealand, without reference to conflict or choice of law principles. You agree that jurisdiction and venue for any legal proceeding relating to the Site shall be in appropriate courts located in New Zealand. We do not warrant or imply that the Site or materials on it are appropriate for use outside of New Zealand. The information set forth in this Site concerning any products or services is applicable only in New Zealand, and these products or services may not be available in all locations. If you are located outside of New Zealand, you are solely responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws.
Transfer of assets
During the course of our business, we may sell or purchase assets. If another entity acquires us or all or substantially all of our assets, personally and non-personally identifiable information we have collected about the users of the Site may be transferred to such entity and used by that entity for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. Also, if any bankruptcy or reorganization proceeding is brought by or against us, such information may be considered an asset of ours and may be sold or transferred to third parties.
Severability. If for any reason, any provision herein is found void or unenforceable, it will be severed to the extent void or unenforceable and the remaining provisions will continue in full force and effect.
Definitions/Interpretation
As used herein:
“Damages” means any and all direct, special, indirect, consequential or punitive loss or other damages of any kind (whether in contract, including fundamental breach, tort, including negligence, or otherwise).
“including” means “including, but not limited to”.
“materials sent to the Site” (and “materials you send to the Site” and other like terms) means anything emailed, uploaded, posted or otherwise transmitted or sent to the Site (whether information, text, material, data or code or other) by you or another user.
“Related Parties” means all of our parent, subsidiary and affiliated companies, Site Developers and other promotional partners.
“Site Developer” means any party involved in creating, producing, delivering or maintaining the Site.
“use of this Site” (and “using” and other like terms) means “any and all use of the Site of any kind whatsoever, including access to, browsing of, reviewing, posting of, transmitting, reviewing, downloading, and other using the Site or any material on the Site.”
Changes
Please note, we may change information on this Site and/or this Policy, at any time without notice. You should regularly review this Policy for any changes. Any changes will be effective immediately upon the posting of the revised Policy on this Site. By continuing to use the Site, you agree to any changes, and by providing continued access to the Site we are providing you consideration for agreement to such changes.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments regarding this Site, please contact  Van Dyck Fine Foods, 49 Corbett Road, New Plymouth. Tel: 00 64 (0) 6 755 0905 Fax: 00 64 (0) 6 755 0906
Sorry but this page has been designed for more recent browsers.
Please upgrade to one of the following:
Internet Explorer 9, Mozilla Firefox, Google Chrome, Opera