http://www.rxitequick.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
INTRODUCTION
This privacy notice discloses the privacy policy (“Policy”) for Liberty Software’s website, libertysoftware.com (“Website”). This Policy applies solely to information collected by this Website.  This Policy describes how the Liberty Software collects, uses, and shares the personal information that you provide. It also describes your choices regarding use, access, and correction of your personal information.
SCOPE OF THIS POLICY
This Policy applies to information we collection from this website.
This Policy does not apply to information collected by us by:
– Offline or through other means not on this Website.
– Any third party, including applications or content (such as advertising) that may link or be accessible from this site.
– Our security and privacy practices in connection with your access to and use of the products and services that we market on our Website (“Services”). Security and privacy practices are governed by the terms and conditions for each Service.
INFORMATION THAT YOU PROVIDE TO US
Submission Forms
We may ask for and may collect personal information from you when you submit web forms on our Website or as you use interactive features of the Website, including: participation in surveys, demo requests, contests, promotions, sweepstakes, requesting customer support, or otherwise communicating with us.
Registration
This Website may require visitors to provide contact information and demographic information when you register to access some content or access to some portions of our Website.
INFORMATION THAT WE COLLECT ON YOU FROM OUR WEBSITE
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
We and our authorized partners may use cookies and other information gathering technologies for a variety of purposes. These technologies may provide us with personal information, information about devices and networks you utilize to access our Website, and other information regarding your interactions with our Website.
We may partner with third parties to either display advertising on the Website or to manage our advertising on other sites. Our third-party partners may also use technologies such as cookies to gather information about your activities on our Website and other sites in order to suggest advertisements based upon your browsing activities and interests.
Web beacons, tags, and scripts may be used on our Website or in email or other electronic communications we send to you. These assist us in delivering cookies, counting visits to our Website, understanding usage and campaign effectiveness and determining whether an email has been opened and acted upon. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by our third-party service providers on an individual and aggregated basis.
You can disable some Cookies in your device or browser settings but doing so may affect your ability to use this Website.
Server Logs
Our servers log information about your use of the Website, such as your search activity, the pages you view, and the date and time of your visit. Our servers may also log information may also include internet protocol (IP) addresses as well as browser type, internet service provider, URLs of referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, information you search for, locale and language preferences, identification numbers associated with your devices, your mobile carrier, and system configuration information.
Analytics
We collect analytics information when you use this Website to help us improve it, including the use of cookies. We may also share non-identifiable data about your actions on our Website with third-party service providers of analytics services.
SHARING OF INFORMATION COLLECTED
Third Parties
We may share information, including personal information, with our third-party service providers that we use to provide hosting for and maintenance of our Website, application development, backup, storage, payment processing, analytics, and other services for us. These third-party service providers may have access to or process your personal information for the purpose of providing these services for us.  They may also be able to associate information they collect with other information they have about you from other sources.  We do not have access or control over the Cookies they use.
Compliance with Laws
We may disclose personal information to respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims. We may also share such information if we believe it is necessary in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of our Service Agreement, or as otherwise required by law.
Testimonials:
We may post testimonials on the Website that may contain personal information. We obtain your consent to post your name along with your testimonial. If you wish to update or delete your testimonial, you can contact us at the address in the Notification Section.
Referrals:
If you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about our products and services, we will ask you for your friend’s name and email address. You must only provide your friend’s name and email address if you have a reasonable belief they will not object to us contacting them. If you do, we will automatically send your friend an email inviting him or her to visit the Website and will store this information for the purpose of sending this initial email, tracking the success of our referral program and other marketing activities.
Public Content
This Website may offer publicly accessible blogs, community forums, comment sections, discussion forums.  We may display this content on the Website, and further distribute it to a wider audience through third party sites and services.
With Your Consent
We may also share personal information with third parties when we have your consent to do so or if necessary, to process transactions or provide services that you have requested.
YOUR ACCESS AND CONTROL OVER INFORMATION
You can do the following at any time by writing to us at the address given in Contact Us section:
– See what data we have about you, if any.
– Change or correct any data we have about you.
– Have us delete any data we have about you.
– Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
– Request that we stop using your information.
END-USERS
Our Services are intended for use by enterprises.  Where our Website or Services are made available to you through a customer of ours, that enterprise is the data controller of your personal information.  Your data privacy questions and request should initially be submitted to the enterprise in its capacity as your data controller. Liberty Software is not responsible for our Customers’ privacy or security practices which may be different than this Policy.
CHILDREN’S PERSONAL INFORMATION
We do not knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of 18. If you are under the age of 18, please do not submit any personal information through our Website or Services. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 18 has provided personal information to us through the Website, please contact us at the address listed in the Contact Us section, and we will use commercially reasonable efforts to delete that information.
CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
This Policy may be updated from time to time to reflect changing legal, regulatory or operational requirements. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.  If you do not accept any changes made to this Policy, please discontinue use of the Website.
CONTACT US
If you have questions regarding this Policy you may write to us at the following address:
Liberty Software
Attn: Privacy Officer
PO Box 1105
Grapevine, TX 76099