http://www.swedgelock.com/application/privacypolicy
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
MUST BE EDITED BY SWEDGELOCK - THIS IS A STANDARD FORM
Statement of Intent
If you wish to contact us you will be asked to submit personal information about yourself (e.g. name, address, and telephone number). Whenever you provide personal information, we undertake to treat that information in accordance with this policy.
Submitting Personal Information
When you supply personal information to Swedgelock, Inc. we have legal obligations towards you in the way we deal with that information. In addition we have to collect the information fairly.
Use and Disclosure of Personal Information
We use personal information to deal with inquiries, consultations and for providing services literature.
We may disclose personal data to our consultants, agents and representatives to do these things on our behalf.
We do not sell personal information to any third parties. We generally do not share personal information with any third parties other than those mentioned above unless they agree to protect the privacy of personal information in the same manner we do or we are required by law to disclose the information.
We will only hold personal data on our systems for a strictly limited period of time. For the most part the time period will be set as a matter of internal policy and will be the minimum necessary for our use.
Access to your Personal Information
You have the right to request a copy of the personal information Swedgelock, Inc. holds about you and to have any inaccuracies in that personal information corrected. Please address requests using the on-line inquiry form.
Direct Marketing
From time to time we may wish to provide you with details of other services or literature about services available from Swedgelock, Inc. partners which may be of interest to you. We may also offer you the opportunity to participate in consultation processes.
Users under age 18
If you are under 18 years of age, please make sure that you obtain your parent/guardian's permission beforehand whenever you provide personal information to Swedgelock, Inc. on its website or by other means.
Security of Personal Information
We share the general concern over the safety and security of personal information on the Internet and have implemented procedures to promote the safety and security of information we collect online. We have implemented industry standard controls to try to ensure confidentiality; however, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. We cannot, therefore, guarantee that personal information will never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Privacy Policy.
Cookies
Cookies are text files, which identify your computer to our server. Cookies in themselves do not identify the individual user, just the computer used. We use an external agent to analyze usage behavior on our behalf. To enable this, we use a 'unique visitor cookie' to obtain information about your use of our site, such as whether you have visited our site more than once and how you found us.
Through modification of browser preferences, a user can elect to accept all cookies, receive notification when a cookie is set, or decline all cookies. Further information regarding the deletion of cookies can be found at: http://www.aboutcookies.org/page-2.