https://www.escatec.com/en/privacy-policy
Contact us
Become a Supplier
Our Solutions
Product Design & Development
New Product Introduction & Industrialisation
Electronic Manufacturing & Moulding
ESCATEC Stories
Company
About Us
Market Segments
Values
Leadership
Corporate Governance
Corporate Fact Sheet
COVID-19 Updates for Customers & Partners
Careers
Working at ESCATEC
Job Portal
Blog
Welcome to www.escatec.com (this “Website”). This Privacy Statement (“Privacy Statement”) sets out how ESCATEC Sdn. Bhd and its subsidiaries (collectively, “ESCATEC”, “we”, “us” or “our”) collects, uses and protects any information that we collect offline and online through the use of our Website, applications, portals, platforms, Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) systems, Customer Relationship Management (CRM) systems, communications and services associated with our customer and supplier/vendor engagements (collectively “Services”). It also describes how we use the collected information and the safeguards we have in place. The terms “you”, “your” and “yours” refer to anyone accessing or using the Services.
We may collect personal information that you voluntarily submit to us through the Services and may include personal information such as your name, identity card number, age, contact number, address, email address, job title, preferences, interests, any information capable of identifying you as an individual and other such data necessary for the use of the Services (“Information”).
We also engage service providers, to analyse the technical data (e.g. IP address, browser type and version, referring URL) and website visitor usage data (pages visited, durations and frequencies) generated by a website user’s activities while on the website to provide aggregated usage statistics.
ESCATEC may use your Information for legal, administration, operational and other legitimate purposes permitted by applicable law such as assessing your job application, processing orders, responding to comments or queries, managing and administering contractual relationships, providing and improving our products and services, sending promotional communications, and helping to identify services that can assist you in your business.
Information provided to us will generally be kept confidential but you hereby consent and authorise us to provide or disclose Information to (a) any person to whom we are compelled or required to do so under law or in response to a competent regulatory or government agency; (b) government agencies, statutory authorities and industry regulators; (c) our auditors, consultants, lawyers or financial or professional advisers; and (d) our sub-contractors or third party service or product providers as may determine to be necessary or appropriate.
We will keep and process Information in a secure manner. Where practicable, we will implement the appropriate security measures which safeguard against unauthorised or unlawful access to, or alteration, disclosure or destruction of your Information. However, we do not guarantee that these measures will provide absolute security and we are not responsible for the security of Information you transmit to us over networks that we do not control. We will not sell, trade or rent Information obtained to any third parties for their own independent and profit purposes.
We require that our third party service providers demonstrate they also have appropriate technical and organizational measures in place. Those processing your Information, including our third party service providers, will do so only in an authorised manner and for the purposes outlined in this Privacy Statement.
We may transfer and process Information to our global affiliates and such activities may be subjected to additional restrictions under the data protection laws of the region, such as the EU General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) and the Personal Data Protection Act 2010. We implement appropriate safeguards to ensure such processes/activities comply with the relevant data protection laws and your personal data will be secure.
You can request to see the Information we hold about you and, if the Information is inaccurate, you can request that we update it. You may do so by sending us an email at info@escatec.com Please allow us reasonable time to responds and effect any change.
We will keep your Information for no longer than necessary for the purposes for which it is processed. The length of time we retain Information depends on the purposes for which we collected and use it and/or as required to comply with applicable laws.
If you do not want us to process your Information for the purpose of this Privacy Statement, please send us an email at info@escatec.com
By not informing us or unsubscribing, we will assume we have your implied consent to use your Information as described above.
We do not control or assume any responsibility for the content, the security, the privacy policies and practices employed by websites or services linked to or from ESCATEC’s Website. We encourage all users to read the privacy policies of those third party websites to determine how they protect and use personal information. If you are using a third party website or service (like Facebook) and you allow such a third party access to your use content, you do so at your own risk.
Cookies are small data files stored on your computer’s hard drive when you visit a website. We use cookies to improve our offering of services and products to you, to help us improve this Website and to provide users with a good experience when they browse our Website. For more information on how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, you may refer to:
http://www.allaboutcookies.org
Please be aware that if you decline all cookies, some features of our website may no longer function for you.
ESCATEC reserves the right to change this Privacy Statement from time to time. The current version will always be posted on this Website.
Contact Us
If you have questions or concerns relating to this Privacy Statement, please contact our global Data Protection Officer by email or send a letter to the postal address listed below. Please include your contact information and a detailed description of your request or privacy concern.
ESCATEC Sdn. Bhd.
Industrial Zone 4
11900 Bayan Lepas
Penang, Malaysia
Tel: +60 4 643 25 54
Fax: +60 4 643 70 25
Email: info@escatec.com
We use cookies to offer you the best possible experience on our website.
Details
Got it!