http://www.pentagondesign.com/privacy-policy/
About
Blog
FAQS
Contact
Home
Web
Branding
Print
Video
Services
Privacy Policy
Pentagon Design
Pentagon Design Ltd & GDPR
The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) is the new privacy regulation that comes into force on 25th May 2018.
GDPR is a regulation that will be enshrined in EU law on data protection and privacy for all individuals within the European Union. It also addresses the export of personal data even when this is done outside the EU.
Even though the United Kingdom is leaving the European Union following Brexit it will still be applicable for all businesses UK.
At Pentagon Design Ltd we believe that the GDPR legislation is good for users and provides much better security across the web, in particular, this will be of benefit for those who are involved in online shopping or run e commerce businesses.
It is not true that GDPR legislation is really only aimed at regulating major corporate entities such as Facebook, Google and Twitter, who process vast amounts of personal data, this new regulation actually affects us all – even smaller businesses & companies that only process just a limited amount of data.
Even if a company uses data legitimately there is still a lot of work to do around the GDPR to review existing privacy policies, to review and update users access to any data that may be held about them, essentially making it easier for us all to see what data is held, where it is held and why it is held.
At Pentagon Design Ltd we take our responsibility for your personal data with the utmost seriousness. We never share your details with third parties without your permission and we never have, nor ever will sell your data to anyone.
How is Pentagon Design Ltd ready for the GDPR?
The GDPR defines what your personal data is, and this is the key, the law now recognises that this is your information and as such you can have much greater say in who is able to keep it.
It covers your name, email, address, phone number, financial data such as your credit card details, age, behavioural information, usernames and much more.
Much of this data is not collected by Pentagon Design Ltd as it is not relevant to our sales process.
We have responsibility firstly for the data that we collect from you, our direct client, and secondly for the data that is collected and passed to our Pentagon Design Ltd suppliers to fulfil any orders placed. Our suppliers may from time to time contact you with regards to booking and orders in the normal course of business.
Our newsletters & email campaigns have always been opt-in and this remains the case going forward.
We rely on your consent to send marketing mailers and we will continue to ensure there is always the option to unsubscribe in all marketing emails that we email.
We only collect the minimal data to process your order; names, addresses, delivery phone number so that goods can get to you via our suppliers. We collect your email address to let you have up-to- date information about order processing, we may pass this on to a third party courier if we are shipping product direct so that they can keep you informed you of whereabouts your delivery is in their network.
Website cookies
We do use cookies – small text files that are placed on your machine to help the site provide a better user experience. In general, cookies are used to retain user preferences, store information for things like shopping baskets, and provide anonymised tracking data to third party applications like Google Analytics. As a rule, cookies will make your browsing experience better. However, you may prefer to disable cookies on this site and on others. The most effective way to do this is to disable cookies in your browser. We suggest consulting the Help section of your browser or taking a look at the About Cookies website which offers guidance for all modern browsers.
We don’t use any of the data for profiling and nor do we sell it to anyone.
Google & Web Analytics
We use website analytics on our website to collect very basic information such as the device our visitors use, browser versions etc so we can use this for future website development. We can also see how visitors “flow” through the website in an effort to understand how we can make the user journey as easy as possible as the site is developed.
What happens when visitors link to another site?
The Pentagon website contains links to other websites. This privacy policy applies only to our site, so visitors should always be aware when they are moving to another site and read the privacy statement of any site which collects personal information.
We do not pass on any personal information about our visitors to any other site.
Users 16 and under
If you are aged 16 or under, please get your parent/guardian’s permission beforehand whenever you provide personal information to the Pentagon website. Users without this consent are not allowed to provide us with personal information.
Your right to disappear
Under the GDPR you have the right to be forgotten, in effect this means that all of your data has to be deleted by the person holding it and they can never use it again.
There may be exceptions to this, for instance our legal obligation to keep business records such as invoices to comply with financial and tax legislation.  We are developing our internal systems to make it simple for you to make this request and simple for us to process this. We will also be able to provide you with a copy of any data we hold on you.
Privacy Officer
Pentagon Design Ltd is only a small company so having one person as the privacy officer is not practical. We have assigned a team of people to consider and implement the GDPR and going forward it will be maintained by all staff. Any requests for information should be directed through the contact us section of our website.
Experience has shown us that our best customers are ones who have as much respect for our time as we have for theirs
PENTAGON DESIGN
No. 3 Waterton Park, Bridgend, CF31 3PH.
T: 01656 668 779
All content on this site is © Pentagon Design Ltd 2010 - 2020
Registered in England & Wales. No. 06061392
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy