https://www.postglover.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Home/Privacy Policy
ACCURACY OF INFORMATION
All the information on this web site is subject to change without notice. While efforts have been made to make this web site helpful and accurate, due to the open nature of this web site and the potential for errors in the storage and transmission of digital information, Post Glover does not warrant the accuracy of information obtained from this web site.
Post Glover wants you, our customers and visitors to the Post Glover web site to know how information about you is used. Our privacy policy is outlined below and describes our information gathering and usage practices. Please read Post Glover’s Terms and Conditions. By visiting our site you agree to accept the Terms and Conditions, and this Privacy Policy.
PRIVACY POLICY
Post Glover wants to take this opportunity to assure you that we do not rent, sell or make otherwise available user information provided via our web site to third parties except as specified in this Privacy Policy. User Information may be made available to or at the direction of legal and regulatory authorities (including tax authorities) if required by the public authorities as well as to Post Glover’s professional advisers subject to professional obligations for data confidentiality.
We are firmly committed to guarding the confidence you have placed in our company and to use any information you volunteer responsibly and professionally. We strive to collect only that information that we think is necessary for our legitimate business interests such as improving marketing of our products, meeting the needs of and educating customers and ensuring that our proprietary information is protected.
Toggle Sliding Bar Area
Latest NewsPost Glover Resistors thrives in manufacturing for over 100 yearsBy: Jessica Sabbah,  Channel 9 – WCPO Cincinnati Post Glover Resistors, owned by Telema SPA, opened in 1892. The business manufactures power resistors for a number of industrial applications. “Having been in the business 122 years, we have all the design information and all the engineers have been around a long time,” said President Richard […]
Post Glover to expand, add 19 jobsby Mike Boyer, Cincinnati Enquirer Erlanger-based Post Glover Resistors, a century-old supplier of electrical equipment, on Thursday announced a nearly $5 million expansion that will create 19 new jobs. Read more…
PulserPlus.net™ New High Resistance Grounding (HRG) ProductThe PulserPlus.Net is the latest high resistance grounding system from Post Glover Resistors. This is the fourth generation HRG system from Post Glover and is the premier digital high resistance pulsing grounding system available.
We’ve expanded our partnershipPost Glover now has an expanded partnership with Rockwell Automation to include Encompass Asia-Pacific.