https://www.nsm-seating.com/privacy-practices/
Skip to content
YOUR SAFETY COMES FIRST, NO MATTER WHAT.
Learn More About Serving Safely
Privacy Practices
This notice describes how medical information about you may be use and disclosed, and how YOU can access this information. PLEASE REVIEW IT CAREFULLY.
Privacy is of significant importance to National Seating & Mobility, Inc., and its subsidiaries (Hudson Home Health Care, Inc. d/b/a National Seating & Mobility, NE and Dependable Medical Equipment, Inc.), collectively “NSM”.  The following Privacy Notice sets forth the types of personal information and non-personal information that may be collected when an individual visits NSM’s website and/or mobile applications (“Applications”) and how that information may be used or disclosed.
By utilizing NSM’s Applications, you authorize your consent and agreement to this Privacy Notice and such use also signifies your compliance with NSM’s Terms of Use Agreement.
If you wish to provide feedback, have questions or concerns, or wish to exercise your rights related to your personal data you may contact NSM at feedback@nsm-seating.com and place “Personal Information” in the subject line or call 833.289.1020.  Please see “User Rights” section below for additional information.
Collection of Non-Personal Statistical Data
Data automatically collected on site visitors may include:
IP address;
Location;
Pages visited;
Date/Time of visit;
time spent on site; and
Device identifier.
Non-personal statistical data is used to improve the content of the NSM Applications and to assist NSM in understanding how individuals are utilizing the Applications.  This type of data collection will enable NSM to continually improve the Applications usefulness and user experience.
Where combined with personal information, we treat non-personal information as personal information for the period it remains combined.
Collection of Personal Information
We collect the domain name and email address (where requested) of visitors to our web pages.  We also compile user-specific information on what pages consumers access or visit and information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations, including name, mailing address, and telephone number.
Typically personal information is used in the following circumstances:
Tracking orders;
Asking questions about orders;
Providing customer support;
Requesting product or equipment information;
Inquiring about product maintenance and repairs;
Identifying local NSM branches; or
Contacting NSM for additional information.
NSM does not sell personal information collected via NSM’s website, mobile applications, or otherwise, to third parties.  Third parties may collect your information on our website or mobile application.
Collection and Disclosure of Protected Health Information (PHI)
NSM maintains physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to comply with federal and state regulations to protect your PHI.  NSM does not disclose your PHI, except and to the extent permitted by applicable law.  PHI is information that may identify you and that relates to your past, present or future physical or mental health, the provision of health care provided to you, or the payment for the provision of health care to you.  The NSM Notice of Privacy Practices describes NSM’s legal duties and your rights with respect to your PHI.  (See https://www.nsm-seating.com/privacy-practices/.)  The Notice of Privacy Practices sets forth:
the different ways that NSM may use and disclose your PHI;
your rights to inspect and copy your PHI;
your right to amend your PHI;
your right to accounting and disclosures NSM has made of your PHI;
your right to request restrictions on NSM’s uses and disclosures of your PHI;
your right to request communications by alternative means or at alternative locations; and
your right to a paper copy of the Notice of Privacy Practices.
Storage, Protection and Retention of Information Collected
All data collected will be housed internally within NSM.  NSM takes all precautions to protect the users’ information.  When a user submits information via the website, that information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever data is collected, that information is encrypted and transmitted to NSM in a secure manner.  The user can verify this encryption by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and viewing the “https” at the beginning of the address of the Web page.
While NSM uses encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, NSM also protects the users’ information offline.  Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to PHI.  The computers/servers in which NSM stores PHI are kept in a secure environment.
NSM will retain the users’ information until the purpose for its collection is satisfied.  Where required by law, NSM may retain information collected, including PHI, for a longer period.
Cookie Usage and Linking to Other Sites
NSM may provide links to other websites.  Any advertisements, links with other websites, co-hosts or references to third-parties are not endorsements of such third-parties’ products or services and are not intended to result in any referrals or compensation to you or NSM.  While NSM does its best to ensure your privacy, NSM cannot be responsible for the privacy practices of other sites.  NSM cannot guarantee the quality or accuracy of information presented on non-NSM websites.  These sites are only made available for the convenience of the user.
NSM may use “cookies” to track the users’ preferences and activities on the www.nsm-seating.com website.  Cookies are small data files transferred to your computer’s hard drive by a website.  They keep a record of your preferences making your subsequent visits to the site more efficient.  Cookies may store a variety of information, including, the number of times that you access a site, registration information and the number of times that you view a particular page or other item on the site.  The use of cookies is a common practice adopted by most major sites to better serve their clients.  Most browsers are designed to accept cookies, but they can be easily modified to block cookies; see your browser’s help files for details on how to block cookies, how to know when you have received cookies and how to disable cookies completely.  To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set, visit https://www.consumer.ftc.gov/articles/0042-online-tracking or www.allaboutcookies.org.
Linked sites may forward their own cookies to users, collect data, or solicit personal information.  You are encouraged to review the privacy practices of any website you visit.
NSM typically treats information stored by cookies as non-personal information.  Where required by law or where combined with personal information, NSM treats information stored by cookies as personal information in accordance with this Privacy Notice.
Do Not Track Notice
NSM tracks its customers over time and across third party websites to provide targeted advertising.  NSM also tracks your browsing activities in order to tailor the content presented to you.
Certain browsers, including Safari, allow users to set Do Not Track (DNT) preferences on their browsers to opt-out of behavioral tracking and let third-parties know they do not want to be tracked.  California law requires us to let you know how we respond to DNT signals.  Because there currently is not a legal standard for recognizing or honoring DNT signals, NSM does not respond to them at this time.  We await the result of work by the privacy community to determine when such a response is appropriate and what form it should take.
User Rights
If you would like to know the specific pieces of information that NSM has collected about you or would like more details about the information NSM collects including, but not limited to, where it was sourced from, what is being used for, whether it is being disclosed, and to whom it being disclosed, you may contact NSM at feedback@nsm-seating.com and place “Personal Information” in the subject line or call 833.289.1020.
Under local law, you may have the right to have NSM delete or change your personal information, with some exceptions.  If you would like NSM to delete or change your personal information, you may contact NSM at feedback@nsm-seating.com and place “Personal Information” in the subject line or call 833.289.1020.
If you exercise your rights as a user, NSM will not deny you products or services, charge you different prices for services or products, or provide you a different quality of products or services, unless permitted under local law.
Policy Changes
NSM reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to revise, change, amend or modify the Privacy Notice at any time.  NSM will not notify you of changes to the privacy policy.  Your continued use of the Applications shall constitute acceptance of any such changes.
NSM Privacy Practices in English.
NSM Privacy Practices in Español.
Site Designed and Developed by 5by5 - A Change Agency ©2020