https://www.unionmutual.com/privacy-legal/
Privacy & Legal
Share
Privacy & Legal
The Union Mutual Companies consists of:
Union Mutual Fire Insurance Company
Community Mutual Insurance Company
New England Guaranty Insurance Company, Inc.
(Hereafter “Union Mutual”)
Privacy Policy
To provide you with insurance, we collect nonpublic personal information about you from the following sources: your application and other forms and information you provide to us or to our agents; transactions you have had in the past with us, our agents or our insurance affiliates; information received from non-affiliated third party service providers with whom we contract to provide underwriting or claims service functions; and, if necessary, consumer reporting agencies.
We restrict access to nonpublic personal information about you or your family to those who need that information to provide the services you request or to whom we are obligated to provide the information. We have implemented and will maintain physical and data security measures consistent with information security best practices to safeguard your personal, private, non-public data to prevent access and/or misuse by unauthorized third parties. All data, computer file and documents containing personal, private, non-public information are made unreadable prior to final disposal. We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards that comply with federal and state regulations regarding privacy of such information.
We do not disclose any nonpublic personal information about our policyholders or our former policyholders to anyone, except as permitted by law.
(v1.4)
Legal Statement
The Union Mutual of Vermont Companies (hereinafter “Union Mutual”), maintains this website (the “Site”) for your personal entertainment, information, education and communication. Please feel free to browse this Site. You may download material displayed on the Site for non-commercial, personal use and only provided you also retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained on the materials. The design of this Site and information contained within the Site are the property of Union Mutual and protected by copyright, trademark and other intellectual property and proprietary rights. All unauthorized use of the information (including e-mail addresses) contained on the Site is strictly prohibited without prior written permission from Union Mutual. You may not distribute, modify, transmit, reuse, re-post or use the content of the Site for public or commercial purposes, including the text, images, audio and video without Union Mutual’s written permission.
Your access to and use of the Site is also subject to the following terms and conditions (“Terms and Conditions”) and all applicable laws. By accessing and browsing the Site, you accept, without limitation or qualification, the Terms and Conditions and acknowledge that any other agreements between you and Union Mutual regarding this subject matter are superseded and of no force or effect.
Terms and Conditions
1. All Information provided by the Union Mutual on the Site is owned by or licensed to Union Mutual.
2. Union Mutual does, however, authorize you to copy documents published on the Site for noncommercial use within your organization. This does not apply to fee-based or subscription information that is licensed specifically to individual customers. In consideration of this authorization, you agree that any copy of these documents which you make shall retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained herein.
3. Each individual document published by Union Mutual on the Site may contain other proprietary notices and copyright information relating to that individual document. Likewise, any product, process, or technology, contained in individual documents on the Site may be the subject of other intellectual property rights reserved by Union Mutual, and may not be licensed hereunder.
4. Your use of and browsing in the Site are at your risk. Neither Union Mutual nor any other party involved in creating, producing or delivering the Site is liable for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect or punitive damages arising out of your access to, or use of, the Site. Without limiting the foregoing, everything on the Site is provided to you “AS IS” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. Please note that some jurisdictions may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so some of the above exclusions may not apply to you. Check your local laws for any restrictions or limitations regarding the exclusion of implied warranties. Union Mutual also assumes no responsibility, and shall not be liable for, damages to, or viruses that may infect, your computer equipment or other property on account of your access to, use of, or browsing in the Site or your downloading of any materials, data, text, images, video or audio from the Site.
5. Any Union Mutual document on the Site may include technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. Changes may be periodically made to these documents; these changes will be incorporated in new editions of these documents. Union Mutual may make improvements and/or changes in the products and/or services described in these documents at any time without notice.
6. Users may through hypertext or other computer links gain access to other sites on the Internet which are not part of Union Mutual’s web site. Union Mutual assumes no responsibility for any material outside of the Site which may be accessed through any such “link”.
7. Images of people or places displayed on the Site are either the property of, or used with permission by, Union Mutual. The use of these images by you, or anyone else authorized by you, is prohibited unless specifically permitted by these Terms and Conditions or specific permission provided elsewhere on the Site. Any unauthorized use of the images may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity and communications regulations and statutes.
8. The trademarks, logos and service marks (collectively, the “Trademarks”) displayed on the Site are registered and unregistered Trademarks of Union Mutual, and others. Nothing contained on the Site should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel or otherwise, any license or right to use any Trademark displayed on the Site without the written permission of the Trademark owner. Your misuse of the Trademarks displayed on the Site, or any other content on the Site, except as provided in these Terms and Conditions, is strictly prohibited. You are also advised that the Union Mutual will aggressively enforce its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law, including the seeking of criminal prosecution.
9. Although Union Mutual may from time to time monitor or review postings, transmissions, database entries and the like on the Site, Union Mutual is under no obligation to do so and assumes no responsibility or liability arising from the content of any such locations, nor for any error, defamation, libel, slander, omission, falsehood, obscenity, pornography, profanity, danger or inaccuracy contained in any information within such locations on the Site. You are prohibited from posting or transmitting any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, scandalous, inflammatory, pornographic or profane material or any material that could constitute or encourage conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any law. Union Mutual will fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing Union Mutual to disclose the identity of anyone posting any such information or materials.
10. Software from this Site may be further subject to United States export laws, rules and regulations, as amended from time to time. No software from this Site may be downloaded or exported into any country or to a national or resident of any country to which the United States has embargoed goods; or anyone on the United States Treasury Department’s list of Specially Designated Nationals, or the U.S. Commerce Department’s Table of Deny Orders. By downloading or using the software, you represent and warrant that you are not located in, under the control of, or a national or resident of any such country or on any such list.
11. Union Mutual may at any time revise these Terms and Conditions by updating this posting. You are bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to review the then-current Terms and Conditions to which you are bound.
If you have any questions or comments regarding our Terms of Use please contact:
Web Site/Internet Group
Union Mutual of Vermont Companies
P.O. Box 158
Montpelier, Vermont 05601-0158
Privacy & Legal
Reporting a Claim
Information on how to report your claim.
Read More
Policyholder Login
Login to your online account to view your policy, pay your bill and more.
Read More
In the News
Union Mutual happenings throughout New England and New York.
Read More
Careers
Interested in joining our team?
Read More
History
Read about our 140-year history as a New England mutual insurance company.
Read More
Personal
Auto
Dwelling Fire
Flood
Homeowners
Umbrella
Commercial
Auto
Businessowners
Flood
Umbrella
Policyholder Resources
Setting up an Online Account
Going Paperless
Loss Prevention Tips
Billing FAQs
Report a Claim
Homeowners Renewal Questionnaire
About
Our Team
Our Financials
Careers
Blog
Contact
139 State Street Montpelier, VT 05602
1 (800) 300-5261
Affiliated