http://www.aiada.org/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Youtube
LinkedIn
Twitter
Facebook
Privacy Policy
This is the American International Automobile Dealers Association's Internet Privacy Statement. This privacy statement discloses the privacy practices for www.aiada.org and any AIADA-related websites.
Information Collection and Use
The American International Automobile Dealers Association is the sole owner of the information collected on this website. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways other than those outlined in this statement. The American International Automobile Dealers Association collects information from our users at several different points on our website. Personal information provided by users will be used by the AIADA to improve the site and provide a more personalized experience for the user, but information which identifies a specific individual will not be disclosed to others without the user's permission unless necessary to provide services which the user has requested.
Subscriptions to AIADA Publications
It is optional for a user to complete a subscription form for AIADA email and print publications. If a user chooses to complete this form, a user is required to give certain information (such as name and email address). This information is used to contact the user about the services on our site for which they have expressed interest.
Log Files
We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track users' movement and referring sites, and gather broad information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Sharing
We will share aggregate information with our partners and advertisers. This aggregate information does not contain personally identifiable information and therefore cannot identify any specific individual.  We use an outside credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services. These companies do not retain, share, store, or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes. We partner with other parties to provide specific services such as a secured site for financial transactions. When the user signs up for these services, we will share names, or other contact information that is necessary for the third party to provide these services, with the permission of the user. These parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that the American International Automobile Dealers Association is not responsible for the privacy practices of such websites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of every website that collects personally identifiable information. AIADA's privacy statement applies solely to information collected by the American International Automobile Dealers Association website.
Surveys and Campaigns
From time to time, our website requests information from users via surveys or electronic grassroots campaigns. Participation in these surveys is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose this information. Information requested may include demographic information (such as name and physical address, zip code, or phone number). Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site and other AIADA correspondence.
Security
This website takes every precaution to protect our users' information. All of our users' information is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (e.g., our Accounting and Membership departments) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The servers used to store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment. If you have any questions about the security at our website, you can use our contact form to express those concerns.
Correction/Updating Personal Information
If a user's personally identifiable information changes (such as a zip code), or if a user no longer desires any or all of our services, we will make our best effort to provide a way to correct, update or remove that user's personal data from our records, but this may require additional effort as the Association works to synchronize all member and subscriber data sources. This can usually be done on the contact us page. Users can also reach us at 800-GO-AIADA (800-462-4232).
Choice/Opt-Out
Users who no longer wish to receive our newsletter or promotional materials from our partners may opt-out of receiving these communications by following the "unsubscribe" instructions in the email message. Users of our site are always notified when their information is being collected by any outside parties. We do this so our users can make an informed choice as to whether or not they should proceed with services that require an outside party.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post changes on our home page so our users are always aware of the information we collect, the ways we use it, and any circumstances under which we disclose it. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by way of email. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
Copyright
© 2020 American International Automobile Dealers Association (AIADA). All rights reserved. Unauthorized use prohibited. American International Automobile Dealers Association copyright materials may not be reproduced in whole or in part by persons, organizations or corporations other than AIADA without the prior written permission of AIADA.
Become a Member
Contact Congress
Join the Legislative Action Network
Latest News & Events
Sign Up for AIADA Updates
Please provide your contact information and select your areas of interest in the fields below.
First Name
Last Name
Email Address *
Subscriptions
FirstUp
You Auto Know
500 Montgomery Street, Suite 800
Alexandria, VA 22314
1-800-GO-AIADA (1-800-462-4232)
About Us
Connect with AIADA
Get Involved
Member Benefits
News & Events
Our Impact
Policy
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Site Map
Youtube
LinkedIn
Twitter
Facebook
© Copyright 2020 American International Automobile Dealers. All rights reserved.
Menu
Close
Search
About Us
News & Events
Policy
Our Impact
Member Benefits
Connect with AIADA
Get Involved
Become a Member