http://www.cloverleaf.ca/en/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Menu
Search
Recipes
Products
Health and Wellness
Trace My Catch
SustainabilitySustainability
Sustaining Fisheries
International Seafood Sustainability Foundation (ISSF)
Trace My Catch
Social Responsibility
Clover Leaf Audit Results
Conserving Resources
Seafood School
Brunswick
Wild Selections
FAQ
Contact
English
Français
Search recipes and more
English
Français
FAQ
Contact
Search recipes and more
Recipes
Products
Health and Wellness
Trace My Catch
SustainabilitySustainability
Sustaining Fisheries
International Seafood Sustainability Foundation (ISSF)
Trace My Catch
Social Responsibility
Clover Leaf Audit Results
Conserving Resources
Seafood School
Brunswick
Wild Selections
You are hereHome » Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicyEffective Date: September 12, 2018
Table of Contents:
CLOVER LEAF®'s Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”)
Gathering of Personal Information
Information Collected by Automated Means
Information Collected From Other Sources
Questionnaires & Surveys
Consent to Use Personal Information
Opt-Out and Updating and Deleting Your Personal Information
Use of Personal Information
Forward to or Refer a Friend
Sharing Your Information
Security and Retention
Processing Of Information Outside Of Canada
Kids
Children’s Online Privacy
Promotions
Third Party Websites
Intellectual Property
Updates to this Privacy Policy
How To Contact Us
Final Note
CLOVER LEAF Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”)
Connors Bros. Clover Leaf Seafoods Company (“Clover Leaf”) recognizes that consumers who visit our Clover Leaf web site are concerned about the personal information they provide to us and how we maintain and use that information. To address these concerns and to demonstrate our commitment to privacy, we have developed and implemented this privacy policy.
By visiting Cloverleaf.ca, you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
Gathering of Personal Information
Clover Leaf collects personally identifiable information from our consumers solely on a voluntary basis and with your consent except where the law provides an exemption. We may collect such information via direct mail, in-store promotions, product packaging, by phone and through our website and other on-line means. “Personal Information” is defined in Canada’s Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (“PIPEDA”) and similarly in certain provincial privacy legislation, as information about an identifiable individual, though it does not include the name, business title, and business address or telephone number of employees of organizations. Such personally identifiable information may include your name, postal address, e-mail address, IP address and/or telephone numbers, etc. (collectively referred to herein as “Personal Information”). We do not require that your Personal Information be provided in order to gain access to our sites. The purposes for which Personal Information is collected shall be identified in this Privacy Policy and/or at the time the Personal Information is collected. We will only collect Personal Information necessary for the purposes identified. If you provide Personal Information you may use certain additional features of this website and we can use that information to customize your website experience.
INFORMATION COLLECTED BY AUTOMATED MEANS
Our website is enabled with Google Analytics and you can opt-out of Google Analytics by using Google Ad Settings.  For more information, please visit Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on.  Like many companies, Clover Leaf may in the future use a variety of other cookies, barcodes/QR codes, web beacons/pixel tags, log files, and other technologies to collect certain information about visitors to our websites, use of our online services, and interactions with our emails and online advertisements. If we use any of these technologies besides Google Analytics in the future to collect Personal Information, we will update this Privacy Policy.
Collecting information through these technologies, sharing it with our advertisers, business partners, sponsors, and other third parties, and linking it with your personal information allow us to do the following:
helps us to customize our websites and enhance your online experience by saving your preferences while you are visiting a Clover Leaf site;
helps us identify products, services, site features, recipes, advertisements, and offers that may be of particular interest to you; and
helps us diagnose problems with our server and administer our web sites.
You can set your Internet browser settings to stop accepting new cookies, to receive notice when you receive a new cookie, to disable existing cookies, and to omit images (which will disable pixel tags). Note that the opt-out will apply only to the browser that you are using when you elect to opt out of advertising cookies. You can learn more about and opt out from receiving third party advertiser cookies by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada’s opt-out page here. Please be advised that without cookies or pixel tags, you may not be able to take full advantage of all of Clover Leaf’s website features.
INFORMATION COLLECTED FROM OTHER SOURCES
We may obtain information about you from other sources, including commercially available sources, such as data aggregators and public databases. This information may include name, demographic information, interests, and publicly-observed data, such as from social media and shopping behaviour. We also may collect information from your social media programs when you contact us through a social media platform. We may combine this information with the information we collect from you to help us tailor our communications to you and to improve our services and products.
QUESTIONNAIRES & SURVEYS
From time to time we may gather Information  from questionnaires and surveys only for internal use of Clover Leaf. If sample answers to polls or surveys are posted on the web site, then no identifiable Personal Information will be included.
Consent to Use Personal Information
Consent may be obtained in various ways. We may obtain your express consent or we may determine that consent has been implied by the circumstances. For example, when we receive Personal Information from you to provide a requested product or service, your consent to use the Personal Information for that purpose is implied. If you need to provide Personal Information about other individuals (such as dependents), you must first obtain their consent for these purposes prior to your disclosure to us. There are legal exceptions where we will not need to obtain consent or explain the purposes for the collection, use or disclosure of Personal Information. Some examples are if there is an emergency that threatens the life, health or security of an individual, or if we must comply with a court order.
Opt-Out and Updating and Deleting Your Personal Information
If you opt-in to receive communications and other information from us, you can always opt-out by using the Contact Us link below or by unsubscribing from emails using the link provided at the bottom of the email. Our web sites and email programs are designed in compliance with the requirements of Canada’s Anti-Spam Legislation (CASL).
Likewise, we will provide users with the opportunity to change any Personal Information previously provided or have their Personal Information deleted by contacting us as set forth in “How To Contact Us” section below.
Use of Personal Information
We collect Personal Information primarily for the following reasons:
to send consumers who opt-in  offers, recipes, coupons, updates and news, and other information about Clover Leaf, our portfolio of brands and our partners;
to notify winners of Promotions, such as contests, games and sweepstakes, and to distribute prizes;
to send out brochures, and other materials via regular mail to subscribers who opt-in;
to distribute items that are part of “giveaways” that you have registered for;
for use in our on-line and off-line marketing and advertising campaigns;
when you participate through any community portions of our sites;
to respond to your questions or comments if you contact us as described in the “How To Contact Us” section below;
to allow you to provide feedback in the form of surveys and questionnaires so we can improve our products, services and sites;
to contact you if needed while processing a product or service you requested;
to deliver content that is customized to your interests and tastes; and
in connection with considering and evaluating applications for employment provided to Clover Leaf.
Personal Information will only be used for the purposes for which it was collected and consistent with this Privacy Policy, unless an individual has otherwise consented or when it is required or permitted by law.
FORWARD TO OR REFER A FRIEND
If you choose to use our Refer a Friend or Forward to a Friend feature, we will send your friend(s) a one-time e-mail about the applicable information. If your referred friend does not subscribe to our newsletter , we receive no information about that referred friend. We do not permanently store the name or e-mail address of such individuals unless they opt-in to receive further communications from us.
Sharing Your Information
WE DO NOT SELL, TRANSFER, OR DISCLOSE ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION WE GATHER TO ANY THIRD PARTIES WITHOUT YOUR PRIOR CONSENT, EXCEPT IN CASES WHEN WE BELIEVE IN GOOD FAITH THAT WE HAVE A LEGAL OBLIGATION TO DISCLOSE SUCH PERSONAL INFORMATION AND WITH THOSE SUPPLIERS, OR ADVERTISING AND PROMOTIONAL AGENCIES THAT NEED TO HAVE ACCESS TO THE INFORMATION TO PROVIDE THE SERVICES OR PRODUCTS YOU HAVE REQUESTED. Our suppliers and service providers are required to maintain confidentiality with respect to all Personal Information, and may not use your Personal Information for any unauthorized purpose.
In limited circumstances we may also transfer your Personal Information to potential buyers of all or a portion of any Clover Leaf business or other assets. In that case, we will use contractual means to ensure the potential buyers promise to keep your Personal Information secure, and, if the sale or transfer proceeds, to only use the information for the purposes for which you disclosed it and in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Security and Retention
Only those employees at Clover Leaf who required your Personal Information will have access to it. We protect your Personal Information with appropriate security measures, and we require our suppliers, and advertising and promotional agencies to do the same. We will only keep your personal information for as long as it remains necessary for the purpose it was provided or as required by law.
Processing Of Information Outside Of Canada
Clover Leaf is part of a group of companies. Website hosting, storage and management of electronic communications, and data processing within the Clover Leaf group of companies may be done via servers located outside of Canada. Some of our supplier, advertising, or promotional agency service providers as described above may also be located outside of Canada. As a result, your Personal Information may be accessible to regulatory authorities in accordance with the laws of other jurisdictions.
Kids
Before providing your name, address, or email address to us, be sure to ask your parents first.
Children’s Online Privacy
We recognize there are unique issues concerning the protection of children’s privacy over the Internet. All children-directed Clover Leaf web sites are designed to comply with the requirements of the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA), and the Children’s Advertising Review Unit (CARU) guidelines for web sites gathering identifiable information from children (under age 13). Consistent with these requirements and guidelines, and provided that we have been given accurate information by the child when asked, we do NOT:
distribute to third parties any personally identifiable information without prior parental consent;
entice children by the prospect of a special game, prize or other activity, to divulge more information than is needed to participate in the activity;
collect, use or disclose personally identifiable contact information without prior parental consent or parental notification, which will include an opportunity for the parent to prevent use of the information and participation in the activity. Without prior parental consent, on-line information will only be used to respond directly to the child’s request and will not be used for other purposes without prior parental consent. We collect on-line contact information from children only in connection with on-line contests and sweepstakes; our policy with respect to using this information is provided below in the “Promotions” section; or
enable children to publicly post or otherwise distribute personally identifiable contact information without prior parental consent.
Parents can always ask to review any Personal Information about their child that may have been collected at one of our sites, have us delete any such Personal Information, and/or instruct us not to collect or use such Personal Information about their child in the future. To do so, simply contact us following the procedure outlined below in the “How To Contact Us” section below.
As the Internet evolves, and the requirements of COPPA and PIPEDA and CARU guidelines change, Clover Leaf will endeavour to comply with these requirements and guidelines in a manner and in as timely a fashion as is technologically feasible in order to protect children and their privacy.
promotions
We periodically run contests, games and sweepstakes (“Promotions”) on our website or social media sites for which we ask users/participants to provide personal information (like their e-mail address). This information is used to administer the Promotions and contact the participant when necessary in accordance with the Promotions.
Our Promotions are only open to legal res. of Canada (18+ in AB, MN, SK, ON, QC and PEI; 19+ in BC, NB, NL, NT, NS, NU, and YK)  If a users/participant is a winner of a prize(s), they will be asked to complete and sign a release form which will ask for their name, address, telephone number, cellular phone number, email and age.
If a participant has indicated upon entering a contest or sweepstakes that he/she is under 13 years of age, the participant is instructed to enter the e-mail address of his/her parent or guardian. Further, for any game or contest where the screen names of the high scorers are posted, a user under 13 can only select a generic screen name from a list that has been developed in advance. This prevents the disclosure of any personally identifiable information.
When a user/participant under the age of majority is selected as a prize-winner in a contest or sweepstakes, an e-mail is sent to the parent or guardian. This e-mail contains a form that requests the participant’s real name and address and a parental permission form. For the participant to receive the prize, the parent or guardian must fill out and sign the form and then mail or fax it to the address or number indicated on the form.
Third Party Websites
Clover Leaf web sites may contain links to third party sites that are not governed by this Privacy Policy, such as our social media pages. We are not responsible for the websites or privacy practices employed by third parties. We suggest that you review the privacy statements of those sites.
intellectual property
Clover Leaf’s policy is to protect its own intellectual property, while respecting that of others. Intellectual property can include material protected by copyright, or a trademark.
If you believe in good faith that Clover Leaf has infringed on your rights protected by a copyright, trademark, you may file notice with our trademark department. Your notice must include:
Your full name,
Mailing address,
Email address,
Phone number,
Complete description of protected intellectual property,
Proof of intellectual property protection – for example, trademark number or other registration information,
Jurisdiction in which your intellectual property is protected,
Information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the protected intellectual property on the Clover Leaf website (for example, a URL),
A statement as to why you believe Clover Leaf infringed upon your protected intellectual property,
A statement under the penalty of perjury that you, as the owner of the intellectual property, did not authorize Clover Leaf the use the intellectual property, and
Your signature.
Please send your written notice to:
Connors Bros. Clover Leaf Seafoods Company
Trademark Department
80 Tiverton Court, Suite 600
Markham, ON
L3R 0G4  CANADA
Updates to this Privacy Policy
Please review our privacy policy from time to time as we may update or change it periodically without notice. The posted policy will always be the current policy with the effective date at the top.
How To Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, or if you wish to view, change, correct or have your information deleted, please Contact Us by clicking on this link and filling out the form or contact our Privacy Officer at PrivacyOfficer@cloverleaf.ca.
Final Note
Clover Leaf strives to provide a safe Internet environment for you and your children. While children and young adults are encouraged to play our games and explore the web sites, we remind them often that their parents will be notified if they give us their e-mail address and their parent’s written permission is required for them to be eligible to win prizes. We urge parents to spend time with their children on our web sites. Sit with them and share the experience. While Clover Leaf endeavours to ensure your child’s privacy and safety, informed parents are the best protectors of their children.
Clover Leaf® Newsletter Sign-UpSign-up for CLOVER LEAF® newsletters for recipes, promotions, product info and health & nutrition tips.
Sign-up
Printable Recipe EbooksChoose from the selections in the drop down below, and click Download.
Select
Clam Recipes
Crab Recipes
Entertainers Recipes
Flavoured Light Tuna Recipes
Gourmet White Tuna Recipes
Mussel Recipes
Oyster Recipes
Re-Invent Fast Food Recipes
Salmon Recipes
Sardine Recipes
Seafood Delectables Recipes
Shrimp Recipes
Take 5 Recipes
Tuna Recipes
Tuna Recipes
Company
Seafood School
News and Press Releases
Newsletters
Quality
Ebooks
Privacy Policy
Site Map
Terms of Use
© Copyrights 2020 The Clover Leaf Seafoods Family. All rights reserved.
Canned Tuna, Salmon & Other Seafood Products
© Droit d'auteur 2020, Les produits de la mer Clover Leaf. Tous droits réservés.