https://www.pmthink.com/privacy-policy/
Press "Enter" to skip to content
Privacy Policy
PmThink! Privacy Policy
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their ‘Personally Identifiable Information’ (PII) is being used online. PII, as described in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context.
Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT FROM THE PEOPLE THAT VISIT OUR BLOG, WEBSITE OR APP?
When registering on our site, you may be asked to enter your name, email address or other details to help you with your experience.
WHEN DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION?
We collect information from you when you
register on our site;
subscribe to a newsletter;
respond to a survey;
fill out a form or enter information on our site;
provide us with feedback on our products or services.
HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
To personalize your experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content in which you are most interested;
To improve our website in order to better serve you;
To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests;
To ask for ratings and reviews of services.
HOW DO WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION?
We do not use vulnerability scanning and/or scanning to PCI standards.
We only provide articles and information. We never ask for credit card numbers.
We do not use Malware Scanning.
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
In addition, all our webpages are encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
We implement a variety of security measures when a user enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.
DO WE USE ‘COOKIES’?
We use cookies to:
Help remember and process the items in the shopping cart;
Understand and save user’s preferences for future visits;
Keep track of advertisements;
Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since browser is a little different, look at your browser’s Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If you turn cookies off, some features will be disabled. that make your site experience more efficient and may not function properly.
THIRD-PARTY DISCLOSURE
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information.
THIRD-PARTY LINKS
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third-party products or services on our website. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
GOOGLE
We, along with third-party vendors such as Google use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions and other ad service functions as they relate to our website.
OPTING OUT:
Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative Opt Out page or by using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.
WE AGREE TO THE FOLLOWING:
Users can visit our site anonymously.
Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page or as a minimum, on the first significant page after entering our website.
Our Privacy Policy link includes the word ‘Privacy’ and can easily be found on the page specified above.
You will be notified of any Privacy Policy changes on our Privacy Policy Page.
You can change your personal information by logging in to your account.
HOW DOES OUR SITE HANDLE DO NOT TRACK SIGNALS?
We honor Do Not Track signals and Do Not Track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
DOES OUR SITE ALLOW THIRD-PARTY BEHAVIORAL TRACKING?
It’s also important to note that we do not allow third-party behavioral tracking.
COPPA (CHILDREN ONLINE PRIVACY PROTECTION ACT)
We do not market to children under the age of 13 years old.
CAN SPAM ACT
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
We collect your email address in order to:
• Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions
To be in accordance with CANSPAM, we agree to the following:
• Not use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.
• Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way.
• Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters.
• Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.
• Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.
• Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email.
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us at
• Follow the instructions at the bottom of each email.
and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.
CONTACTING US
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using our contact form.
Search for:
About PmThink! PmThink! is a Project Management Blog dedicated to professionals seeking to improve their skills in managing effectively and efficiently their projects.
Recent Posts
How to Establish Project Office Development Effectively ?
How to Effectively Implement Project Cost Estimation ?
How To Implement Process Realignment ?
A Guide To Effective Portfolio Governance
5 Ways For A Successful PMO Reinvention
ADVERTISEMENT
Categories
Portfolio Management
Project Management
Project Management Office
Strategic Planning