http://www.photoalto.com/privacy
Previous
Next
PhotoAlto Agency. A uniquely European tendency and style, coupled with the adoption of contemporary themes, avant-garde photographic styles and techniques, selective editing and unparalleled post-production expertise.
Privacy policy
We collect certain information about you to enable us to do business with you and improve our services.
This privacy policy informs you about our online collection and how we use information that identifies you
personally when you use this site.
By submitting your information to PHOTOALTO, (“PHOTOALTO”), you agree to the practices described below.
This website is operated in the United States, and the information collected from this site may be retained
indefinitely, and may be stored, accessed, and used in jurisdictions whose privacy laws may be different or less
protective than those of your home jurisdiction.
PhotoAlto may disclose this information to affiliates, subsidiaries, agents, third party content providers, and
necessary payment processors, whose privacy policies and practices may be different from those of PhotoAlto, and
for which PhotoAlto assumes no responsibility.
Information about our customers, including personal identifying information, may be disclosed as part of any
merger, sale of the PhotoAlto assets or acquisition as well as in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy or
receivership in which personal information would be transferred as one of the business assets of the PhotoAlto.
We reserve the right to disclose your personal information if required to do so by law, or in the good faith
belief that such action is reasonably necessary to comply with legal process, respond to claims, or protect the
rights, property or safety of our PhotoAlto, employees, customers, or the public. Other than as described above
PhotoAlto does not sell or rent information about its customers to third parties.
About cookies
When you visit PhotoAlto’s Web site, a text file called a cookie is placed in the browser directory of your
computer's hard drive.
A cookie is information that a website can store on your web browser and later retrieve.
The information that cookies collect includes the date and time of your visit, your registration information and
your navigational and licensing information.
It allows the web browser to recognize the pages you have been to when you are visiting the site, and allows you
to quickly return to viewed pages.
Cookies are not linked to you as an individual and cannot be used to track where you have been either before or
after you visit PhotoAlto’s site.
Most browsers allow you to decline cookies, but if you elect to do so, certain pages and user features such as
light boxes may not display properly.
You are free to delete cookies after your session, and your browser should contain instructions on how to do this.
Home
About
Terms and conditions
Privacy policy