https://www.jpshellfish.com/privacy-policy/
Like millions of other website owners, we use Google Analytics on jpshellfish.com. Google Analytics is a piece of software that grabs data about our visitors (you). It’s something like an advanced server log. What does Google Analytics record?
What website you came from to get here.
How long you stay for.
What kind of computer you’re using.
And quite a bit more.
What do we do with your data? The tracking information allows us to better understand the kind of people who come to this site and what content they’re reading. This allows us to make better decisions about design and writing. Occasionally, we will compile aggregate statistics about the number of visitors this site receives and browsers being used. No personally identifying data is included in this type of reporting. All of our activity falls within the bounds of the Google Analytics Terms of Service.
Want to opt out of tracking? You can opt out of Google’s advertising tracking cookie or use a browser plugin to opt out of all Google Analytics tracking software.
View the Fisheries Gallery
Testimonials“They were clean as a whistle right out of the bag, there wasn’t a broken one in the whole lot and they were probably the biggest and fullest mussels I’ve ever had. In the past I’ve eaten mussels from New Zealand and I thought they were good but yours are the best.”
– Herb J., 80 yrs. Old retired 31 years, N.Y. City Fire Marshal
Contact Us Please contact us for more information on this or any other J.P.'s Shellfish product or service.
E: info@jpshellfish.com
P: 207-439-6018
Oysters
New Brunswick
Beau Soleil Oysters
Caraquet Bay Oysters
Fire Lake Oysters
French Kiss Oysters
La St. Simon Oysters
Prince Edward Island
Blackberry Point Oysters
Cavendish Cup Oysters
Conway Cup Oysters
Cooke’s Cocktail Oysters
Daisy Bay Oysters
Deep Cove Oysters
Gooseberry Bay Oysters
Indian Creek Oysters
Irish Point Oysters
J’adore Oysters
Malpeque Oysters
Pickle Point Oysters
Salvation Cove Oysters
Maine
Belon (aka Flat) Oysters
Flying Point Oysters
Nautilus Island Oysters
North Haven Oysters
Pemaquid Point Oysters
Weskeag Oysters
Wiley Point Oysters
Massachusetts
Honeysuckle Farms Oysters
Katama Bay Oysters
Sweet Neck Farm Oysters
Wellfleet Oysters
Nova Scotia
Lady Chatterley Oysters
Rhode Island
Watch Hill Oysters
Connecticut
Blue Point Oysters
Mystic Oysters
Lobsters
Canadian Lobster
Maine Lobster
Clams
Hard Shell Clams
Island Made Steamers
Mahogany Clams
Razor Clams
Soft Shell Clams
Mussels
Frozen PEI Mussels
Johnny’s Blues Wild Maine Mussels
PEI Rope-Grown Blue Mussels
Swan’s Island Mussels
Nutrition
About
Environment
Facility
History
Shipping Information
Fisheries Gallery
Newsletter Archives
Contact