http://www.warmzone.com/radiant-resources/privacy-policy.php
Live chat by
BoldChat
Product Categories
Floor Heating
Systems
Snow Melting
Systems
Home Heat
Amenities
Radiant Heat Resources
Radiant Heat
Information
About
Heated Floors
About Heated
Driveways
Installation Overviews
Bid
Specifications / Docs
Pressroom
Professionals
Radiant Installers
Glossary
Site Directory
Radiant Heat
FAQs
Contact Warmzone
Request Quote
Contact Us
Shop
Now
Customer
Comments
About Us
Warmzone offers up-to-date information about top quality radiant floor heating and snow melting
solutions.
Warmzone provides professional system design and engineering services.
Warmzone directs you to products that will work best for your needs.
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment To PrivacyYour privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy,
we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your
information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at
every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
The Information We CollectThis notice applies to all
information collected or submitted on the Warmzone Management, LLC. website. On some pages you can order products,
make requests, and register to receive materials. The type of personal information collected at these
pages is:NameAddressEmail AddressPhone NumberCredit/Debit Card Information(etc.)
On some pages you can submit information about other people. For example, if you order a gift online and want it
sent directly to the recipient, you will need to submit the recipient's address. In this circumstance, the
type of personal information collected is:NameAddressPhone Number(etc.)How We Use Information
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order. We do
not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We use the information you provide about someone else when placing an order only to ship the product and
to confirm delivery. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary
to complete that order.We offer gift cards by which you can personalize a product you order for
another person. Information you provide to us to create a gift card is only used for that purpose, and
it is only disclosed to the person receiving the gift.We use return email addresses to answer the
email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
You can register with our website if you would like to receive our catalog as well as updates on our new
products and services. Information you submit on our website will not be used for this purpose unless you fill
out the registration form.We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website
and to share with advertisers. For example, we may tell an advertiser that X number of individuals visited a
certain area on our website, or that Y number of men and Z number of women filled out our registration form,
but we would not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals.Finally, we never
use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones
described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our Commitment To Data SecurityTo prevent unauthorized
access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate
physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Our Commitment To Children's PrivacyProtecting the
privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at
our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
How To Access Or Correct Your InformationYou can access
all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by contacting Warmzone
Management, LLC. We use this procedure to better safeguard your information.You can correct factual
errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error.
To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before
granting access or making corrections.How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call us at 888-488-9276
or send us an email using our online Contact Us form tool.
© 2018 Warmzone Media. All rights reserved. Various trademarks held by their respective owners.
Privacy Notice |
Terms and Conditions
Radiant Floor Heating,
Electric
Radiant Heat,
Radiant Heaters,
Portable Snow Melting,
Concrete Curing and Heating Systems
888.488.WARM
warmzone.com