http://www.scefcu.org/online-privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Skip to main content
Announcements Bar
Coronavirus Notification - orange
Get the latest updates on our response to COVID-19 here!
Informational Links/Language Switcher
Language switcher
EnglishEspañol
Leaderboard Navigation
Icon Menu
Contact Us
ATMs & Branches
800.866.6474
Search
Log In
Routing # 322280032
Navbar
Highlighted
Basic Elements - Banner
Basic Elements - Banner:Unpublished Preview
Main Content
Purpose
To effectively communicate SCE FCU’s policy regarding the privacy of the personal information of persons that visit scefcu.org.
Introduction
SCE Federal Credit Union (“SCE FCU”) understands the importance of protecting your privacy. Our goal is to maintain your trust and confidence when handling your personal information. We are committed to maintaining the confidentiality of your personal information consistent with state and federal laws. This Online Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes how SCE FCU collects, uses, shares, and protects information when you visit or use scefcu.org (“the Website”). By using the Website, you consent to the terms and conditions of this Policy, including your consent to our use and disclosure of information about you in the manner described in this Policy. The term “us,” “we” or “our” in this Policy refers to SCE Federal Credit Union.
Collecting, Using & Sharing Information
How We Collect Information
“Cookies” are pieces of information that are stored directly on your computer, smartphone or other internet access device. Browser cookies are assigned by a web server to the browser on your device. When you return to a website you have visited before, your browser gives this data back to the server. When you visit the Website, we may use cookies and information gathered through their use to personalize your experience with us based on the products, services and other interactions you have with us. Information gathered through the use of cookies may be used to make offers to you via online ads, email, US mail or telephone, subject to the privacy preferences you have on file with SCE FCU. Cookies we use do not contain or capture unencrypted personal information.
The browsers of most computers, smartphones and other internet access devices are set up to accept cookies. You can refuse to accept these cookies through your browser settings. You will need to manage your cookie settings for each device and browser you use. If you choose to reject cookies, you may not be able to use the full functionality of the Website. For example, if we are not able to recognize your device, you will need to answer a challenge question each time you log on. You also may not receive customized advertising or other offers from us that may be relevant to your interests and needs.
How We Respond to “Do Not Track” Signals
“Do Not Track” (“DNT”) refers to an HTTP header used by Internet web browsers to request that a web application disable its tracking or cross-site user tracking. When DNT is enabled, a user’s web browser adds a header to content requests indicating that the user does not want to be tracked. Applicable law requires us to disclose how we respond to web browser DNT signals. We do not respond to or take any action with respect to a DNT configuration set in your internet browser, and therefore, there is no reason to disable tracking related to SCE FCU’s online presence.
Personal Information We Collect
When you interact with us via our Website, we will not obtain personal information about you unless you choose to provide such information. Personal information that we may collect about you through online interaction includes information that you provide, such as your name, mailing address, email address and other contact information; data resulting from your activity, such as transaction information; and limited location information (for example, a zip code to help you find a nearby ATM).
We will retain your personal information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Other Information We Collect
In addition to the personal information described above, we also collect anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, region, preferences, interests, and favorites. We may also automatically collect information about your computer hardware, such as the IP address of the device you use to connect to the Website, the type of operating system and browser you use, search engine used, access times, referring website addresses, the parts of our Website you access, and the site you visit next.
Third Party Widgets
We may allow certain widgets (e.g., social share buttons) on our Website that allow users to easily share information on another platform, such as a social media platform. The third parties that own these widgets may have access to information about your browsing on pages of our Website where these widgets are placed. You may wish to review information at the third party sites, such as social media platforms where you have an account, to determine how these third parties collect and use such information.
How We Use Information
In addition to the uses described above, we use the information for purposes as allowed by law, such as:
To process applications and transactions;
To service your accounts with us;
To send you important information regarding the Website, changes to terms, conditions and/or policies;
To track Website usage, such as number of hits, pages visited, and the length of user sessions in order to evaluate the usefulness of our Website;
To verify your identity (such as when you access your account information);
To respond to your requests and to communicate with you;
To send you marketing communications that we believe may be of interest to you;
To allow you to participate in surveys, sweepstakes, contests and similar promotions;
For our business purposes, including data analysis, developing and improving our products and services, and enhancing our Website;
To resolve disputes and prevent and defend claims;
To protect our rights and property;
To comply with laws and regulations; and
To prevent fraud and enhance the security of our Website.
How We Share Your Information with Third Parties
If you are an SCE FCU member, we will use and share any information that we collect from or about you in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
SCE FCU may share the information we collect from and about you with service providers with whom we work, such as data processors and companies that help us market products and services to you. When permitted or required by law, we may share information with additional third parties for purposes including response to legal process. Where appropriate, we will limit sharing of your information in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
We do not partner with third parties for the purposes of engaging in online behavioral tracking, nor do we permit third parties to collect from the SCE FCU Website personally identifiable information about your online activities.
Children’s Online Information Privacy
Our website is not intended for children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect, maintain, or use personally identifiable information from our Website about children under the age of 13 without parental consent. For more information about the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), visit the Federal Trade Commission website.
Updating Your Personal Information
Keeping your account information up-to-date is important. You can access and/or update your personal information in connection with your account or application by logging on to your account online or by calling our Contact Center at 800.866.6474.
Security
Security measures have been implemented to improve Online Banking security. The login security uses a verification code to authenticate yourself via text message and/or a voice call to ensure that it's you trying to access your Online Banking accounts. The options on how to receive your verification codes are provided during the login security setup. Login Security allows us to recognize you as the true owner of your account by recognizing not only your login information but also your computer. If we don't recognize your computer, you will be requested to receive a new verification code.  This adds an additional layer of protection from fraud and identity theft by preventing unauthorized access to your secure financial information.
Linking to Other Websites
The SCE FCU Website may contain links to third party websites. Although these links were established to provide you with access to useful information, SCE FCU does not control and is not responsible for any of these websites or their contents. We do not know or control what information third-party websites may collect regarding your personal information. SCE FCU provides these links to you only as a convenience, and SCE FCU does not endorse or make any representations about using such third party websites or any information, software or other products or materials found there, or any results that may be obtained from using them. We encourage you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from the SCE FCU Website so that you can understand how those websites collect, use, and share your information. SCE FCU is not responsible for the security or privacy practices of the linked websites.
Updates to this Online Privacy Policy
From time to time, we may change this Policy. The effective date of this Policy, as indicated above, reflects the last time this Policy was revised. Any changes to this Policy will become effective when we post the revised Policy on our Website. Your use of the Website following these changes means that you accept the revised Policy.
Basic Elements - Legal Text
Sidebar Header
Revised Nov 2018
Open Account
join the credit union
Sidebar Text
ADA Compliance Info(mobile)
ADA Compliance, Info
If you’re using a screen reader or other auxiliary aid and having problems using this website, please call 800.866.6474 for assistance.