https://www.ramex.com/policy.asp
We will be happy to help you locate any
title. So please do not hesitate to
contact us even if the title you are looking for is not listed in our catalog.
•
Privacy Policy• 30 Day Money Back Guarantee/Return/Cancellation Policy• Purchase Order• Previews• Discounts• Multi-User Pricing• Quotes• Shipping• Delivery Estimates• Payment Methods• Status of Order• Technical Support• Catalog Request• NTSC/PAL Video Format•
All Prices Subject to Change/Pricing Errors
Privacy Policy
All information submitted as part of your order will remain strictly confidential. No personal information will be sold, traded, exchanged or otherwise disseminated to third parties for the purpose of advertising. Information you provide may be submitted to our publishers or suppliers's warehouses for the purpose of order fulfillment. Their use of the information we provide for order fulfillment is then governed by their individual privacy policies. RAmEx Ars Medica, Inc. may keep information you submitted as part of its normal record keeping (such as in our accounting system). You have a right to examine all your records we keep for this purpose. We value you as a customer and respect your right to privacy.
30 Day Money Back Guarantee/Returns/Cancellation Policy
30 Day Money Back Guarantee on most products, with exceptions as outlined below. If customer is not satisfied for any reason, customer must submit an RMA on this web site (see navigation menu at the bottom of the page). An email will be sent to you with RMA approval or rejection. If your RMA has been approved, print it out and strictly follow its direction. Customer must return product by a trackable, insured means, with a copy of the invoice and RMA authorization, to the returns address shown on the RMA authorization. The product cost, less shipping, will be refunded. Product must be returned in good condition to the correct address, and customer must have proof of delivery (UPS, FedEx, US Express Mail tracking number or Air Bill Manifest). Shipping costs will not be refunded. Allow 4 to 6 weeks for credit.
Customer must submit an RMA request via this web site to receive a returns authorization. Failure to secure an authorization will result in a rejection of the return.
Exception: Video tapes from publishers "NEVCO" and "Medcom", identified by "NE" or "MC" in the Shopping Cart, are non-returnable. Some other video orders are non-returnable on an individual order basis, and we will send you an email notifying you of this, and you must reply in agreement, or the order will be cancelled. There is a 20% restocking fee on the return of all returnable video tapes.
Exception: Downloaded products are non-returnable.
Cancellation: Orders must be cancelled within 24 hours, or before shipment has been committed. If cancellation occurs after shipment, customer is responsible for both sending and return shipping charges.
Purchase Orders
We accept formal purchase orders from institutions and the government in the US and Canada. (We will ship and invoice customer.) Fax all purchase orders to 1 310 826 9674, or mail to the correspondence address shown on this web site's contact page. Call us if you require a Tax ID. Please indicate an email address on your purchase order, so we may send an order acknowledgement, and for notification of tracking number and carrier on shipment. Government customers may record RAmEx Ars Medica as a small, minority and disadvantaged business.
Previews
The video preview program has been discontiued. Videos may be purchased and returned within 30 days, but there is a 20% restocking fee and other restrictions, as cited above under "Returns Policy."
Discount
We allow discount for volume purchases. Contact a sales representative at 1 310 826 4964, or email us.
Multi-User Pricing
We offer multi-user pricing on many software titles. Call a sales representative at 1 310 826 4964, or email us.
Quotes
A quote, or Pro-Forma Invoice, will be faxed to customer on request. Contact a sales representative at 1 310 826 4964, or email us (International customers may be especially interested in obtaining a quote.)
Shipping
Domestic: US Mail or courier FedEx/UPS Ground (5 to 10 business days), $10 for about 1 to 2 pounds (1 Kg). We do not insure or guarantee US Mail; loss or theft is borne by recipient.Domestic: courier FedEx/UPS Air Express (2 to 4 business days), $20 for about 1 to 2 pounds (1 Kg). Guaranteed and insured against loss or theft. International, Alaska and Hawai'i customers may ship only by courier. Cost depends on destination and weight, but is usually about $40 for the first pound (0.5 Kg). Shipping costs for higher weights and special handling must be quoted by a representative at 1 310 826 4964, or email us. We ship everywhere in the world, expect Iran, North Korea, Syria and Cuba.We can ship on customer's FedEx or UPS account number.
We can ship to APO/FPO addresses for members of the US military.
Delivery Estimate
In-Stock Items: 1 to 2 business days.Out-of-Stock Items: 5 to 10 business days.Call sales representative at 1 800 633 9281 for stock availability, or email us.
Payment Methods
All prices shown on this web site are in US dollars. We accept Visa, MasterCard, Discover, American Express and Diner's Club from domestic and international customers. However, at our discretion, there may be a 5% payment surcharge for credit card acceptance. You will be notified and asked for approval of surcharge. If you refuse the surcharge, you may pay by check or wire transfer. We accept personal checks, money orders, postal checks, cashiers checks and traveler's checks mailed to the correspondence address shown on the "Contact" page. All international customers paying by check must pay in US dollars drawn on a US bank. We accept bank wire transfers. Please call customer service at +1 310 826 4964 for wire transfer details and instructions.
Status of Order
Please have your order number ready, and inquire on the status of your order via this web site by visiting our "Order Status" page. Or, call customer service at 1 800 633 9281, or email us.
Technical Support
Customer can get technical support contact information from the manual that came with their product. If this is unavailable, call 1 310 826 4964, or email us, and you will be directed to the appropriate publisher.
Catalog Requests
We do not have paper catalogs; however, we can create an Excel spreadsheet of titles for your review. Provide us with what kinds of titles you are interested in (specialty, media type, specific titles or authors or publisher, or a list of ISBN numbers). Please call or email us with this information. We will then search our database and extract data and email you an Excel file. The Excel file will have embedded URL that points to our online catalog, so you can click through to receive full title information.
What are NTSC and PAL?
These are video formats corresponding to the type of television standard being used in a particluar country. NTSC is used in the Americas, PAL in Europe and Asia. If you are in the United States, order the NTSC version.
All Prices Subject to Change/Pricing Errors
All prices are subject to change, even after order has been submitted to us. If pricing has changed, we will contact you and obtain authorization before proceeding with the order. Errors/ommissions in pricing will be corrected during order fulfillment, and you will be contacted regarding any discrepancy. We will not honor prices shown in error.
• RAmEx Ars Medica's General Information
RAmEx Ars Medica, Inc. | 1714 S. Westgate Av. #2 | Los Angeles, California 90025-3852 | USAInternational: 1 310 826 4964 | In the USA: 1 800 633 9281 | Fax: 1 310 826 9674email ramex.com
KeywordTitleAuthorISBNISSNNumber
Advanced SearchSearch By PublisherSearch By SpecialtySearch By MediaSearch By Title
Your Cart is Empty
Home |
About |
Help |
Contact |
Policy |
Shopping Cart |
Order Status
Advanced Search |
Publishers |
Specialties |
Media |
Title |
RMA |
Site Map
© 2017 RAmEx Ars Medica, Inc.
RAmEx Ars Medica, Inc. is a distributor of Scientific Technical Engineering Medical Reference Books Software Videos Online Courses Computers Medical Supplies ramex.com SALE DISCOUNT LOWEST PRICE CLEARANCE
RAmEx Ars Medica, Inc. is a distributor of Scientific Technical Engineering Medical Reference Books Software Videos Online Courses Computers Medical Supplies ramex.com SALE DISCOUNT LOWEST PRICE CLEARANCE