http://www.mazenails.com/privacy
Home / Privacy Policy
Maze Nails - Privacy Policy
MAZE NAILS, a division of W.H. Maze Company, places a high priority on protecting your privacy. This privacy policy was created in order to demonstrate Maze Nails' firm commitment to the privacy of our website users. This policy explains what types of information is collected by this website and how this information is used.
What This Privacy Policy Covers
This Privacy Policy covers our treatment of information we collect when you use any website provided by Maze Nails. This Policy does not describe information collection policies on websites not provided by Maze Nails, including those linked to or from any Maze Nails website. It also does not cover information you may choose to share with other users of any Maze Nails website. Your use of any linked website is solely at your own risk.
What Personally Identifiable Information is Collected
Maze Nails does not collect any personally identifiable information about you other than that which you affirmatively choose to submit to us, such as your e-mail address, postal address and name.
From time to time, we automatically collect certain non-personally identifiable information when you visit the website, such as the IP address of your computer, the time and date of your visit, the pages that you access, and the number of times you return to the website. This information is not used to identify you, but is used in the aggregate for Maze Nails internal marketing and similar purposes. This process may involve the automatic placement of a small, removable text file (commonly referred to as a "cookie") on your computer's hard drive. We also use cookies to keep records, store your preferences, improve our advertising and collect information based upon your past visits to our website. Information from cookies also tells us about the website you were visiting before you came to our site and the website you visit after you leave our site. Such information is used to generate ads by us or third party vendors based upon your past visits to our site.
How Your Information May Be Used
We use your personal information to provide you with personalized service; to send e-mail alerts to you; to answer your requests; to fulfill orders, to deliver packages, etc. We may also use your non-personal information to track visitors of our website and to operate, maintain and improve the website and our services. This lets us see which of our features are the most popular so we can better serve our users' needs. It also lets us provide aggregate data about our traffic (not identifying you personally, but showing how many visitors used which features, for example) to outside parties.
Your Choices and Right to Opt Out
You may notify us of any changes in your personal information, or request that such information be removed from our records by e-mail to Mazenails.com/customer-service/contact. Please be aware, however, that if you choose to have your personally identifiable information removed from our records, you will no longer be able to receive certain updated information from us, or participate in various functions of our website. We may disclose information about you to third parties if we have a good-faith belief that we are required to do so by law or legal process, to respond to claims, or to protect the rights, property or safety of Maze Nails or others.
You may set your browser to block all cookies, including cookies associated with our services, or to indicate when a cookie is being sent by us. However, it's important to remember that many of our services may not function properly if your cookies are disabled.
You may manage how your browser handles cookies by adjusting its privacy and security settings. Browsers are different, so refer to instructions related to your browser to learn about cookie-related and other privacy and security settings that may be available. You can opt-out of being targeted by certain Third-Party Ad-Servers, such as Google and other third parties that provide the technology to place ads on websites and track ad performance, online using the National Advertising Initiative's Opt-Out Tool, or on TRUSTe's site.
Children's Issues
Maze Nails' website is not directed to children under 13 years of age. If you are younger than 13 years of age, you must get permission from your Mother or Father or legal guardian before you enter your name or any information about yourself on this Website. Do not enter your name, e-mail address, telephone number or any other information that might help identify you or your family or where you live, whether in response to a form, in a chat room or on a bulletin board.
Email Privacy
Maze Nails does not provide, sell, or rent email addresses to anyone outside the organization.
Modifications
We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time; please review it periodically. We maintain the option to modify this Privacy Policy at any time by electronic notice posted on our website. Your continued use of our website after the date that such notices are posted will be deemed to be your agreement to the changed terms.
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy or practices, we'll do our best to answer them. Here's how to contact us:
Phone: 815-223-8290
E-mail: Mazenails.com/customer-service/contact
Last Updated: May 18, 2015
Made in the USA
A good color match on all your projects
How many nails will I need?
See Maze Nails news on ABC World News
Nail Finder
Products
Roofing
Asphalt Roofing
Cedar Shake Shingles
Cedar Shingles
Metal Roofing
Ridge Vent
Roof Deck
Roof Flashing
Roofing Felt
Slate Shingles
Siding
Beveled Siding
Cedar Shake Siding
Channel/Tongue & Groove Siding
Engineered Wood Siding
Fiber Cement Siding
Lapboard Siding
Metal Siding
Plywood
Vinyl Siding
Trim
Casing
Exterior Garage Door Jamb Seal
Exterior PVC Trim
Exterior Soffit/Fascia
Exterior Wood Trim
Fiber Cement Trim
Interior Trim
Poly-Ash Trim
Decking
PVC/Composite Decking
Treated Decking
Wood Decking
Gutters
Downspout Straps
Gutter Hangers
Gutter Spikes
Spikes
Bridge
Landscaping
Log Home
Fencing
Fencing Nails
Fencing Staples
Post Frame/Pole Barn
Other Specialty Nails
Backerboard
Cut Nails
Flooring/Underlayment
Foam Insulation
Foundry
Framing
House Wrap
Joist Hangers/Connectors
Masonry
Pallets
Treated Lumber
Custom Nails
More Product Information
Where to Buy
Find a Dealer
Find a Sales Rep
Resources
About Us
Maze Nails
Who Is Maze
Company History
Maze News
Maze Nails on the News
Tradeshows
Registered Trademarks
Customer Service /
Cart /
Email the President