https://www.buildingstars.com/privacy-policy/
Click to Call
Why Buildingstars?
Industry Expertise
Services
Comprehensive
Green Cleaning
Healthy Building
Blog
Contact
Menu
Click to Call
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
We understand the importance of maintaining the confidentiality and security of your information and seek to secure your privacy during your visit to our website.
The following privacy policy discloses our policies for information gathering and dissemination for Buildingstars Commercial Cleaning web site, https://buildingstars.com/.
WHAT INFORMATION IS COLLECTED
A limited amount of contact information from visitors through one contact form. The form is entirely voluntary and only asks for very limited information, including name, phone number, email, how you heard about us.
The information we collect automatically is statistical data, and does not identify any individual. It helps us to improve our Site and Services and to deliver better and more personalized future services by enabling us to things such as:
Estimate our audience size and usage patterns.
Store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our Sites according to your individual interests.
Speed up your searches.
Recognize you when you return to our Site.
Provide better services in the future.
The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include:
Web Beacons: Pages of our Sites may contain small electronic files known as pixels that permit us, for example, to count users who have visited those pages and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
Cookies (or browser cookies): A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Sites. Users may opt out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page.
Ad Data: This is data about the online ads we have served (or attempted to serve) you. It includes how many times an ad has been served, what page the ad appeared on, and whether you clicked on or otherwise interacted with the ad.
IP ADDRESSES
An IP address is a number assigned to your computer when you connect to the Internet. As part of the protocol of the Internet, web servers can identify your computer by its IP address. In addition, web servers may be able to identify the type of browser you are using or even the type of computer.
Buildingstars Commercial Cleaning collects IP addresses and related information for the purposes of system administration, to assess the traffic to our site. We do not link IP addresses to your personally identifiable information.
SOCIAL MEDIA PLATFORMS
Websites and User-Generated Content.  Any information, communications, or material of any type or nature that you submit to our website (including, but not limited to, any of our pages contained on a social media platform or website such as Facebook or LinkedIn, as well as any content you generate such as pictures or reviews) by e-mail, posting, messaging, uploading, downloading, or otherwise (collectively, a “Submission”), is done at your own risk and without any expectation of privacy.  We cannot control the actions of other users of any social media platform or website and we are therefore not responsible for any content or Submissions contained on such sites and platforms. By visiting any of websites or our pages that are contained on a social media platform or website, you are representing and warranting to us that you have reviewed the applicable privacy policy and terms of use of such platform or website and that you will abide by all such provisions contained therein.
WHAT HAPPENS TO THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We will not sell or share collected information with anyone. The information collected through the contact form is used only to answer inquiries.
WHAT KIND OF SECURITY IS USED TO PROTECT MY INFORMATION
We store all user information in secure databases protected via a variety of access controls. This data is accessed only for the purposes specified in this privacy statement.
Request a quote.
See the Buildingstars difference.
Learn about how Buildingstars helps keep your office safe during COVID-19
Read More