https://www.rtn.org/privacy-policy/
For the safety of members and staff, transactions that require the assistance of a member services representative are by appointment only. No appointment is necessary for transactions conducted with a teller. Schedule an appointment here.
Home > Privacy Policy
WHAT DOES RTN FEDERAL CREDIT UNION DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Effective April 1, 2020
Download a Printable Version of our Privacy Policy
Facts
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives members the right to limit some, but not all, sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of information we collect and share depend upon the products and/or services you have with us.
This information can include:
Social Security number and payment history
Transaction and loss history and overdraft history
Checking account information and wire transfer instructions
When you are no longer our member, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
How?
All financial companies need to share members’ personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their members’ personal information; the reasons RTN Federal Credit Union chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does RTN Federal Credit Union share?
Can you limit this sharing?
For our everyday business purposes—such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes—to offer our products and services to you
Yes
No
For joint marketing with other financial companies
Yes
Yes
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes—information about your transactions and experiences
Yes
No
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes—information about your creditworthiness
Yes
Yes
For our affiliates to market to you
Yes
Yes
For non-affiliates to market to you
Yes
Yes
To limit our sharing
Fill out and mail our Member Response Form or call Member Services at 781-736-9900.
Please note: If you are a new member, we can begin sharing your information 30 days from the date we sent you this notice. When you are no longer our member, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
However, you can contact us at any time to limit our sharing.
Questions?
Call 781-736-9900 or go to rtn.org
Who We Are
Who is providing this notice
RTN Federal Credit Union
600 Main Street
Waltham, Massachusetts 02452
What We Do
How does RTN Federal Credit Union protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.
How does RTN Federal Credit Union collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you
open an account and/or apply for a loan
make a wire transfer
give us your income information and show us your government-issued ID
We also collect information from others, such as credit bureaus, affiliates and other companies.
Why can’t I limit sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only
sharing for affiliates’ everyday business purposes — information about your creditworthiness
affiliates from using your information to market to you
sharing for non-affiliates to market to you
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing.
What happens when I limit sharing for an account I hold jointly with someone else?
Your choices will apply to everyone on the account.
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
Our three affiliates are RTN Financial & Retirement Group, RTN Insurance Agency LLC and RTN Realty Advisors, LLC
Non-affiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
Non-affiliates we share with can include insurance companies, mortgage companies and direct marketing companies
Joint marketing
A formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
Our joint marketing partners include insurance companies
Online Banking
To access Online Banking,please submit yourusername and password.
User Name
Password
First-time user? Enroll now.
Browser Requirements
CLOSE