http://www.wheatland.com/privacy-policy/
Search
Privacy Policy
Please note that the practices of Wheatland Tube with respect to any data collected and used in connection with this website (hereafter referred as the “Site”), are governed by this online Privacy Policy as amended from time to time, and not the Privacy Policy in effect at the time the data was collected. Please regularly review our Privacy Policy. If you have objections to the Privacy Policy, you should immediately discontinue use of the Site and the products and services enabled by the Site.
The Site and the products and services are intended for adult audiences, and Wheatland Tube does not knowingly collect any personal information from anyone under 13 years of age.
As a visitor to this Site, you can engage in many activities without providing any personal information.
Wheatland Tube may collect information about the use of the products and services and the Site, such as the number of downloads, types of services used, how many users we receive daily, and the IP/Internet address of your computer. This information is collected in aggregate form, without identifying any user individually. Wheatland Tube may use this aggregate, non-identifying statistical data for improving the Site, improving the products and services, providing more relevant experiences to our visitors, and for statistical analysis.
Protection of your Personal Information
The personal information that you may provide in connection with registering yourself as a user of this Site or of the products and services is classified as Registration Information. Registration Information is not necessary to access many parts of this Site. A password may be required for any Customer, Members-Only or Company-provided applications or information.
Privacy Complaints
Wheatland Tube takes its users’ privacy concerns seriously. If you believe that Wheatland Tube has not complied with this Privacy Policy with respect to your Personal Information, you may write to the following address:
Attn: IT Director
Wheatland Tube
700 South Dock Street
Sharon, PA 16146
In your letter, please describe in as much detail as possible the ways in which you believe that the Privacy Policy has not been complied with. We will investigate your complaint promptly.
Also, please note that Wheatland Tube is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of non-Wheatland Tube websites to which this Site or any other Wheatland Tube website may link. You should review the privacy policy of such sites before using the sites.