http://www.imsbarter.com/company-info/terms-of-use
Serving Business Communities for over 35 years
Editor's Choice
Franchise
Corporate
Join Now
Sign In
Contact
Home
Save Cash
Attract New Customers
Increase Sales
Learn More
See How IMS Works
Save cash
Shop with Trade
Attract New Customers
Sales and Marketing Team
Increase Sales on Trade
Everyday Selling Price
What are Trade Dollars?
Online IMS Account
Join IMS Barter
About IMS Barter
Affiliations
More Information
IMS in the News
IMS Barter Million Dollar Club
Increase Purchasing Power
Expand Market Penetration
Develop Distribution Channels
IMS Million Dollar Club
Try It
Member Directory
Marketplace
Travel
Terms of Use
Welcome to International Monetary Systems (“IMS”). By using this web site, you are agreeing to comply with the following Terms of Use, which may be updated from time to time without notice to you.
1. Description of Service
IMS is providing this web site (“Service”) to enable our members to effectively manage their accounts. From the site, members can view their account information, including trade and cash balances, trade activity, and monthly statements. Members will also be able to process authorizations, view the membership directory, print travel request forms and place classified ads.
Visitors to the site who are not IMS members can get information about IMS, view a sample of the IMS membership directory and classified ads, as well as complete a registration form to open an IMS trade account.
2. Your Registration Obligations
In consideration of your use of this Service, you represent that you are of legal age to form a binding contract and are not a person barred from receiving services under the laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdiction. You also agree to: (a) provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by the Service’s registration form (such information being the "Registration Data") and (b) maintain and promptly update the Registration Data to keep it true, accurate, current and complete. If you provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, or IMS has reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, IMS has the right to suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future use of the Service (or any portion thereof).
3. IMS Privacy Policy
Registration Data and certain other information about you is subject to our Privacy Policy. For more information, see our full privacy policy at https://www.imsbarter.com/privacy-policy.
4. Member Account, Password And Security
Your PIN is your password to the Service. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your PIN and are fully responsible for all activities that occur on your account. You agree to (a) immediately notify IMS of any unauthorized use of your account or any other breach of security, and (b) ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session. IMS cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with this Section.
5. Indemnity
You agree to indemnify and hold IMS, and its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents, and employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of your use of the Service, your connection to the Service, your violation of the Terms of Use, or your violation of any rights of another.
6. Modifications To Service
IMS reserves the right at any time and from time to time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Service (or any part thereof) with or without notice. You agree that IMS shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the Service.
7. Termination
You agree that IMS may, under certain circumstances and without prior notice, immediately terminate your IMS account and access to the Service. Cause for such termination shall include, but not be limited to, (a) breaches or violations of IMS’ Trade Rules and Regulations, (b) breaches or violations of the Terms of Use or other policies relating to the Service, (c) requests by law enforcement or other government agencies, (d) a request by you (self-initiated account deletions), (e) discontinuance or material modification to the site (or any part thereof), and (f) unexpected technical or security issues or problems. Termination of your IMS account includes removal of access to all offerings within the Service, and barring further use of the Service. Further, you agree that all terminations for cause shall be made in IMS' sole discretion and that IMS shall not be liable to you or any third-party for any termination of your account or access to the Service.
8. Dealings With Members
Your correspondence or business dealings with, or participation in promotions of other members found on or through the Service, including payment and delivery of related goods or services, and any other terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings, are solely between you and such member. You agree that IMS shall not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of any such dealings or as the result of the presence of such members on the Service.
9. Links
The Service may provide links to other web sites or resources. Because IMS has no control over such sites and resources, you acknowledge and agree that IMS is not responsible for the availability of such external sites or resources, and does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for any Content, advertising, products, or other materials on or available from such sites or resources. You further acknowledge and agree that IMS shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such site or resource.
10. IMS' Proprietary Rights
You acknowledge and agree that the Service contains proprietary and confidential information that is protected by applicable intellectual property and other laws. Except as expressly authorized by IMS or advertisers, you agree not to modify, rent, lease, loan, sell, distribute or create derivative works based on the Service in whole or in part.
Do not "harvest" (or collect) information from the site using an automated software tool or manually on a mass basis. This includes, for example, information about other members of IMS and information about the offerings, products, services and promotions available on the site.
If you create an account on the IMS website, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your username and password information, and for restricting access to your computer. You agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your member identification and password. Allowing third parties to use your username and password to access the IMS website may result in your account being terminated.
You are responsible for all activity occurring when this site is accessed through your account, whether authorized by you or not. We are not liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to protect your username or password. You agree to immediately notify us of any unauthorized use of your username or password or any other breach of security related to your account, your username or this website.
You agree to use the site only for lawful purposes. You agree not to take any action that might compromise the security of the site, render the site inaccessible to others or otherwise cause damage to the site or the content. You agree not to use the site in any manner that might interfere with the rights of third parties.
11. Disclaimer Of Warranties
You expressly understand and agree that: your use of the service is at your sole risk. The service is provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. IMS expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. IMS makes no warranty that (i) the service will meet your requirements, (ii) the service will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free, (iii) the results that may be obtained from the use of the service will be accurate or reliable, and (iv) the quality of any products, services, information, or other material purchased or obtained by you through the service will meet your expectations. No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained by you from IMS or through or from the service shall create any warranty not expressly stated in the terms of use.
12. Limitation Of Liability
You expressly understand and agree that IMS shall not be liable to you for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential or exemplary damages, including but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, goodwill, use, data or other intangible losses (even if ims has been advised of the possibility of such damages), resulting from: (i) the use or the inability to use the service; (ii) the cost of procurement of substitute goods and services resulting from any goods or services purchased or obtained or transactions entered into through or from the site; (iii) unauthorized access to or alteration of your transmissions or data; (iv) statements or conduct of any third party on the service; or (v) any other matter relating to the service.
13. No Third Party Beneficiaries
You agree that, except as otherwise expressly provided in this Terms of Use, there shall be no third party beneficiaries to this Agreement.
14. Notice
IMS may provide you with notices, including those regarding changes to the Terms of Use, by email, regular mail, or postings on the Service.
15. General Information
Choice of Law and Forum. The Terms of Use and the relationship between you and IMS shall be governed by the laws of the State of Wisconsin without regard to its conflict of law provisions. You and IMS agree to submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located within the county of Waukesha, State of Wisconsin.
Waiver and Severability of Terms. The failure of IMS to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the Terms of Use shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. If any provision of the Terms of Use is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties' intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions of the Terms of use remain in full force and effect.
Statute of Limitations. You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to use of the Service or the Terms of Use must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred.
The section titles in the Terms of Use are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect.
16. Violations
Any breach of security or other violations of the Terms of Use should immediately be reported to IMS at:
International Monetary Systems, LTD
New Berlin, WI 53151
(262) 780-3640
Effective Date: November 23, 2020.