https://www.julesandassociates.com/privacy-policy-california-privacy-rights/
Privacy Policy / Your California Privacy Rights
JAA Privacy Policy for www.julesandassociates.comJules and Associates, Inc. (“JAA” or “we” or “us”) has created this privacy policy (this “Privacy Policy”) in order to demonstrate its commitment to user, visitor and customer privacy with regard to the JAA web site atwww.julesandassociates.com (the “Website”). Privacy on the Website is of great importance to us. Because we gather important information from our users, visitors and customers (collectively “Customers” or “you” or “your”), we have established this Privacy Policy as a means to communicate our information gathering and dissemination practices. By accessing this Website, you acknowledge and agree to this Privacy Policy and also agree to the Terms of Use of the Website located at www.julesandassociates.com.Your Privacy Rights/ California’s Shine the Light Law.Pursuant to Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code, residents of California have the right to request from a business, with whom the California resident has an established business relationship, certain information with respect to the types of personal information the business shares with third parties for direct marketing purposes by such third party and the identities of the third parties with whom the business has shared such information during the immediately preceding calendar year.To request a copy of the information disclosure provided by JAA pursuant to Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code, please contact JAA. or email at info@julesandassociates.comInformation We CollectWe require Customers who register to use the services offered on our Website (collectively, the “Service”) to give us contact information, which may include but is not limited to the Customer’s name, company name, address, phone number, email address, cookies, IP logs, billing information, billing name and address, credit card number, and other information (collectively “Personal Information”). Besides the Personal Information, we may also collect other information regarding your use of the Website. From time to time, we may also collect or ask for additional Personal Information, which will also be expressly included herein as Personal Information. You can opt out of providing this additional information by not entering it when asked or not using the Website, although not providing it may hinder your ability to use the Website.We use the information that we collect to provide and maintain the Website as we deem appropriate in our sole discretion. We may also use the information to contact you to further discuss interest in our company, the services that we provide, and to send information regarding our company or partners, such as promotions and events. You may be invited to receive an email newsletter or other correspondence by providing an email address. Your email address and any Personal Information will not be distributed or shared with third parties unless it is to transact such business as you have requested us to do, to comply with any legal processes and/or law enforcement requests, or in order to conduct any business as we, in our sole subjective discretion, deem reasonable. We may also email (or send via other methods) information regarding updates to the Website or JAA, and may send a customer newsletter, or other correspondence. You will have an opportunity to unsubscribe to any emails or mailings by clicking on an “unsubscribe” hyperlink contained in promotional emails we send you, or by e-mailing us at our Customer Service Department. Except as we explicitly state at the time we request information, or as provided for herein or in the JAA Terms of Use Agreement, we do not disclose to third parties the information provided.JAA may also collect certain information from visitors to, and users of, the Website, such as Internet addresses. This information is logged to help diagnose technical problems, and to administer our Website in order to constantly improve the quality of the Service. We may also track and analyze non-identifying and aggregate usage and volume statistical information from you and provide such information to third parties.JAA does not wish to collect any Personal Information (or any information at all) from any persons under 14 years old. If you are under 14 years old, you may not use the Website.Third Party WebsitesThe Website contains links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these other websites. You will need to check the policy statement of these others websites to understand their policies. When you access a linked site you may be disclosing private information. It is your responsibility to keep such information private and confidential.CookiesWhen you view our Websites, we may store some information on your computer’s hard drive. This information will be in the form of a “Cookie.” Most web browsers automatically accept Cookies, but you can change your browser to prevent that. Without accepting a Cookie, you can browse through our site, but you may not be able to use all site functions.Additional InformationThis Policy is part of the Terms of Use of the Website and any use of the Website is governed by those Terms of Use. Questions regarding this Policy or the practices of the Website should be directed to JAA’s Administrator by emailing such questions to Customer Service Department.  or by certified mail addressed to 515 S. Figueroa Street, Suite 1900, Los Angeles, California 90071.Updates to our Privacy PolicyIf we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will post a notice on this Website notifying users of the changes. In some cases, we also may send an email notifying users of the changes. You should check this Website periodically to see if any recent changes to this Privacy Policy have occurred.If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, you should contact our Customer Service Department.