http://www.panelwarehouse.com/privacy-policy-i4
Privacy Policy
This site uses cookies to provide and improve your shopping experience. By continuing to use this site, you agree to accept these cookies.For more information, please see our Cookies Page
More Info
Ok
Search
WishlistGBP (£)
EUR (€)
USD ($)
GBP (£)
Currency
EUR (€)USD ($)GBP (£)
For Sales & Advice Call:
0161 609 0262
0
Search
Go
My Basket
(0)
My Basket
Basket Summary (0)
View Full Basket
Wishlist
My Account
Office Screens & Partitions
Office Screens
Social Distancing Screens
Office Screens Next Day Delivery
Standard Office Screens
Easy Clean Anti-bacterial Screens
Economy Office Screens
Office Screen Value Packs
Mobile Office Screens
Concertina Screens
Glazed Office Screens
Desk Top Office Screens
Premium Range Office Screens
Office Partitions
Mobile Folding Room Dividers
Free Standing Office Partitions
Next Day Delivery Office Partitions
Office Partition Value Packs
Desk Mounted Partitions
Free Standing Glazed Office Partitions
Budget Office Partitions
Display & Noticeboards
Display Boards
Folding Display Boards
Jumbo Display Stands and Boards
Desktop Display Stands and Boards
Next Day Display Stands and Boards
Panel & Pole Display Stands and Boards
Display Boards Best Sellers
Value Pack Display Boards
Trestle Tables
Dry Wipe Boards
Wall Mounted Dry Wipe Boards
Mobile Dry Wipe Boards and Flip Charts
Combination Dry Wipe Boards
Dry Wipe Board Accessories
Display Stand Accessories
Literature Display Stands & ipad Holders
Display Stand Carry Bags and Cases
Folding Trestle Tables
Tablecloths for Events
Spotlights
Hook and Loop Display Fastenings
Noticeboards
Notice Boards and Pin Boards
Tamperproof Notice Boards
Mobile Notice Boards and Flip Charts
Combination Notice Boards
Outdoor Notice Boards
Poster Frames & A Boards
Wall Mounted
Freestanding
School Furniture
Classroom Furniture
Classroom Chairs and Seating
Classroom Desks and Tables
Portable Staging
School Office and Staff Room
Soft Play and Sensory
Creative Play
Canteen Furniture
In Demand Range
Classroom Storage
Lockers
Classroom Tray Storage
Book Storage
Art Storage
Storage Trolleys
Cloakroom Storage
Display and Presentation
Noticeboards
Dry Wipe Boards
School Display Boards
Screens
Leaflet Holders
Easels and Mobile Noticeboards
School Office and Facilities
Noticeboards
Reception Seating
Litter Bins
Office Partition Screens
Exhibitions and Display
Office and Staff Room Furniture
Outdoor and Playground
Outdoor Play
Trikes, Bikes and Ride-Ons
PE Equipment
Outdoor Clothes, Bibs & Kit
Outdoor Games and Play
Outdoor Learning
Furniture & Storage
Furniture & Storage
Chairs and Seating
Workplace Facilities
Desks and Tables
Lockers
Meeting and Conference Equipment
Storage
Canteen and Bistro Furniture
Social Distancing Screens
Wipeable Room Dividers
Anti-Bacterial Partition Screens
Perspex Protective Screens
Barrier Queuing Systems
Hand Sanitiser Stations
Snap Front Poster Frames
A Boards
Signage
Plastic Storage Tray
Inc. VAT Ex. VAT
WE ARE OPEN & TAKING ORDERS
Find Out More ›
Covid-19-
IMPORTANT DELIVERY INFORMATION - CLICK TO FIND OUT MORE
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicyThis privacy policy sets out how Panelwarehouse.com uses and protects any information that you give Panelwarehouse.com when you use this website.Panelwarehouse.com is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.Panelwarehouse.com may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 5th December 2011 and is updated on a regular basis, the most recent update will take effect from the 25th May 2018.What we collect and whyWe may collect the following information:• name and job title• contact information including email address• demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests• other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offersWhat we do with the information we gatherWe require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:• To process an order you/your organisation have made with us• We may disclose information about you to our partners such as couriers and payment processors in order to deliver goods and services to you• To action a request for product information or a quotation• We may disclose information about you for the purposes of prevention of fraud or other crime • Internal record keeping.• We may use the information to improve our products and services.• We may periodically send promotional newsletters about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address you have provided. You can opt out from newsletters at any time by clicking the Unsubscribe link at the bottom of the newsletter.• From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes or to discuss product related matters. We may contact you by email, phone or post. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests. You can request that we do not contact you in any of the ways detailed by sending an email to marketing@panelwarehouse.com or by ringing 0161 609 0262 and speaking to a Customer Services Advisor. Your request will be actioned immediatelyYou may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:• whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes• if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at marketing@panelwarehouse.comWe will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen, you can also opt out of this at any time by clicking unsubscribe at the bottom of the promotional newsletter or by sending an email to marketing@panelwarehouse.comYou may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998.  If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to:Panelwarehouse.com, Barton Hall, Hardy Street, Eccles, Manchester M30 7NN. Inaccuracies & CorrectionsIf you believe that any information we are holding about you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.  Your right to be forgottenYou can request at any time that we remove your contact details from our database. Please contact us on 0161 609 0262 to do this.SecurityWe are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect on-line.How we use cookiesA cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.Links to other websitesOur website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Sign Up For All The Latest News, Products And Special Offers
Follow UsFollow Us On FacebookFollow Us On TwitterFollow Us On InstagramFollow Us On PinterestFollow Us On YouTubeView Our Blog
Help & Information
Customer Services
FAQs
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Catalogue Request
Site Map
Your Order
Delivery & Returns
Payment & Security
Terms & Conditions
Order & Collect
Quick Order
Daily Deal
Our Store
About Us
Contact Us
How To Find Us
Want To Be A Reseller?
Competitions
Quick Links
Standard Office Screens
Folding Display Boards
Mobile Room Dividers
Economy Office Screens
Jumbo Display Boards
New Arrivals
Best Sellers
© 2020 Panel Warehouse. All Rights Reserved.
eCommerce by Visualsoft
Trustpilot
Panel Warehouse Registered office Barton Hall, Hardy Street, Manchester, M30 7NNCompany Registration Number 1998934 VAT no. 561 2308 68
?
Sign Up For All The Latest News, Products And Special Offers
Top