http://www.multiproducts.com/privacy-policy/
Applications
Food & Beverage
Agriculture
Medical & Healthcare
Material Handling
& Conveyors
Sporting Equipment
Gaming & Amusement
HVAC Equipment
Industrial Machinery
Auger Motors
Custom Motors
Custom AC Gearmotors
Custom BLDC Gearmotors
Custom DC Gearmotors
Stock Motors
Replacement Actuator Motors
Stock AC Gearmotors
Stock DC Gearmotors
Resources
Literature Downloads
Data Sheets
FAQ’s
Skimmer Case Study
About
Contact
Privacy Policy
We Respect Your Privacy
Policy Overview
Multi Products Company respects and protects the privacy of persons who visit our website. We do not sell or otherwise disclose any personal information regarding our website visitors to any other company or entity for marketing or solicitation.
Collection of information from our visitors
In order to provide you detailed or specialized information, or respond to your specific customer service requirements, we may need to know some standard information such as your name, e-mail address, mailing address, or telephone number. We may also keep a record of your correspondences with us. In addition, when you purchase from our website, we receive confirmation of your payment but we shall not hold your credit card details as we use a third-party payment service provider.
It is our policy that your information is private and confidential. The personal information you provide is stored internally and accessible only to designated staff to be used only for the purposes for which you provided us the information. We will not sell any personal information you provide to us to another entity. We do reserve the right to transfer or disclose visitor information as part of the sale of all or part of Multi Products Company assets. In addition, we may also disclose certain information to comply with a court order or if we have a good-faith belief that such a disclosure is necessary to identify persons violating the law.
No computer tracking of personal information
Our website is not set-up to track, collect, or distribute personal information about its visitors. Our website does recognize the home server of our visitors but not e-mail addresses. We can tell the ISP or browser search our visitors use, but not names, addresses or other information about our visitors that would allow us to identify the particular visitors to our site.
Our web server tracks information about visits to our website so that we can compile statistics such as daily number of visitors and daily requests we receive for particular pages or actions. These statistics are used internally to better provide services to the public and may be provided to others, but the statistics contain no personal information and cannot be used to gather such information.
Notifications
We may occasionally notify you about new services and special offers via e-mail or surface mail. If you would prefer to opt-out of these notifications, please send a request to be removed from our notification list to: info@multiproducts.com.
Links to third-party sites
Our website may provide links or you may have entered our site via a link as a convenience to you. A third-party site may have its own privacy policy, which may differ from the policy expressed herein. Multi Products Company does not control third party sites nor the accuracy of links or claims on third-party sites. Multi Products is not responsible for the content of any linked site nor are links to be considered an endorsement by Multi Products Company of such sites.
Your consent
By accessing and using our website, you consent to the collection and use of information as set forth above. Any changes to our privacy policy will be posted on our website for public review.
Contact Us
(262) 554-3700
info@multiproducts.com
Toll Free: (877) 444-1011
(262) 554-3711
Address
Multi Products Company, Inc.
5301 21st St.
Racine WI, 53406