http://www.bookingentertainment.biz/privacy_policy.shtml
Find Talent
Contact Us
VIP Tour
Corporate Entertainment
Recommended
Available Talent
Musicians
Comedians
Speakers
Sports
Exclusive Roster
Musicians
Our Band of the Year
Rock & Pop
Classic Rock Superstars
Hip Hop
Jazz
Tribute
New Music
Country
Latin
Golden Age of Rock-n-Roll
Big Bands / Orchestras
Wedding
Cover
Dance
Alternative
Blues
R&B
Folk
Models / Trade Show
Comedians
Specialty
New Artists
About Us
References
Industry News
Upcoming Events
Entertainers Self-Placement Page
Home
Industry News
LocoLobo Events welcomes you to the world of Stars and Entertainment.
We welcome all Entrepreneurs and Investors. Turn-key operations are our specialty.
We provide professional one-stop College Entertainment.
We can design any package of various entertainers within your budget.
Music from the 40's, 50's, 60's, 70's, 80's, 90's and present -- No problem!
Classic Rock, Disco, Oldies, Jazz, Alternative, Gospel, R&B, Hip-Hop, Rap, Latin, Country -- We can get them all.
Use our Find Talent page to start us working to find the entertainer you need.
Use our Area Talent Search feature to find entertainment in your area.
We give you individual attention for concerts, corporate events, clubs, college shows, private functions, festivals, radio promotions, and fundraisers.
Be secure with Locolobo. Any funds are held in escrow until the entertainer's contract is delivered.
We are available 24x7. So give us a call or email us.
Welcome to LocoLobo Events, the largest entertainment and
music mediator company in New York state.
We're here to serve you.
Whether you are a first time buyer or have booked events many time before
you've made the right choice coming here.
Click here to start our Guided Tour.
Comments on our web site?
Please email us.
Site Map
Link Partners
Privacy Policy
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
Locolobo Events believes it is important for you to know what types of information we collect when you use our site or sign up for one of our related services.
We automatically record the name of the domain (for example,"abccompany.com" if you use a private Internet access account, or "yourschool.edu" if you are connecting from a university's domain); the IP address (a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you are using the Internet) from which you access our website; the type of browser and operating system used to access our site; the date and time you access our site; the Internet address of the website from which you linked directly to our site; and the pages you visit.
WHY DO WE COLLECT THIS INFORMATION?
We use this information in order to serve the needs of our customers.
We also use your information to process your requests for products and/or services, to improve our customer service, and to contact you.
HOW IS YOUR INFORMATION PROTECTED?
We use the latest in encryption technology, including 128 bit SSL encryption to ensure that any sensitive information that is sent by you to us via the Internet is protected from unauthorized interception.
We also have back up servers and power supplies to guard against power outages and other natural occurrences that could pose a threat to the integrity of your personal information.
WHO HAS ACCESS TO MY INFORMATION?
We do not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with other people or nonaffiliated companies except to provide products or services you have requested, when we have your permission, or under the following circumstances.
Only those employees that are responsible for handling your account have access to your information.
Additionally, employees in our technical department may have access to your information in order to conduct routine checks on the integrity of our system and in order to perform necessary maintenance work.
Should you choose to receive additional information regarding one of our services or products, we may pass your email address to one of our partners who offers similar products or services that you might be interested in.
We may provide your name and contact information to one of our trusted partners who work on behalf of Locolobo Events under strictly enforced confidentiality agreements.
These partners may use your information to contact you about offers from us.
However, these partners do not have any independent right to share, rent, or sell your information with anyone else.
Furthermore, judicial requests by a duly authorized court will require us to divulge certain information regarding your account should that situation arise.
We may also share your information if we believe it is necessary in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of our terms of use, or as otherwise required by law.
Finally, should our company ever be bought or sold, your account information would then become the property of the new owner/entity.
CAN I OPT OUT OF HAVING CERTAIN INFORMATION COLLECTED?
You have the option of removing yourself from any email distribution list that you may have signed up for.
NOTICE OF CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to change this privacy policy at any time.
However, if any changes do occur, we will publish the changes to our web site and post a notice on the home page that a new privacy policy has been implemented.
We will also take reasonable steps to contact you personally to let you know of the new changes.
Should the company be bought or sold to someone else, we will take reasonable steps to notify you personally.
You will then be given the option to keep your account open or to terminate.
About Us
Locolobo Events, your Entertainment Booking Agent for Special Event Planning. How Can We Help?
Contact The LocoLobo Events Booking Agents
Upcoming events -- LocoLobo Events
VIP Tour of LocoLobo Events
Photos -- LocoLobo Events
References -- LocoLobo Events
Entertainment We Provide
LocoLobo Events - Musicians and Entertainers available for your corporate event, party, fundraiser.
Book Live Corporate Entertainment
Classic Rock Superstars available directly through LocoLobo Events
Comedians available directly through LocoLobo Events
The big list of Comedians -- LocoLobo Events
Musicians for Corporate Events from LocoLobo Events
Country Musicians available directly through LocoLobo Events
Jazz Musicians available for Corporate Events, Office Parties, and Special Entertainment
Models available directly through LocoLobo Events
Rock, Pop, and Folk Musicians available directly through LocoLobo Events
New Music available directly through LocoLobo Events
Golden Age of Rock & Roll available directly through LocoLobo Events
Hip Hop Music available directly through LocoLobo Events
Latin Music available directly through LocoLobo Events
Orchestras available directly through LocoLobo Events
Wedding Bands available directly through LocoLobo Events
Cover Bands available directly through LocoLobo Events
Our Band of the Year
Book Lecturers, speakers and celebrities for corporate events, festivals, private parties, and fundraisers.
Specialty Entertainers available directly through LocoLobo Events
Book Sports figures for corporate events, festivals, private parties, and fundraisers.
Tribute Musicians available directly through LocoLobo Events
New Artists Available for Booking
How Can We Help You?
Have LocoLobo Events Find an Entertainer for your Corporate Party, Fair, Festival, Private Party
History of Artist Ticket Sales
Corporate Event Planning -- LocoLobo Events
Entertainment News
Quick review for all your Entertainment Needs...
Corporate Event Planning
When it comes to corporate event planning, we underpromise and overdeliver. Locolobo events Entertainment Planning is your source for private entertainment. Treat your VIPs to an exclusive concert, motivational speech, or comedy show, knowing that every detail of the entertainment is taken care of. From contract negotiations to the last detail of your event promotion, we do it all.
We have extensive experience negotiating with agents, managers, and bands themselves. Whether you need music, speakers, or comedians, we can get the entertainers you desire to perform at your event. Festivals, parties, fundraisers, or any VIP event will benefit from the exclusive entertainment that Worldwide Event Planning provides. Whether you are a small enterprise or a Fortune 500 corporation, rely on us for your corporate event planning needs.
Corporate Event Planning for Exclusive Events
With Locolobo events Entertainment
Events, everything is contractual. We will negotiate the best pricing and terms for you and handle your sound and video needs as well as secure the necessary equipment. If you need ideas for your events, we can suggest big-name talent or tribute artists. For the finest entertainment at your corporate function, trust us to make your event a success.
We have a long history of executing events smoothly and efficiently. You can trust us to be reliable and dependable; hundreds of references who have used our services will be glad to share their
Corporate Events
Corporate events need to be lots of fun yet they must always be geared towards the attendees and the desired theme of the event. At Locolobo events Entertainment , we can suggest celebrity entertainment that is appropriate for your guests and your corporate personality. With our experience handling corporate events, event planning will be a breeze when you hire us. Leave the details to us and see just how smooth event planning can be.
You want to provide a fun atmosphere for your event while still keeping it professional. We have links to celebrity talent in all areas--music, sports, DJs, speakers, and comedians. We will match the talent to your event so your guests come away with great memories of your special event.
Book Concerts for Corporate Events
Let us plan an event that will create buzz long after the event is over. It will be talked about and remembered as being one of the most upbeat, unforgettable moments in your company's history. Corporate events don't have to be boring, stuffy affairs when you hire Locolobo events Entertainment
to secure your talent and plan the show.
Everything is contractual with our company. We are bonded, insured, and experienced at negotiating rates and terms with managers, agencies, and talent. Our reputation is of the highest quality, and we can provide references to support that. Our track record speaks for itself--when you hire Locolobo events Entertainment , you have access to big-name talent at great rates. Call us today to discuss your next corporate event.
Corporate Party Planning
Corporate party planning can seem like a daunting task unless you hire a company that specializes in it. When you work with Locolobo events Entertainment , you'll be getting top-notch entertainment at an affordable price. Not only that, but you'll also be hiring an experienced company that specializes in corporate party planning. We can handle every last detail of your event so you don't have to worry about a thing.
Providing your employees with a great party boosts morale and lets your employees feel special. Giving them a chance to relax and feel appreciated will enhance your reputation and build buzz for months afterward. We will help you select the right talent for your audience. We have years of experience matching talent to the personality and culture of your corporation.
Why take on the stress or risk of corporate party planning yourself? Hire us and you will be pleased with the results. We can secure any talent you want, from tribute artists to top-name celebrities. We are bonded and insured and will hold your payments in escrow, releasing them according to the contract we agree to with you. While our reputation speaks for itself, you might want to check out any of our hundreds of references who can tell you how well we deliver.
Expert Corporate Party Planning for the Event of the Year
Corporate party planning is a detailed job that requires expertise. We stay on top of things to ensure your party will be the best your company has ever had. Hold a private concert, exclusive speech, or elite comedy performance. From planning to promotion, Locolobo events Entertainment
will ensure that your party is the event of the year.
Corporate Event Ideas
If you are looking for corporate event ideas, look no further. Locolobo events Entertainment
is dedicated to matching the right talent to your event. We plan every detail of your event, working with you to ensure that your guests will be happy and the event will be profitable for you.
Our years of experience have given us lots of corporate event ideas for future events. We know what different types of crowds will respond to and which talent is right for your audience. Whether your event is a concert for thousands of people or a small private speech, we can provide the entertainment you need to make your event a success. We are mediators who are not affiliated with any particular artists. That means we can negotiate contracts and terms with any artist you wish, working for you. We have links to many agencies, managers, and artists to secure the appropriate talent you want, from local artists to world-class celebrities.
Different Corporate Event Ideas
From festivals and fairs to exclusive VIP cocktail parties, Locolobo events Entertainment
is your source for corporate event ideas. We plan and execute your event, from invitations and promotion to equipment and supplies. Our expertise ensures that your event is unique and highly rated, without being outrageous.
Talk to our references to find out how we've helped them in the past. Then, speak to us to learn how we can make your event as good as theirs. We strive for perfection and won't stop until you are satisfied. Corporate events are elite, exclusive, and private. We'll help you make them unforgettable, too.
Event Planning Companies
At Locolobo events Entertainment , we know that you can choose from many event planning companies. Why choose us? We are experienced, have an unbeatable reputation, and access to nearly every celebrity out there. Trust us to make your event memorable. We have a reputation as the most dependable event planning company in the industry.
Many event planning companies promise a lot and don't deliver. We produce for our clients--just ask any of the hundreds of satisfied customers we've worked with. We have produced many successful shows from festivals and fairs to comedy shows, private concerts and VIP meetings. Don't be fooled by other event planning companies. Only Locolobo events Entertainment
handles your event from start to finish, helping you keep your employees satisfied and helping you profit from the event.
Locating Knowledgeable Event Planning Companies to Plan it Right
Event planning requires a lot of attention to detail. We let you focus on your core business while we plan your event. From invitations to marketing to the color of your tablecloths and napkins, you will not have to worry about a thing.
Call us today to start planning your event. During your free consultation, we'll ask you many questions about what you hope to gain from the event. We can provide unique ideas to make your event special, while incorporating your vision for the event. Let us plan your corporate party and negotiate the talent contracts, and people will be talking about it for months to come.
Corporate Event Management
Allow Locolobo events Entertainment
to handle your corporate event management and take the work off your shoulders. We have years of experience in the entertainment business and are affiliated with LocoLobo Events, a team of highly successful event planners. We have expertise in entertainment as well as in professionally managing events from start to finish. For your classy corporate party, invitation-only concert, or private lecture, Locolobo events Entertainment
delivers.
Whether you are looking to serve a crowd of thousands at a sporting event or boast a smaller, more exclusive guest list, we will tailor your event to the culture of your company and the personalities of your guests. We know how to read crowds and understand what they want. We can select entertainment based on their preferences to create a truly memorable outcome for all your attendees.
Locolobo events Entertainment
for Corporate Event Management
With top-name entertainment, professional marketing, publicity spots, and a well-planned evening, you can be sure that you'll receive excellent attendance at your function. We will find the perfect location for your event, coordinate food and beverage and seating arrangements, and then negotiate the best rates on talent. We'll have a comprehensive plan for executing each and every fine detail of your affair, ensuring its success.
Corporate event management does not have to be a headache when you allow us to handle it. Imagine your guests having the times of their lives and talking about your party for months afterward. That's the kind of response you will get when you leave your corporate event management to us.
Special Corporate Events
Special corporate events keep your employees motivated and raise morale. They are used to thank people for a job well done, to celebrate success, and recognize individuals who have helped the company move forward. Special corporate events such as awards banquets, company picnics, and holiday parties let everyone enjoy camaraderie and strengthen both friendships and management-employee relations.
At Locolobo events Entertainment , we specialize in creating memorable events. Planning any type of company event requires a significant amount of time and attention to detail. If you lack the expertise or staff to handle the amount of work involved, allow us to plan your next event. Not only do we have a full staff with years of experience, but we also have connections to the best name-brand talent available. Host a corporate party with celebrities, tribute artists, comedians, and celebrity speakers, you'll give your attendees an event that is truly meaningful.
Planning Special Corporate Events with an Event Management Company
Using an event management company like Locolobo events Entertainment
will help you determine which type of special corporate events to host. Depending on your marketing strategy and business plan, you might benefit from a motivational speech for everyone or a special recognition luncheon for a select few stars on your team. We can help you figure out which events will have a lasting impact, and handle all of the planning and execution, too.
Special corporate events are not just memorable for employees and guests. They can be very profitable for you, too. Contact us today to discuss your needs, and we will show you how events like these can build relationships and help your company profit.
Corporate Event Organizers
Hiring corporate event organizers like Locolobo events Entertainment
ensures that your event is a success. By working with us, you will make the party planning process smoother and easier on everyone involved. Event planning requires a significant commitment of time and attention, and if your event fails, you'll hear all about it from your supervisors. Why put tremendous pressure on yourself when you can leave the planning to the professionals?
A great benefit of using corporate event organizers is that we know how to read audiences. At Locolobo events Entertainment , our experience has taught us how to gauge crowds to give them what they want. Doing this allows us to provide just the right entertainment, the perfect theme, and activities that everyone will enjoy. We will help you select a location and a theme for your event, as well as plan appropriate activities for your particular attendees.
Hiring corporate event organizers for your corporate party planning needs, outdoor festivals, or fairs can also bring in higher profits. We have connections to top-name entertainment and can book anybody you choose. We negotiate the best terms and rates with booking agents, talent managers, and even the entertainers themselves. Promoting your event in advance will build momentum and encourage early ticket sales, increasing demand which, in turn, increases publicity. You can see how this cycle clearly builds profits.
Book Bands through Corporate Event Organizers
Hiring top talent need not be challenging. If you need help planning your party and hiring top-level talent, turn to Locolobo events Entertainment . Let us show you how to make your function a highly profitable, smashing success. Contact us today to discuss your vision for your next corporate event.
Corporate Event Planners
For your next corporate meeting or celebration, hire Locolobo events Entertainment
as your corporate event planners. We have direct connections to name brand talent, we do not represent any one artist, so we can offer low booking fees and pass the savings on to you. Trust us to handle your event and your investment and you won't be disappointed.
Hiring us to be your corporate event planners can mean the difference between a tedious meeting and an exciting, unforgettable gathering. If you lack the staff or time to devote to event planning, it will show. Hire Locolobo events Entertainment
and your guests will know you took the time to plan something they will really enjoy.
Why Hire Corporate Event Planners?
Your goal is hosting the perfect event, and we can help you attain it. Working with your vision, we will tailor the party to your guests and your company's culture. We will take into account their preferences for activities, themes, and entertainment, and put it all together into a smoothly-running, seamless event that looks like it was a breeze to plan.
It may look easy, but you know the challenges of creating a flawless event. Allow us to be your corporate event planners and handle every aspect of your event, from venue selection to food and beverages, tent rental, booking talent, and promotion. When you put your trust in us, we will handle your VIP function with the utmost care for the best outcome. Ask any of our hundreds of references why they chose Locolobo events Entertainment , and you'll see for yourself why you should choose us to plan your next special corporate event.
Corporate Event Services
Corporate event services like Locolobo events Entertainment
eliminate the hassle of dealing with multiple vendors and spending large amounts of time each day planning each aspect of your corporate party. Your VIPs deserve a professional approach to their special event, so we are the logical choice for event planning services. Whether you have your own staff or want us to do it all, we are flexible and will accommodate your needs.
If you want to take your corporate meetings to the next level, contact us today for our corporate event services. We will be happy to answer any questions you may have, and put your mind at ease because you can trust us to plan your party. Our years of expertise in a diverse range of special events ensure that we'll deliver your message in a way that your audience will believe it and accept it.
Locate and Hire Corporate Event Services
We are thorough in all of our planning, and have a reputation for being reliable and honest. We are happy to provide references so you can see how we have helped other companies like yours in the past. From securing top-name talent to developing themes and concepts and handling catering, we will execute a corporate event that is unique to your company and perfect for your budget.
We also have ready access to entertainment, from local artists to world-famous celebrities. Whether you need to book a band for a private concert or hire a motivational speaker to keep your employees enthusiastic, we have connections throughout the industry. For your next special event, choose corporate event services from Locolobo events Entertainment .
Corporate Entertainment Online
Arranging for corporate entertainment online is a convenient way to book bands or comedians for your special evening. Locolobo events Entertainment
can provide bands of any size and genre, DJs, comedians, or specialty acts. We can also provide tribute artists, look-alikes, or whatever your guests would enjoy. No matter what your event requires, we can make it happen. Give us a call and let us work our magic.
Private Functions Made Easy with Corporate Entertainment Online
Whether you are celebrating a special anniversary, corporate milestone, or are throwing a private birthday party for your CEO, finding corporate entertainment online makes your life easier when it comes to event management. Our connections to any talent you desire will impress your audience and create treasured company memories, stories that will be talked about around the water cooler and relayed to future employees.
No matter what your budget, booking corporate entertainment online is easy. Locolobo events Entertainment
can supply a range of themed celebrations and will make sure that you are satisfied with the arrangements before anything is executed. Simply fill out our online form to tell us the type of entertainment you are looking for, and we will respond with our ideas and suggestions (including talent suggestions). We will do all the groundwork so you can focus on your core business.
Event planning is a major undertaking if you want to do it right. To impress your guests and even profit from your private functions, allow professional event management companies to handle the planning and entertainment. Don't risk leaving out important details or forgetting a step in the process. Instead, trust the experts. Call Locolobo events Entertainment
today to start planning your exclusive event now.
Corporate Entertainment Companies
Locolobo events Entertainment
is one of the leading corporate entertainment companies, serving satisfied clients nationwide. We know that the success of your event depends on the entertainment you choose to perform for your guests. Whether you are holding a seminar to train employees or a motivational event to build camaraderie, the entertainment often determines how well the audience perceives your event.
How to Hire Corporate Entertainment Companies
When you hire us over other corporate entertainment companies, you are getting a full-service events management company. If you have the staff to plan your party, we will work as your business partner with suggestions and ideas and will handle the legwork. If you lack the staff or time to plan your event, we can do this for you as well.
We will help you select the right entertainment for your guests, whether it is concert promotions, a DJ, other types of music, or comedians and celebrity impersonators. For top-rate entertainment that's affordable for you and your employees, turn to Locolobo events Entertainment . We will be happy to give you a free consultation to discuss the type of entertainment you are looking for.
Allow us to handle your event and see the difference that professional corporate entertainment companies can make. Instead of fretting over endless details and worrying about how your audience will react, leave it to us. We have been doing this for years and have a great reputation in the industry. Contact us today for your free consultation.
Live Corporate Entertainment
Live corporate entertainment gives your guests a chance to let loose. After a few days of intense seminars or a season of hard work, celebrate their success by providing live corporate entertainment for your guests. How often do your employees get to dance with each other, relax, and just have a good time at work? Reward them with music, give them a hearty laugh with a comedian, or help them stay enthusiastic with motivational speakers.
Book Live Corporate Entertainment Online on the Internet
Locolobo events Entertainment
has been providing live corporate entertainment for years. We are mediators in the field, not representing any one artist. Because of this, we can offer you lower booking rates. We negotiate the best fees among booking agencies and talent managers, then pass the savings on to you. The result is a successful, profitable event for you and your guests.
Ignite their senses and provide excitement and energy among your audience. Live entertainment is far superior to anything taped or filmed. The interaction with live performers simply cannot be replaced. The sights, sounds, and vibrations produced by live entertainers are something special and much more likely to be remembered.
Let Locolobo events Entertainment
book live entertainment for your upcoming function, and see the difference we make. From local artists to celebrity talent, we can book anybody you want and will deliver for you. We follow our contracts to the letter, ensuring that our clients are satisfied with our services. Just ask any of our references why they hire us time and time again.
Corporate Entertainment Events
Corporate entertainment events are the lifeblood of any organization. Without giving your employees a fun break every once in a while, they can become unmotivated and listless. To increase productivity or to recognize top achievers, corporate entertainment events are key. At Locolobo events Entertainment , we specialize in booking talent and customizing events to meet your needs.
Corporate Entertainment: Events of a Lifetime
We have a wide variety of entertainers and event ideas that can be tailored to your specific guests. From team building speakers to musicians, DJs and comedians, we will make your exclusive event one that will be remembered for years to come. Contact us today to discuss your requirements, and we will get back to you quickly with ideas for success.
In addition to corporate entertainment events, Locolobo events Entertainment
is a full-service event planning company with a superior reputation in the industry. For years, we have been handling events such as corporate parties, VIP functions, awards banquets, conferences, and trade shows with success. Instead of fretting over the endless details, allow us to do the work for you.
Reading crowds and knowing what activities work for each audience is another area we specialize in. What management thinks will be fun is not necessarily right for your audience. For example, at company picnics, you will need activities for children as well as adults. A black-tie affair has its own entertainment needs. Contact us today and we will get started finding the right entertainment for your next corporate party, outdoor festival, or state fair.
Corporate Entertainment Packages
Locolobo events Entertainment
offers corporate entertainment packages at a reduced price. Imagine having a private concert with Big name talent, or inviting major entertainers to speak to your board members. When you hire us, we can book any talent you seek and produce a unique event that matches your company's personality.
Corporate Entertainment Packages at Reduced Rates
Whether you are an experienced event planner or this is the first special event you have been involved in, we are here to help. Locolobo events Entertainment
is your partner in special event planning and corporate entertainment packages. When you hire us, you will be assured that the talent we book for you is appropriate for your audience. For example, we will not hire comedians who may offend your audience nor will we book a band that plays the wrong music for your audience's age group.
Our corporate entertainment packages provide you with the best entertainers for any occasion. Our experts are experienced in providing top-notch talent that knows how to entertain everyone in your crowd. From food and beverage to site selection, concert promotions, and ticket sales, we will plan your event from start to finish.
Let us be your partner in event planning. When you work with us, you'll see the difference that hiring a competent management company makes. Don't risk planning a party that falls short of your expectations. Be known for planning popular parties when you throw the event of the year
Unique Event Entertainment
Executives are often faced with the seemingly daunting task of securing unique event entertainment. While this job can be delegated to a corporate meeting planner, it is often the VIPs who have the final say. Knowing how important event entertainment is, can help sell you on the idea of budgeting for this necessary investment.
Unique event entertainment is one of the most crucial aspects of events, as it gives attendees a chance to unwind and rejuvenate. It may come in the form of a motivational speaker for a keynote address or a comedian to entertain your board members. Team building and training are also more successful when the information is imparted in a fun way that doesn't seem like learning.
More Information about Unique Event Entertainment
At LocoLobo Corporate Events, we have a broad range of popular speakers who are knowledgeable in their fields and have gained the life experience necessary for success. They are both entertaining and informative, often sharing personal stories that audiences can relate to. Successful speeches are remembered long after attendees return to the office, so let us help you choose the right speaker or unique event entertainment.
We don't only book talent, however; we are also a full-service
event management company with a superb track record. So if you'd rather outsource the endless details of event planning than overburden your staff, contact us for a consultation. We can provide you with ideas for successful events, based on our experience with current and previous clients. We have helped many Fortune 500 companies realize the dream of enlightening event audiences with informative entertainment, and we'll do the same for you.
VIP Events
Companies are finally catching on to the notion that VIP events are good PR (public relations). Private parties for your best clients, invitation-only hospitality suites at trade shows, and entertainment for your executive board all leave your guests feeling appreciated. They establish goodwill and encourage future business.
No two VIP events are alike, nor should they be. Event planners are forever searching for ways to make them memorable for their guests. The best event is one that gets talked about long after the event. However, it's not an easy task to make them as good as you want them to be.
VIP Events Specialists
Here at LocoLobo Corporate Events, we are specialists in booking entertainment for VIP events. We will work with you to find the best talent for your event, whether you want music, comedy, motivational speakers or need to book a band or particular entertainer. We work on your behalf to negotiate the best pricing and terms for your occasion and handle all the contract details. That leaves you free to mingle with your guests and show them a good time.
The right theme and tone of your event can make all the difference in how your guests perceive it and whether they have a good time. Finding suitable talent that's appropriate for your audience is just one piece of the puzzle. With so many details to keep up with, it's best to leave it to the experts. Contact us today to get started on a fun-filled corporate event that will be treasured by all who attend.
Comedians For Corporate Events
What can Comedians do for a Corporate Event ? Comedians bring a smile and can lighten anyVIP Party! LocoLobo Corporate Events, an event talent agency that has access to any entertainer, speaker or comedian you may want and will guarantee the best service because we seek repeat business.
Maybe you want to book a band AND a comedian? Why not? We can handle any event!
We do not represent any one person so we can negotiate with comedians, management or agencies, depending on who represents them. We work within your event budget to match appropriate comedians and performances with your guests. You probably already know that comedy has a therapeutic effect that actually improves health. Think about how hiring comedians for corporate events will break the ice at your next event and encourage friendly networking and deals to take place.
Companies That Hire Comedians for Corporate Events
Other clients who hire comedians for corporate events are also available as references, so your meeting planner can call and hear about us directly from our clients. We've handled hundreds of corporate parties, executive banquets, awards dinners, private gatherings and VIP-only events. We'd like to help you, too.
We make it easy for executives like you to make decisions about which comedians to hire. If you lack the staff to plan your corporate event, our
Corporate Event Planners
can act as your outsourced meetings manager, too. We will plan your meeting from start to finish, including obtaining comedians and booking bands. So let us book your entertainment, and take the burden off of you.
Famous Performers
Event managers and corporate executives are constantly seeking ways to make their "special events" truly special. You might think that hiring famous performers is way out of your league, but that is not necessarily the case. Talking with a qualified talent agency that has a vast array of experiences hiring celebrities is a definite way to find out.
Whether you regularly host VIP-only events or only produce them on occasion, booking famous performers will pay off in the long run. Name recognition as well as the exceptional talent that is a given with fame will give your guests something to talk about. And there is no better way to make you look good than by people spreading the word to their colleagues.
LocoLobo Corporate Events is a talent agency that can book any famous performer you want. If you don't know your audience's taste in entertainment, or you don't know who you would like to hire, take heed. That is a situation our specialists deal with daily and we will be glad to help you narrow down your choices with regard to performer, program, theme, and budget.
We do not represent any one person so we are able to negotiate with other agents and managers to secure the date and performer for you. In addition to entertainers, we can also book keynote speakers, motivational speakers, lecturers or experts for your next seminar, convention, or trade show. Our services include recommending the best talent for your individual events, negotiating and acheiving your financial goals, researching prospective talent, and arranging a site if you don't already have one. Call us today to learn more.
Famous Comedians
Famous comedians can add humor and pizzazz to an otherwise dull meeting. They also offer entertainment and comic relief during conferences, when everybody is weary from all-day seminars. Comedy is a great way to impart wisdom as well as to break the ice at business functions. However, many meeting planners fail to utilize this valuable resource.
Famous Comedians and Your Bottom Line
Offering a comedy event with famous comedians is a sure way to keep your attendees feeling energetic and give them a chance to unwind a bit before more seminars. Famous comedians offer name recognition as well as top-quality talent--they wouldn't be famous if they were not exceptional at what they do. When you host a famous entertainer, word of mouth marketing works harder than usual to increase your event's profits.
There are a lot of details to consider before booking comedians. Meeting planners who are already overworked would benefit from the services
of a qualified speakers' bureau and meetings management company. At LocoLobo Corporate Events, we have a huge database of famous comedians, motivational and keynote speakers, bands, authors, and other entertainers at our disposal. We have a long history of satisfied clients and we can book the perfect talent for you, too.We guarantee the best service for booking comedians and other entertainment and speakers. We seek repeat business so we work within your event budget and help you get the best ROI. We're eager to become your event management and talent specialist.
Corporate Performances
Corporate performances demand attention to detail when planning. Knowing your objectives for your meeting and the corporate entertainment you want will go a long way toward succeeding at the event. Ask yourself why you are holding the meeting and why you want an outside performer to be at your event. Then you will be able to give better direction to your planning committee when it comes time to book talent.
At LocoLobo Corporate Events, we have helped hundreds of corporations like yours meet their objectives in corporate performances. We save our clients thousands of hours of time researching talent and narrowing down the list to finally choose appropriate talent. Whether you need celebrity acts or regional flavor, we will help you evaluate your needs and make suggestions for the corporate performances that will work for your event.
Impressing VIPs with Corporate Performances
Well-known acts not only entertain, they impress guests as well. If your objective is to reward employees or make an impression on your VIPs, a private concert with a celebrity band is well worth the investment. Music, comedians, or magicians each work best in different situations. Tell us who comprises your audience and describe the theme of purpose of your event. We'll do the rest.
Music For Corporate Events
Music for corporate events is something that executives and meeting planners agonize about unnecessarily. While it's true that the right music sets the mood for a memorable evening, choosing the soundtrack is best left to somebody else. The booking agency you use to find your talent should be able to coordinate musicians, travel, and entertainment programs, or you risk wasting your time with them.
At LocoLobo Corporate Events, we have a long history of helping our corporate clients impress audiences with appropriate music for corporate events. Rather than asking you to choose the type of music that will satisfy an audience that varies in age, taste, and style, we'll instead help you decide on the type of mood you want to create with your music. The result will be a party that impresses all!
Setting the Mood with Music for Corporate Events
For example, whether you want to host a rock concert or provide a backdrop of jazz music for dinner makes a substantial difference in the entertainment we suggest. Aside from singers, bands, and individual musicians, we also suggest DJs for our clients. DJs are not limited to the type of music they play and can offer lots of sound when you are short on space.
Top Quality Music for corporate events does not come without a price tag. Our discerning clients are willing to pay for 5 star national acts that we can acheive for that special event. If you're looking for local flavor to entertain audiences that come from all over the world, local and regional acts are also available. Allow LocoLobo
Corporate Events to be your partner in showcasing musical entertainment at your next large-scale corporate event.
Famous Entertainers
It's no secret. Famous entertainers raise attendance and bring in the big bucks while providing attendees with a once-in-a-lifetime chance to be in the same room with their favorite celebrities. Before you call LocoLobo
Corporate Events to book your talent, evaluate your goals for your meeting and the results you want to achieve.
Think about the issues that are facing your industry and how a keynote speaker, musician, or comedian can help your audience overcome them. You may or may not really need outside speakers or famous entertainers. Your in-house people might be better at dealing with the challenges facing your industry. If you have a low budget, by all means, inside people are the best.
What Famous Entertainers Do for Meetings
Of course, if there are difficulties that need to be addressed, outside speakers and famous entertainers can offer objectivity and ease the blow of delivering bad news so that insiders can work on the issues. For example, if your company is going through reorganization, you might hire speakers to talk about team stress and overcoming adversity. A comedian will take the edge off the seriousness of your meeting and help put everybody in a more relaxed mood.
Hiring famous entertainers can turn your ho-hum meeting into a unique chance to meet a celebrity in a cozy setting. It not only impresses your guests, but will also send a message that your company is financially stable. When a famous performer appears at your event, it gives your company an air of significance. When you are ready to book a famous act for your corporate party, contact us at LocoLobo Corporate Events.
VIP Entertainment
VIP entertainment makes your guests comfortable and adds a sense of lightness to your events. After a long day of intensive seminars or a grueling day on their feet at your trade show booth, attendees will appreciate being treated to a special VIP entertainment event. Magicians, comedians, and even actors appeal to a wide variety of people and help break the ice at networking events.
LocoLobo Corporate Events specializes in bringing the best VIP entertainment to your corporate event. A relaxing atmosphere for travelers will make all the difference at your function, particularly if people are coming from long distances. They might not know other people so entertainment can make them feel included and capture their attention.
With our Corporate Event unique ingenuity, your VIP events will never be boring. We provide interesting entertainment that is creative and fun for all your guests, whether your crowd is large or small. Interactive performers like comedians or special event entertainment, keep your guests participating and draw them into the event. When they participate, they'll remember the originality of the performance long after it's over.
VIP Entertainment Generates Buzz for your Company
VIP entertainment from our Corporate Events company also gives you great publicity and helps generate buzz. Host a function before a trade show to get people talking all over the trade show floor. They'll repeat your company name many times over as they retell their stories again and again. Spend the time choosing unique entertainment to keep your event in the front of everybody's minds and keep them returning for more.
Convention Entertainment
Good convention entertainment can make or break your convention and music really brings a crowd together. Knowing which type of music is best for your audience is not simple. It's better to decide instead on a particular mood, such as dancing, dinner music, or soothing classical music. Music can be the focal point of an event such as a concert or it can provide a background for mingling at a cocktail party.
The Right Help Hiring Convention Entertainment
When you are looking for convention entertainment, don't overlook booking agencies. These convention entertainment resources can handle the details for you.
A leading agency is LocoLobo Corporate Events. We have been helping Fortune 500 companies plan successful, entertaining events for many memorable years. When you really want to impress your guests, allow us to do all the legwork for you. We provide event planning services to give you the best convention entertainment you can imagine.
Rely on us to fill in the background information you need to obtain entertainment and provide demo tapes for you to watch(in some cases). We will also negotiate contracts from pricing to transportation. Save yourself the trouble of overloading your meeting planners and allow LocoLobo Corporate Events to be your booking agency for convention entertainment and any of your other needs.
BOOKING ENTERTAINMENT MAKES THE WORLD GO 'ROUND AND WE MAKE SURE IT KEEPS ON SPINNING!
LOCO LOBO EVENTS.COM, INC
Our agency is bonded so that you can feel secure and safe when planning and booking special talents, musicians, D.J.'s and live entertainment on line.
We are fullyinsuredand bonded
Corporate entertainers offer far more to your audience than you would think at first glance. At an intimate venue such as a corporate VIP party or smaller meeting, a celebrity band or sports figure may be onstage just a few feet away from the audience, an experience that will thrill your attendees. Motivational speakers are able to offer inspiration or impart wisdom to your company's best asset: people. Comedians can help your attendees to unwind after a long day of meetings or break the ice among strangers.
At locoloboevents.com, our talent pool is practically bottomless. We are mediators, so we do not represent any one artist. Instead, we represent you, the client, to bring you the best prices and most profitability for your event. Fully insured and bonded, we can negotiate among artists, their agents, or their management teams. We will handle the details so you can focus on your business.
We offer peace of mind as a bonus! We understand that you have other tasks to handle, so allow us to take care of the entertainment. When you hire locoloboevents.com, you are hiring experts with a successful track record and hundreds of satisfied clients. For more information, please continue to browse our site, or feel free to contact us with questions.
We at LocoLobo Events are mediators. This means we do not represent any one artist.
By doing this are we able to concentrate on using our expertise, entertainment buying power to get you the best possible
deal, negotiating between artists, management companies and agents.
We represent you, the client, to bring you a joyful and profitable experience.
We are committed to providing a
comprehensive and successful production. Because of this we are able to bring first time inquirers, as well as seasoned promoters, a profitable outcome for your venue,
corporate party, fundraiser, wedding, festival, fair or any special event.
We are the largest entertainment mediator corp in NY state, so let Locoloco Events fulfill your dream! Fill out our
Find Talent Form and one of our professional
mediator agents will contact you promptly. Don't hesitate to call us for some
free advice. Let's get the show rolling!
WE ARE BOOKING MEDIATORS. WE ARE NOT A FAN SITE
Locoloboevents is a mediator company, designed for the purpose of
Booking Entertainment for the interested Talent Buyer.
We cannot help you contact particular artists and we do not have
schedule or other information about particular artists.
Fans should refer to official artist websites for such information.
Let us help you with our skills as a:
Artist Booking Agent,
Band Booking Agent,
Business Event Planner,
Casino Entertainment Booking,
Celebrity Booking Agent,
Corporate Entertainers,
Event Planning And Production,
Fundraising Entertainment,
Music Booking Agent,
Resort Entertainment Booking Agency,
Special Event Entertainment,
Talent Booking Agent.
Get our Brochure to read more about how we can help you find quality entertainment.
Find Talent |
Contact Us |
Corporate Entertainment |
Privacy Policy |
About Us |
References
New Artists |
Musicians |
Comedians |
Speakers |
Sports