http://www.sureguard.com.au/page/terms
Terms and Conditions
1.0 User Acceptance
2.0 Returns
2.1 Money Back Guarantee
2.1.1 Conditions of Money Back Guarantee
2.2 Manufacturer's Warranty
2.2.1 Extended Warranty
2.3 Service and Repairs
2.4 Return Address
2.4.1 Conditions for Returning Goods
2.5 Lodge a Claim
3.0 Limitation of Liability
4.0 Privacy
4.1 Special Offers
4.2 E-mail Address
4.3 Cookies
4.4 Active Scripting or JavaScript
4.5 Change of Policy
5.0 Safety – Your Responsibility
6.0 Disclaimer Notices
6.1 Disclaimer Notices - Export Sales
1.0 User Acceptance
By purchasing from Sureguard Pty Ltd (Australian Business Number: 20163915964) (hereinafter referred to as Sureguard), the purchaser agrees they have read and accept and abide by these Terms and Conditions.
Orders must be placed by persons 18 years of age and over.
Sureguard reserves the right to amend these Terms and Conditions at any time.
2.0 Returns
Australian Consumer Law protects consumers by giving them certain rights when buying goods and services. As an additional benefit Sureguard offers a Money Back Guarantee that does not affect the purchaser’s rights as a consumer in any way. This additional benefit is only available for retail purchases SOLD DIRECT from Sureguard and not through a dealer or representative and not for an export sale.
2.1 Money Back Guarantee
If for ANY REASON the purchaser wishes to return goods or cancel their order, Sureguard offers a 30-DAY MONEY BACK GUARANTEE. The purchaser’s refund will be the FULL PURCHASE PRICE less the following:
An accounting fee of $14 to cover processing a refund but only if the sale has been processed.
Our shipping costs but only if the goods have been shipped.
A handling fee of $22 to cover technical checking of the goods but only if the goods are returned opened, repackaged or used.
Value of goods not returned.
Value of goods damaged while in the purchaser’s possession.
Value of goods exhibiting excessive wear and tear, alteration of any sort or no longer saleable “as new”.
Value of any transaction fees charged by Banks, PayPal, etc.
2.1.1 Conditions of Money Back Guarantee
The purchaser agrees to read and comply with the product’s User Instructions.
The purchaser agrees to immediately contact Sureguard’s Technical Department for assistance if the User Instructions are not understood.
If the purchaser is not satisfied with the product’s performance the purchaser agrees to immediately contact Sureguard’s Technical Department and apply any remedial advice they offer, for the period they specify, to rectify the problem. Sureguard may elect to extend this Money Back Guarantee to 60-Days to allow time to achieve satisfactory product performance.
The purchaser must contact Sureguard within 30-days (or 60-days if extended) from the invoice date to Lodge a Claim (see Section 2.5).
Products that have been modified, dismantled, repaired or altered without Sureguard’s authorisation are not eligible for refund.
If the purchaser uses the product for a purpose for which it was not intended the purchaser is not eligible for a refund.
Only the original purchaser will be refunded.
2.2 Manufacturer's Warranty
Sureguard provides a Manufacturer’s Warranty to the original purchaser or gift recipient to cover defects in materials and workmanship.
Statutory Warranty is 90-Days. The Manufacturer's Warranty extends this. Please refer to the product’s webpage, brochure or packaging for more details.
Proof of purchase must be provided when requesting service under Warranty.
Sureguard’s warranty does not cover damage or loss caused by or resulting from abuse, accidents, breakages, loss of parts, unauthorised alterations or repairs, unauthorised dismantling of the product, using unauthorised accessories, normal wear and tear, normal battery ageing, the natural breakdown of colours and materials over time and use, failure to follow recommended maintenance, corrosion, lightning strike, abnormal mains voltage fluctuations, battery leakage, incorrect battery replacement, incorrect plug-pack replacement, insects, vermin, failure to use the product for its intended purpose, incorrect or incomplete installation or usage, theft, and causes beyond the control of Sureguard.
Sureguard reserves the right to determine whether a fault is caused by faulty workmanship or materials.
Sureguard reserves the right to repair or replace goods. Replacement parts or goods may be refurbished.
The warranty published here is the only warranty given by Sureguard and no person has authority to change or add to these obligations and liabilities.
This warranty shall not apply to any loss (whether direct, indirect or consequential) suffered through or resulting from failure or ineffective operation of the product except as provided by law.
Note: Nothing in this warranty shall be construed as affecting any rights you may have under Australian State or Commonwealth Legislation which gives you rights that cannot be modified or excluded by agreement. Our goods come with guarantees that cannot be excluded under the Australian Consumer Law. You are entitled to a replacement or refund for a major failure and compensation for any other reasonably foreseeable loss or damage. You are also entitled to have the goods repaired or replaced if the goods fail to be of acceptable quality and the failure does not amount to a major failure.
2.2.1 Extended Warranty
Sureguard provides an Extended Manufacturer’s Warranty which may be purchased within 90-Days of the original product purchase.
Extended Warranty on most products will extend the Manufacturer's Warranty to 3-Years; refer to the product's webpage for details.
Replacement product is covered by a 90-Day Warranty.
If Sureguard cannot supply you with an equivalent replacement product, Sureguard will provide a Gift Card to buy an alternative product from Sureguard.
2.3 Service and Repairs
Sureguard’s Technical Department provides Service and Repairs for products not covered by the Manufacturer’s Warranty.
Sureguard takes reasonable steps to provide spare parts for a reasonable time after purchase.
Sureguard reserves the right to refuse Claims when products have been modified, dismantled, repaired or altered without Sureguard’s authorisation.
2.4 Return Address
Sureguard Pty Ltd, 114 Keen Street (Level 2), Lismore NSW 2480, Australia.
2.4.1 Conditions for Returning Goods
Before returning goods you must contact Sureguard to Lodge a Claim (see Section 2.5).
After receiving your Return Authorisation, you must cease using the goods and promptly return the goods to ensure they arrive at Sureguard’s Return Address (as per Section 2.4 above) within 14-days.
Returned goods must include a copy of the original Purchaser’s Invoice or enough information to identify the original purchaser, date of purchase and the seller.
Returned goods must be packaged to avoid damage in transit.
Return shipping and insurance costs are the purchaser’s or sender’s responsibility. Sureguard will cover return shipping if required by Australian Consumer Law. Sureguard will refuse COD returns.
Costs associated with quotations, service or repairs must be paid before the goods are returned. Goods will be disposed of if costs are not paid within 90-days of notification that the goods are ready for shipping.
2.5 Lodge a Claim
To lodge a Claim simply contact Sureguard’s Technical Department on 1800-800-044 or email: claims@sureguard.com.au. Your Claim will be assessed and if the goods are to be returned you will be issued with a Return Authorisation.
3.0 Limitation of Liability
Sureguard will not be liable in any way for any direct, indirect, incidental, special or consequential losses or damages resulting from use of Sureguard’s website, products or services or inability to use Sureguard’s website, products or services, except as provided by law.
Where any Australian State or Commonwealth Legislation prohibits the inclusion of any clause or term set out in these Terms and Conditions, the liability imposed on Sureguard, will be limited, at Sureguard’s discretion to any one or more of the following:
The replacement of the goods or re-supply of equivalent goods.
The cost of the goods or the cost to re-supply the equivalent goods.
The repair of the goods.
The payment of cost to repair the goods.
4.0 Privacy
Personal information supplied by the purchaser is used by Sureguard Pty Ltd or its authorised distributors to supply products and services, and to ensure warranty and service coverage of products. Sureguard Pty Ltd does not give your personal information to anyone else unless it is necessary to do so in order to provide the service requested by the user and it has made a full disclosure to the user or it has good faith belief that disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to satisfy any applicable laws or regulations or to detect and prevent fraud, security, or technical issues. Any personal information submitted will not be sold, traded, or rented under any circumstances.
4.1 Special Offers
Sureguard occasionally has special offers which are extended to Sureguard’s customers and their friends. By accepting these Terms and Conditions you choose to opt-in to receive notification of these offers. However, if you wish to opt-out of these offers please contact Customer Service by email: customer.service@sureguard.com.au or telephone: 1800-800-044. You may also unsubscribe by clicking the opt-out link within the offer email.
4.2 E-mail Address
The e-mail address that you supply when creating an account on this website will be used to contact you regarding your account and Sureguard’s products or services.
4.3 Cookies
Cookies are used by this website. No personal information is collected by or stored in cookies.
4.4 Active Scripting or JavaScript
Scripting is used to improve the functionality of the website. Using scripting technology allows the website to return information more quickly to the user. Scripting is never used by the website to install software on the user’s computer or to collect unauthorized information from the user.
Active scripting or JavaScript must be enabled in the browser for some portions of the website to work correctly. Most browsers allow this feature to be enabled or disabled for specific websites. Consult the browser help documentation to learn how to enable scripting for selected websites.
4.5 Change of Policy
If ever it proves necessary to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect and how we use it.
5.0 Safety – Your Responsibility
All persons who use the purchased product must read the User Instructions prior to operating the product.
Do not allow children to operate or play with the product.
Do not use an electronic barrier to restrain a DANGEROUS DOG.
A dangerous dog is:
A dog that has been trained to attack or bite any person or anything attached or worn by a person.
Has been declared to be dangerous by the relevant authorities.
Always seek veterinary advice before using a product that might affect any medical condition the animal has.
Do not use an electronic barrier if failure of the system could result in personal injury, animal injury, or property loss or damage.
Do not install an electronic barrier in areas where a hazard might be created or possibly cause harm.
Do not use or install Pingg-String electric fence products within swimming pool enclosures or near a swimming pool.
Do not store petrol or other flammable liquids in the vicinity of an electric fence product or its fence wiring.
Do not dismantle the product unless approved in writing by Sureguard.
Do not alter the product or add non-standard materials to it unless approved in writing by Sureguard.
Do not use an extension cord with an outdoor product. If necessary, have a qualified electrician install an outlet near the product.
6.0 Disclaimer Notices
No performance guarantee is offered for any control device that Sureguard sells. Pets, animals, birds, rodents, snakes, etc., all have natural instincts, behaviours or motivations that may be modified by the use of control devices. However, the degree of improvement and how long this may take or persist cannot be predicted or guaranteed.
The purchaser must not use the product for other than its intended purpose.
All of Sureguard’s published content is subject to change without notice.
The Sureguard website includes user posted content that is the opinion of the user. Sureguard publishes this content for the benefit of other consumers but does not endorse user views. The Moderator may clarify misinformation by placing additional comments preceded by: [EDITOR:...]. The Moderator may also disable content that is deemed unsuitable; for example: that has inaccurate content, objectionable language, is inappropriate to the product or off-topic.
The Sureguard website provides links to other websites. These external information sources are outside Sureguard’s control and do not represent an endorsement of any company or organization linked-to from Sureguard’s website.
The Law in Australia relating to the use of "static pulse" or "electronic collars" varies from State to State. You must check your State Legislation before making any decisions about these products. (Here is a link to RSPCA which publishes details of various Australian State Regulations from time-to-time: https://kb.rspca.org.au/what-is-the-australian-legislation-governing-animal-welfare_264.html ).
Environmental protection: Please recycle unwanted materials by taking them to your local recycling centre and disposing of them in an approved environmentally safe way.
6.1 Disclaimer Notices - Export Sales
Products exported may be subject to importation Duty and Tax. These expenses are the responsibility of the purchaser.
Cookies are used by this website. No personal information is collected by or stored in cookies. By using this website you consent to this cookie policy.
Copyright © Sureguard Pty Ltd