https://www.duravant.com/global-privacy-policy.html
Duravant LLC Global Privacy Policy
Duravant LLC and its direct and indirect subsidiaries and each of their directors, officers, employees, and authorized representatives (collectively, "Duravant") respect your privacy. This Global Privacy Policy describes the types of personal information we collect, how we use the information, with whom we share it, and the choices you can make about our use of the information. We also describe the measures we take to protect the security of the information and how you can contact us about our privacy practices. Our privacy practices may vary among the countries in which we operate to reflect local practices and legal requirements. As used herein, all references to "Web Site" may include, individually, all and/or in any combination, of Duravant’s and our direct and indirect subsidiaries’ web sites and any other website produced, managed and maintained by Duravant. The current list of Duravant websites can be found here. Submitting information is strictly voluntary. By doing so, you are giving Duravant your permission to use the information in accordance with this Global Privacy Policy. If you do not want to give Duravant permission to use your information, simply do not provide it. However, not providing certain information may result in Duravant's inability to provide you with the information or services you desire.
YOUR CONSENT
This policy is global in nature and governs our data protection practices whether we collect your personal information through one of our Web Sites, through application software or through other means. When we collect information about you other than through one of our Web Sites, we will first obtain your informed consent to do so, if and as required by applicable law. However, by using any Duravant Web Site on which this policy is posted, you agree that this policy governs our collection, use, and disclosure of any personal information submitted to us on or through that Web Site. If you do not agree to be bound by this policy, you may not access or use our Web Sites and/or use our application software. If you do agree to be bound by this policy and consent to the submission of your personal information you may withdraw such consent at any time by contacting Duravant’s Data Protection Officer as described in this policy.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Duravant collects information about you from various sources. For example, we may have a direct relationship with you, and you may choose to provide personal information to us in connection with that relationship. You may choose to submit information to us, for example, on our Web Sites, in connection with use of our products, services or applications software, when you participate in an offer or promotion, or in connection with an actual or potential business or employment relationship with us. We also may obtain information about you from companies that use our products or services, publicly available information systems, consumer reporting agencies, and commercial information services. The types of personal information we may obtain are:
Contact information (such as name, postal or e-mail address, and phone or fax number)
Business contact information (such as job title, department and name of organization, business address, e-mail address, mobile telephone number)
Country of origin information (from which country you are accessing the Web Site)
Usernames and passwords used to access Duravant resources
Financial information (such as financial account information used for payment purposed and/or information that may be contained in a consumer report)
Contact information for referrals or other individuals you would like us to contact
Content you provide (such as photographs, articles and comments)
Employment information (such as employment history, employee number, performance appraisals, salary and benefits)
Mobile device unique identifier
Social Media identifier (such as Facebook, LinkedIn or Twitter Identification)
Geo-location data
Other information (such as language preference)
We also collect certain information by automated means. For example, we collect information that is sent to us automatically by your Web browser when you visit our Web Sites, or though applications software that you have downloaded. This information typically includes your IP address, the identity of your Internet service provider, the name and version of your operating system, the name and version of your browser, the date and time of your visit, the pages you visit, your location and your mobile device unique identifier. We also use "cookies" and other Web technologies to collect information and support certain features of our Web Sites. For example, we may use these technologies to collect information about the ways visitors use this Site—which pages they visit, which links they use, and how long they stay on each page. The information we collect from your Web browser and from cookies and other Web technologies does not identify you personally but in some cases we may link it to personally identifiable information.
HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We may use the information we obtain about you to:
provide the information, products and services you request;
provide you, if you are a consumer, with effective customer service;
provide our customers and carriers with shipment information such as location;
provide you with a personalized experience when you use our Web sites;
contact you with special offers and other information we believe will be of interest to you (in accordance with any privacy preferences you have expressed to us);
contact you with information and notices related to your use of our products and services, including our Web sites;
invite you to participate in surveys and provide feedback to us (in accordance with any privacy preferences you have expressed to us);
better understand your needs and interests;
improve our products and services and develop new products and services;
improve our marketing and promotional efforts;
improve the content, functionality and usability of the Web sites;
evaluate your interest in employment and contact you regarding possible employment with Duravant
help you, if you are a Duravant employee, perform your job functions and to manage our workforce;
enforce our Web sites' terms of use;
promote compliance with applicable legal requirements, industry standards, and corporate policies;
promote security; to protect against and prevent fraud, claims and other liabilities; and to manage corporate risk exposure; and
use for any other purpose about which we provide notice at the time of collection.
We store the personal information we collect about you until we determine that we have no further use for such information.
INFORMATION WE SHARE
We do not disclose personal information we collect about you, except as described herein or otherwise disclosed to you at the time the data is collected.
We share information to perform activities that you request. For example, we may share the personal information we collect with our affiliates, or to cooperate with an authorized law enforcement or regulatory investigation.
If you are performing services directly or indirectly for us and using an application provided by us, then we may collect information for the purpose of providing information to our carriers and customers.
We may also share your personal information with third-party vendors that perform tasks on our behalf and under our instruction. These third-party vendors may use your personal information only in connection with the services they perform on our behalf and they are bound to protect your personal information in a manner consistent with our own policies and practices.
On our Web Sites, you may have an opportunity to post user-generated content using social networking tools available on those sites. If you take advantage of this opportunity, remember that the user-generated content you post is available to others who visit the Web Site and therefore you should have no expectation of privacy with respect to such content. In addition, you may choose to use certain features on our Web Sites for which we partner with other entities. These features, which may include social networking and geographic location tools, are operated by third parties that are not affiliated with Duravant. These third parties may use personal information in accordance with their own privacy policies. On sites on which these features are offered, the relevant third parties are identified. We strongly suggest you review the third parties' privacy policies if you use the relevant features.
We may also disclose information about you when we, in good faith, believe disclosure is appropriate to comply with the law, a court order, or a subpoena. We may also disclose information about you to prevent or investigate a possible crime, such as fraud or identity theft; to protect the security of our Web Sites; to enforce or apply our Web Sites' terms of use or other agreements; or to protect our own rights or property or the rights, property or safety of our users or others.
We also reserve the right to transfer information about you to a successor organization if, for example, we transfer the ownership or operation of one of our Web Sites to another organization or if we merge with another organization. If such a transfer occurs, we will use reasonable efforts to direct the transferee to use personal information you have provided to us in a manner consistent with this policy. Following such a sale or transfer, you may contact the entity to which we transferred your personal information with any inquiries concerning the processing of that information.
YOUR RIGHTS AND CHOICES
You may have certain rights regarding the personal information we maintain about you. We offer you certain choices about what personal information we collect from you, how we use that information, and how we communicate with you.
You may refrain from submitting information directly to us, although doing so may impact our ability to provide the products, services, and information you request and/or affect your ability to use applications software.
You may elect not to have a unique cookie identification number assigned to your computer to avoid aggregation and analysis of data collected on our Web Sites. Generally, if you do not wish to receive cookies, you may set your browser to reject cookies or to alert you when a cookie is placed on your computer. Although you are not required to accept cookies when you visit our Web Sites, you may be unable to use all of the functionality of our sites if your browser rejects our cookies.
We typically offer you an opportunity to choose whether you want to receive certain communications from us, generally by offering an "opt in" or an "opt out," depending on applicable law, when you first provide contact information through one of our Web Sites. In addition, we will include an "unsubscribe" link in each electronic newsletter or promotional e-mail we send you, so that you can inform us that you do not wish to receive such communications from us in the future.
When accepting the terms of use/end user license agreement for applications software, you must opt in to collection of data from your mobile device in order for the applications software to work properly.
If you are located in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, these jurisdictions define personal information more broadly than in the United States. Personal data for purposes of these jurisdictions means any information relating to an identified or identifiable person. You may direct us not to share your personal data with third parties, except (i) with service providers we have retained to perform services on our behalf, (ii) in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets, (iii) if disclosure is required by law or legal process, (iv) with law enforcement authorities or other government officials, or (v) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss, or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual fraud or other illegal activity. If you are located in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, we use your personal data only for the purposes indicated in this policy unless we have a legal basis, such as consent, to use it for other purposes. Where required by law, Duravant obtains your prior opt-in consent at the time of collection for the processing of (i) personal data for marketing purposes and (ii) personal data deemed sensitive pursuant to applicable law.
Subject to applicable law, you may have the right to request access to and receive information about the personal data we maintain about you, update and correct inaccuracies in your personal data, and have the information blocked or deleted, as appropriate. We will respond to such requests within a reasonable time and, in any case, within the time limits established by applicable law. We may ask you for additional information to verify your identity. In most cases, we will provide access and correct or delete any inaccurate information you discover. In some cases, however, we may limit or deny your request if the law permits or requires us to do so or if we are unable to verify your identify.
To update your preferences, ask us to remove your information from our mailing lists or submit a request, please contact us as specified below.
DATA TRANSFERS
We may transfer the personal data we collect about you to countries other than the country in which the information was originally collected. Those countries may not have the same data protection laws as the country in which you initially provided the information. When we transfer your information to other countries, we will protect that information as described in this policy.
If you are located in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, we comply with applicable legal requirements providing adequate protection for the transfer of personal information to countries outside of the EEA or Switzerland. Duravant has certified that it abides by the Privacy Shield as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, storage, use, transfer, and other processing of personal data transferred from the EEA or Switzerland to the United States. Click here to view our Privacy Shield Policy. For more information about the Privacy Shield, visit www.privacyshield.gov.
The Duravant entities found here may process personal data provided from the Websites and jurisdictions outside of the United States and/or may be considered the responsible party or Controller under your local law.
HOW WE PROTECT PERSONAL INFORMATION
Duravant maintains reasonable and appropriate measures to protect Data Subjects from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosures, alterations and destruction taking in to account the risk involved in the processing and the nature of Personal Data. Unfortunately, no site, server or database is completely secure or "hacker proof." We therefore cannot guarantee that information about you will not be disclosed, misused or lost by accident or by the unauthorized acts of others.
USE OF OUR WEB SITES BY CHILDREN UNDER THE AGE OF THIRTEEN
Unless otherwise noted on a particular site, our Web Sites are not intended for children under the age of thirteen years without the permission of a parent or guardian. If you believe that a child has submitted personally identifiable information on or through our Web Sites without the consent and supervision of a parent or guardian, please contact us using the information provided below so that we can take appropriate action.
LINKS TO OTHER WEB SITES
Our Web Sites may provide links to other sites for your convenience and information. These sites may operate independently from Duravant. Linked sites may have their own privacy notices or policies, which we strongly suggest you review. In addition, a link to a non-Duravant site does not mean that Duravant endorses or accepts any responsibility for the content, or the use, of such site. It is up to you to take precautions to ensure that whatever you select for your use is free of such items as viruses, worms, Trojan horses and other items of a destructive nature. Duravant is not liable for the privacy practices or the content of other sites and to the extent any linked sites you visit are not owned or controlled by Duravant, we are not responsible for the sites' content, any use of the sites, or the privacy practices of the sites.
UPDATES TO OUR GLOBAL PRIVACY POLICY
This Policy describes Duravant's current data protection policies and practices. We reserve the right to update it periodically to reflect changes in those policies and practices. When we do, we will provide notice to you in accordance with any legal obligation to do so and post the revised version behind the link marked "Global Privacy Policy" at the bottom of each page of our Web Sites. We will also indicate at the top of the policy when it was most recently updated.
HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have any questions or comments about this policy, or if you would like us to update information we have about you or your preferences, you may contact us using the information below. Please make all inquiries or requests regarding your information in English so we can respond to and resolve requests.
Corporate Data Protection Officer
Duravant, LLC
3500 Lacey Road, Suite 290
Downers Grove, Illinois 60515
United States
Data.protection@duravant.com
Tel. 630.635.3910
Duravant has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the EU-US Privacy Shield Principles and Swiss-US Privacy Shield Principles to an independent recourse mechanism, BBB EU PRIVACY SHIELD, operated by the Council of Better Business Bureaus (“BBB”). Duravant has further committed to cooperate with the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs) and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) with regard to unresolved Privacy Shield complaints concerning human resources data transferred from the EU and Switzerland in the context of the employment relationship. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed by Duravant, please visit www.bbb.org/EU-privacy-shield/for-eu-consumers/ for more information and to file a complaint at no cost to you.
In addition to the above dispute resolution mechanisms, Data Subjects may invoke binding arbitration if their complaint is not resolved by the BBB or by the Department of Commerce after referral from the relevant data protection authority in the EEA or Switzerland. For more information about binding arbitration, visit https://www.privacyshield.gov.
Pursuant to the Privacy Shield, Duravant remains liable for the transfer of personal data to third parties acting as our agents unless we can prove we were not a party to the events giving rise to the damages.
Duravant is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission.
Effective May 25, 2018