http://www.talentkeepers.com/privacy-policy/
407-660-6041 Solutions@TalentKeepers.comMember Login 0 Items TalentKeepers’ Privacy PolicyEffective on: November 29, 2006 TalentKeepers is committed to respecting your privacy, and providing a secure environment in which you can participate in on-line activities is important to us. This Privacy Policy is designed to assist you in understanding how we collect, use and safeguard your personal information and to assist you in making informed decisions when using our site and our products and services. We ask that you take time to read it carefully. We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect new uses, rules, regulations or technologies that impact your privacy. We recommend that users review our Privacy Policy on a routine basis to view any changes. This Privacy Policy applies to this site and governs data collection and usage at this site. Please read it in its entirety.THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND HOW IT IS USEDYou make the decision whether or not to proceed with any activity that requests personally identifiable information, but please be aware that if you choose not to provide the information requested, you may not be able to complete certain activities with TalentKeepers.In order to have subsequent communications with you and to continually improve TalentKeepers offerings, we may also ask you to provide information regarding your professional interests, demographics, and contact information including name, e-mail address, work telephone numbers, fax number and a physical postal address. We do, however, provide our users a choice as to whether or not they would like to receive these communications. Please see Choice.Users may from time to time receive up-to-date information on products and services via e-mail. Users may opt-out at any time from receiving these communications. Please see Choice.We also periodically ask you to complete surveys focusing on your views of employee retention behaviors of other employees as well as surveys meant to provide feedback on our products and services. Any personally identifiable information submitted in response to a survey will remain strictly confidential, subject to the provisions of this Privacy Policy.As is true of most Web sites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes Internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, referring pages, date/time stamp, and click stream data. We use this information, which does not identify individual users, to analyze trends, to administer the site, to track users’ movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We do not link this automatically-collected data to personally identifiable information.Cookies: We may use “cookies” to recognize you and your access privileges on TalentKeepers Web site, as well as to trace site usage. Cookies are small bits of data that a Web server stores on a user’s computer. Cookies have become a valuable way to keep track of a visitor’s movements on a website, as well as a convenient method to customize content based on a visitor’s past preferences. A Cookie allows a Website to “recognize” and “remember” individual website visitors by storing files on their browsers with a record of the last visit. Cookies cannot be used to “see” any other data on the user’s computer, nor can they determine the user’s email address or identity. Cookies are also files containing information about visitors to a Web site. This information can include the visitor’s username, preferences, and other information. The information is collected by the Web server and delivered to the visitor’s computer during the first visit to a Web site. The server records the information in a text file and stores it on the visitor’s hard drive. At the beginning of each subsequent visit, the server reads this information and configures itself based on the information provided.CHOICEWe may use your personally identifiable information for purposes not directly related to requests or inquiries you have made in order for you to receive e-mail communications from TalentKeepers, unless you direct us not to do so by opting-out at the point where the information is collected. Additionally, you may opt-out from any particular Secondary Use of your personally identifiable information collected online at any time by contacting Webmaster@talentkeepers.com.SHARING OF INFORMATIONTalentKeepers does not sell, trade, nor transfer User Information with third parties.Except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy, we will keep your personally identifiable information private and will not share it with third parties, unless such disclosure is necessary to: (a) comply with legal process (such as a court order) or other legal requirements of any governmental authority; (b) protect our rights or property; (c) protect the interest of users of the site, other than you, or any other person; or (d) operate or conduct maintenance and repair of our services or equipment, as authorized by law.Not withstanding the foregoing, TalentKeepers may transfer, sell or assign information concerning your use of this site, including without limitation, personally identifiable information, to third parties, as a result of the sale, merger, consolidation, change in control, transfer of substantial assets, reorganization or liquidation of TalentKeepers. See Choice.LINKSTalentKeepers may provide you with links to other sites. Please be aware that TalentKeepers is not responsible for the privacy practices of these sites. TalentKeepers does not endorse them or make any representations about them or any information, services, products or materials found on them. If you decide to access any of the third party sites through links, we strongly encourage you to read their privacy statements.DATA SECURITYTalentKeepers is committed to ensuring the security of your information. We use encryption technology, privacy protection controls and restrictions on employee access in order to safeguard your personally identifiable information.Every TalentKeepers employee must abide by our Privacy Policy. Only authorized employees will have access to your personally identifiable information and such access is limited to a need-to-know basis. If, for example, you call us with a concern or complaint, the TalentKeepers representative is allowed to access the personally identifiable information that s/he requires to address your particular concern.We will take reasonable steps to safeguard personally identifiable information we collect from unauthorized access or disclosure and accidental loss, alteration or destruction. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personally identifiable information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or from our online services, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission, we make reasonable efforts to ensure security on our systems.HOW TO ACCESS AND CORRECT YOUR INFORMATIONTalentKeepers strives to keep your personally identifiable information accurate and up-to-date. Should you find inaccuracies in your personally identifiable information and wish to amend, correct or delete the same, please contact us through one of the communication methods described below in Section 10, Contacting Us. TalentKeepers will respond to requests to update personally identifiable information within 30 days of the receipt of the request.To opt out of all future correspondence from TalentKeepers, please submit an email request to Webmaster@TalentKeepers.com. Your request will be met within 10 business days.NOTIFICATION OF CHANGESTalentKeepers reserves the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy. In the case of such changes, a notice will be posted on our web site notifying all users of the change.ACCEPTANCE OF PRIVACY POLICYBy using the site, you signify your assent to our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, please do not use our site. Your continued use of this site following posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes.PRIVACY SHIELD FRAMEWORKSFor more information on TalentKeepers certification under Privacy Shield for data transferred from the European Union and Switzerland to the United States, please review our Privacy Shield Statement.CONTACTING US WITH COMMENTS AND CONCERNSWe welcome your comments. Should you have any questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy, please contact us:via e-mail at: Webmaster@TalentKeepers.com,or by mail to: TalentKeepers, Attn: Webmaster, 280 West Canton Avenue Ste. 100 Winter Park FL 32789
//LinkedIn
//End LinkedIn