https://www.fundingpost.com/terms.asp
Terms Of Use
Please read these terms and conditions carefully. By accessing this site
and any pages thereof, you agree to
be bound by the terms and conditions listed here. If you do not agree to
these terms and conditions, do not
proceed to access this site or any pages thereof. FundingPost.com
reserves the right to modify these
terms and conditions at any time without notice. Your continued use of
this Site will mean that you have
accepted the following terms and conditions and any subsequent
modifications.
Service
After you complete your company profile and are ready to raise capital
from our Venture Capital and Angel Investor network, you can choose to
activate your company profile. If you want FundingPost to activate and
showcase your company profile to its venture capital and angel investor
network, the fee will be $100 for the initial 3 month listing. After the
initial 3 month listing you will be billed $33 a month for as long as you
wish to remain in our investor network. Active business profiles are
showcased to the thousands of Venture Capital funds and Accredited Angel
Investors within our funding / corporate finance network.
You may cancel your monthly subscription anytime by calling 860-261-2322.
Disclaimer
Please note, company listings on this site are only suitable for
accredited investors who are familiar with and willing to accept the
high risk associated with private investments.
Any Investor who intends to utilize this Web site must be an accredited
investor.
There has been no investigation to the accuracy of any
information or terms contained herein. There may be errors in the
information posted on this site and we strongly suggest that you seek
legal counsel prior to commencement of any potential transaction. All
materials reviewed on this site are strictly for informational purposed
only.
FundingPost.com and its affiliated companies are not a
registered Securities Broker or Dealer or any other entity regulated
under the securities law.
FundingPost.com and its affiliated
companies do not sell or offer to sell any securities and no information
contained on this site is intended to constitute or to be interpreted as
any such offer.
Any investor requesting to contact a company listed
within the site, does so at its own risk and is solely responsible for
conducting any legal, accounting or due diligence review.
Consent
By using our Internet site, you consent to the collection and use of
customer information by
FundingPost.com pursuant to the terms of the FundingPost.com privacy
policy which is set forth herein.
In the event our privacy policy is modified, any changes will be posted
on this site so that you are always
aware of the information we collect, how we use it, and under what
circumstances we disclose it. The
information and materials contained in these pages - and the terms,
conditions, and descriptions that appear
- are subject to change. Your eligibility for financing is subject to
final determination and acceptance by the
entity providing such products or services.
Copyright
Your monthly subscription gives you access to all of the content on our
network including videos of our events and conference calls with investors.
This site is protected by international copyright law. All rights are
reserved. Copyright in the content, in the
screens displaying the content, and their arrangement, is owned by
FundingPost.com unless otherwise
indicated. The content and data found on this Site may not be
redistributed, copied, sold, transferred, or
modified, without the express written permission of FundingPost.com.
De-compilation, reverse engineering or disassembly of software used on
this site is strictly prohibited.
No Warranty
The information contained on this site, including any text, graphics or
other material, is provided on an "as is,
as available" basis. FundingPost.com does not guarantee the accuracy,
adequacy or completeness of the
information appearing at this site and expressly disclaims liability for
any errors or omissions in this
information. FundingPost.com specifically disclaims all warranties,
express or implied - including but not
limited to the warranties of non-infringement of third party rights,
title, merchantability and fitness for a
particular purpose.
Limitation Of Liability
In no event will FundingPost.com be liable for any loss of profit or
any other commercial damages,
including without limitation direct or indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential or other indirect damages,
losses or expenses arising out of or in connection with the use of this
site or including without limitation,
claims arising from malfunction or defects in the site or related
software or inability to access or use the site
by any party, or in connection with any failure of performance, error,
omission, interruption, defect, delay in
operation or transmission, computer virus or telecommunications or
system malfunction.
Links
The FundingPost.com site may contain links to other World Wide Web
sites or frame information from
third-party sites. FundingPost.com is not responsible for, and does
not endorse or guarantee the accuracy
of the content or merchantability of products or displayed or described
on linked sites, nor does it endorse the
entities sponsoring those sites. Linking to this site or framing any of
the materials contained on this site
without the prior written permission of FundingPost.com is strictly
prohibited.
Using Our Blank Transaction Forms
The documentation of any financial transaction will necessarily vary
depending upon the circumstances and
the financing and service provider(s) involved. Accordingly, the sample
documents on this site may not be
suitable for a particular transaction without review and modification to
reflect all the facts and circumstances
affecting that particular transaction, including the effect of local
laws and regulations and recent
developments in the law.
These sample documents are for illustration purposes only. They should
never be used without review by
your investment advisor and legal counsel.
Terminating Access Or Relationship
FundingPost.com reserves the right to terminate your access to this
site in its sole discretion, including,
without limitation, for overuse or abuse of this site.
FundingPost.com reserves the right to remove customer information from
its databases and to cease
efforts to identify sources of capital for any customer which has
provided false or misleading information to FundingPost.com or its
financing and service providers.
Encryption
FundingPost.com uses some of the best security technology available.
Unfortunately, as good as modern
encryption methods are, no data transmission over the Internet can be
guaranteed to be 100% secure.
FundingPost.com cannot ensure or warrant the security of any
information you transmit to us.
Questions?
If you have any questions or concerns regarding our legal policies,
please email us at info@FundingPost.com.
Next
Previous
"FundingPost allows the venture community to review many interesting deals in a short period of time. The consistent format allows VCs to quickly evaluate companies raising capital based on the criteria that's most important to them." - Deepak Kamra, Canaan Partners
"I know that I've invested in at least one deal associated with FundingPost events, and it's a great networking opportunity with the founders and the VCs that are there. I'm looking forward to this one!" - John Filla, Angel Investor, Houston Angel Network
"I just invested in a mobile company I met through FundingPost - Thanks!" - Jay Goldberg, Hudson Ventures
"Empire Angels has invested in two companies we met through FundingPost. This is a great forum for entrepreneurs to meet investors and we look forward to continued participation!" - Graham Gullans, Empire Angels
"FundingPost has provided Investors a great way to read company summaries from across the country, and entrepreneurs the opportunity to get in front of a lot of Venture Funds they wouldn't normally have access to." - Richard Irving, Pond Venture Partners
"I see CEO's get their PhDs in best practices for how-to-get-funded techniques. This is accomplished through FundingPost's well orchestrated and accomplished conferences - great for learning from and networking with the money sources."
- Jeanne M. Sullivan, StarVest Partners
"BP's Castrol innoVentures invested in a company we met through FundingPost - They are a great resource for Investors and entrepreneurs alike!" - Miriam C Eaves, BP's Castrol innoVentures
"As a result of the conference we attended in Miami, Caerus made one of its first Investments in a Florida-based company whose CEO we met because of the impressive network FundingPost has constructed. " - Zachary A. Cherry, Caerus Ventures LLC
"I am happy to be a member of FundingPost.com. We always find good prospects, and the interface is efficient and easy to use. Thanks for putting this together." - George Petracek, Atrium Capital
"The Las Vegas Investor RoundTable of December 2013 was a great event because I got to know many talented entrepreneurs in Las Vegas that I would not have met in person otherwise. After the event, I made an investment of $25,000 in a seed idea that is looking very promising! I am looking forward to future events and future investments in Las Vegas entrepreneurs." - Don Sorensen, Las Vegas Angel Investor