http://www.lilly.ie/en/terms-of-use.aspx
Careers
Investors
Patients
Contact Us
Worldwide
Argentina
Australia
Austria
Belgium
Brazil
Canada
Chile
China
Columbia
Costa Rica
Denmark
Ecuador
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Greece
Hungary
India
Ireland
Italy
Japan
Korea
Latin America
Mexico
Netherlands
Norway
Pakistan
Peru
Philippines
Russia
Singapore
South Africa
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Turkey
United States
Venezuela
AAA
Eli Lilly and Company
Home
About Us
Responsibility
Products
R&D
Lilly in Europe
Terms of Use
Your ConsentWelcome to a website of Eli Lilly and Company in Ireland ("Lilly"). By using this website (also referred to herein as the ‘site’), you agree to be bound by the following terms and all applicable laws and regulations. Your use of this site is also subject to the Privacy and Cookie Policy and Copyright Statement
Disclaimer This site and the content are provided "as is". Lilly, its licensors, and its suppliers, to the fullest extent permitted by law, disclaim any and all warranties, whether express or implied, statutory or otherwise. Specifically, Lilly, its licensors, and its suppliers make no representations or warranties about the accuracy, reliability, completeness, currentness, suitability or timeliness of the content, software, text, graphics, tools, links, or communications provided on or through the use of the website or Lilly, or on any site or sites "linked" to this site. Lilly makes no warranty that the site will be available, uninterrupted, error free, or free of viruses or other harmful components.
To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, in no event shall Lilly, its licensors, its suppliers, or any third parties mentioned on the website be liable for any damages or expenses of any kind (including, without limitation, compensatory, direct, indirect, incidental or consequential damages, loss of income or profits, or damages resulting from lost data or business interruption, loss of or damage to property or claims by third parties howsoever arising in connection with your use of this website) resulting from the use or inability to use the website or the content or any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, effect, delay in operation or transmission, computer virus, line system failure, loss of data, or loss of use related to the site or any web site operated by any third party, whether based on contract, tort, or any other legal theory, and whether or not Lilly is advised of the possibility of such damages. To discontinue use of the site is your sole and exclusive remedy.
The content of the website in no way is intended to be a substitute for professional medical advice and should not be interpreted as treatment recommendations. Neither the content nor any other service offered by or through this website is intended to be relied on for medical diagnosis or treatment. Always seek the advice of a health care professional with any questions you may have regarding a medical condition.
Links As a resource to our visitors, this site provides links to other web sites. However, because Lilly does not control the content of the other websites it may link to, and due to their constantly changing nature, Lilly is not responsible for the content, practices or standards of third-party sites. Lilly does not endorse the content on any third-party websites. Lilly is not responsible for the content of linked third-party sites, sites framed within the site, or third-party advertisements, and does not make any representations regarding their content or accuracy. Your use of third-party websites is at your own risk and subject to the terms and conditions of use for such sites.
Use and Disclosure of Information Except as expressly set forth on the site, if you submit any information to us, including any comments, remarks, suggestions, ideas, notes, drawings, graphics, concepts, or other information, you are giving that information, and all your rights in it, to Lilly free of charge and such information shall be deemed to be non-confidential and Lilly shall have no obligation of any kind with respect to such information and shall be free to reproduce, use, disclose and distribute the information to others without limitation other than the ones established by the Data Protection Act 1998 as amended by the Data Protection (Amendment) Act 2003 and any relevant privacy law or regulation, without your consent or any compensation to you or anyone else. Lilly shall be free to use any know-how or techniques contained in such information for any purpose whatsoever including but not limited to developing, manufacturing and marketing products incorporating such information. This is true whether you submit such information to us by e-mail, through a form on the site, on a bulletin board, or in any other manner. Lilly may from time to time monitor, review and, in its sole discretion, modify or delete any postings you make on the site however, Lilly is not obligated to do so.
Using the Site/Security You agree not to submit or transmit any material that is unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, profane, or might in any other way violate any law, regulation, or rule. You are solely responsible for any material you submit to the site. You further agree not to upload, email, post or transmit to, or distribute or otherwise publish through the site any material which disrupts the normal operation of the site, including posting or otherwise transmitting material that is not related to the subject at issue or otherwise restricts or inhibits any other user from using the site.
To obtain full access to the site, you may be required to complete a registration. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer. You accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password and such use shall be deemed to be use by you. You will ensure that all use of your account fully complies with these Terms of Use. Transfer of the account by you to any other person or entity is prohibited.
When using the site, information will be transmitted over a medium that is beyond the control and jurisdiction of Lilly and its suppliers. Accordingly, Lilly assumes no liability for or relating to the delay, failure, interruption, or corruption of any data or other information transmitted in connection with use of this site.
Restrictions Lilly is located in the Republic of Ireland. This site is intended for the exclusive use of residents of the Republic of Ireland. Lilly makes no representation that the materials on the site are appropriate or available for use in other locations. Access to the content may not be legal by certain persons or in certain countries outside of the Republic of Ireland. If you access this site from outside the Republic of Ireland, you do so at your own risk and are responsible for compliance with the laws of your jurisdiction. This site is not intended for or designed to attract individuals who are minors under the age of 18 years.
Disputes and Applicable Law These Terms of Use and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with it or its subject matter or formation (including any non-contractual disputes or claims) are governed by the internal substantive laws of the Republic of Ireland, without resort to its conflict of laws principles. If any provision of these Terms of Use is found to be invalid by any court having competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these Terms of Use. You expressly agree that the Courts of the Republic of Ireland shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute or claim with Lilly, or any dispute or claim relating to or arising out of your use of this site or any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with these Terms of Use, their subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims).
Entire Agreement Except as expressly provided in a particular "legal notice" on this site, these Terms of Use, the Copyright Statement and the Privacy and Cookie Policy constitute the entire agreement between you and Lilly with respect to the use of this site, and content.
Changes to Terms of Use Lilly may modify these Terms of Use at any time without notice to you. Lilly may terminate these Terms of Use, terminate your access to all or part of the site, or suspend any user's access to all or part of the site, at any time, without notice to you, if it believes, in its sole judgment, that you have breached or may breach any term or condition of these Terms of Use, or for its convenience. You may terminate this agreement at any time by destroying all materials received from the site and ceasing to use the site.
Terms of Use
Privacy
site map
Copyright © 2019
Eli Lilly and Company
Last Updated: 05/10/20 14:48:54
PP-MG-IE-0007 Sep-18
^
The link you clicked on will take you to a site maintained by a third party, which is solely responsible for its content. Eli Lilly and Company does not control, influence, or endorse this site, and the opinions, claims or comments expressed on this site should not be attributed to Eli Lilly and Company. Eli Lilly and Company is not responsible for the privacy policy of any third party web sites. We encourage you to read the privacy policy of every web site you visit.
Agreed
Cancel
You are about to be navigated to another website maintained by Eli Lilly and Company. We encourage you to read the privacy policy of every website you visit.
Agreed
Cancel
You are about to be navigated to another website maintained by Eli Lilly and Company. We encourage you to read the privacy policy of every website you visit.
Agreed
Cancel