http://www.stahls.co.nz/pages/privacy-policy
Cart
Your cart is currently empty.
Total:
$0.00
Checkout
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
Your privacy and security on the Internet is important to us. This privacy policy discloses what information we gather, how we use it, and how to correct or change it.
INFORMATION
We gather information about members and users of our website. This information includes:
personal information through your voluntary use of the Website and the purchase process (such as your first and last names and email and Postal address);
personal information, provided to us by you through any other method (including without limitation correspondence and discussions);
information collected by us through click tracking in relation to your use of the Website, including the content you upload and the content you access; and
Aggregated data, which tracks traffic to the Website; and cookies, which are pieces of information transferred to your computer hard drive for record keeping (such as your preferences on our Website).
SECURITY
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
USE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We will never sell or disclose your personal information to third parties.
We will use information we collect from you for the primary purpose for which it is collected and for such other secondary purposes that are related to the primary purpose of collection. We generally use personal information to complete transactions, processing and delivering of our products or services to you, help us manage and enhance our services and to communicate with you.
E-MAIL NEWSLETTERS AND OTHER NOTICES
It is our policy to send visual emails of certain products and or services and other Newsletter emails you elect to receive. In addition, we may send out promotional material to you promoting new or amended material on our site where we think that may be relevant to you. It is our policy to immediately remove any person from any mailing list upon the person’s request.
CREDIT CARD/ PAYMENT DETAILS
Payment for our Products or Services is done via Direct Credit through your own respective banker, which may ask you to provide further information (including credit or debit card details). This information is retained by your bank and will not be passed on to us. We advise you to read the Terms and Condition and Privacy Policy on your bank site for further information on what information will be required and the way they will use it.
COOKIES
Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored in a browser-related file on your computer’s hard drive when you use our Web site. Cookies are widely used on most major Web sites. Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you other than the data you choose to share with us.
We may use information contained in cookies to make assumptions about the user of the computer and to provide users of that computer with focused advertising that we believe may be of interest, based on that information.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of our website.
OTHER INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We collect and use additional information to carry out internal research on our users’ demographics, interests, and behavior to better understand and serve you. This information may include the URL that you just came from (whether this URL is on our site or not), which URL you next go to (whether this URL is on our site or not), what browser you are using, and your IP address.
If you post on our site, Facebook or other social media site about us or your experience with us, we may collect that information for the purposes of improving our service and the end user experience, this information may also be used as a testimonial applied to our website and used to promote our business.
ACCESS AND REMOVAL OF INFORMATION
You have the right to seek access to the personal information held about you and to advise us of any inaccuracy. There are some exceptions to this right set out in the Privacy Act. If you make an access request, we will ask you to verify your identity and specify what information you require.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
Our website may contain links to enable you to visit other websites of interest easily. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
UPDATES TO OUR INFORMATION PRACTICES
We reserve the right to change this policy. By continuing to use the Website, you agree to be bound by the amended policy. You should check from time to time to see if the policy has changed.
SERVICES
Screen Printing
Embroidery
Screen Printed Transfers
Digital Transfers
Sublimation
Supplies
Heat Transfer Products
Transfer Paper
Heat Presses
Vinyl Cutters
Screen Printing Ink
Do It Yourself Transfers
CUSTOMER SERVICE
Artwork Requirements
FAQ's
Privacy Policy
Returns Policy
Terms & Conditions
CONTACT
4 Kawakawa Place, Westgate, WhenuapaiAuckland 0814
Phone: 09 838 8046
Jason: jason@stahls.co.nzTim: tim@stahls.co.nzRebecca: reception@stahls.co.nz
Opening Hours: Monday - Friday 8.00 am - 4.30 pm
© Copyright Stahls Graphix all rights reserved. Shopify eCommerce by Pixelweb. Website prices are in NZ Dollars and exclude GST.
translation missing: en.general.search.loading
Compare Product