https://www.elmonterey.com/privacy-policy/
El Monterey
Privacy Policy
facebook
Contact us
Open search bar
Close search bar
Privacy Policy
General Terms and Conditions of Use
Welcome to the Ruiz Foods Website!
We here at Ruiz Foods (“Ruiz Foods”) have designed our site, www.elmonterey.com, to be fun, informative and useful to those interested in our exciting products and services. Our Site is designed to be interactive and user-friendly and we encourage feedback on how we can improve the Site to better serve your interests. In return for providing this Site, we ask that you review and agree to abide by the following Terms and Conditions (the “Agreement”). You acknowledge your agreement automatically when you use our Site. So be sure to review this Agreement and contact us at (800) 477-6474 or e-mail us at info@ruizfoods.com if you have any questions or comments.
Your Use of Our Site
Unless specified otherwise, your use of our Site is governed by this Agreement and the Ruiz Foods Privacy Policy, which is incorporated herein by this reference.. In using our Site, you are prohibited from modifying, distributing, transmitting, reproducing, publishing, licensing, transferring, or selling any information, products or services obtained or viewed on our Site. However, you may display, download, or print hard copies of any material contained on our Site for your own personal, non-commercial use as long as you do not modify the content or delete any copyright, trademark, or other proprietary notice. Any other use of the information contained on our Site is prohibited without our express written consent.
Information You Provide Ruiz Foods
Our collection and/or use of any information you provide while using or visiting our Site is governed by the Ruiz Foods Privacy Policy and this Agreement. By using our Site you grant us the rights contained therein. In using our Site you may not upload, distribute, or otherwise publish on our Site any information which may be viewed as obscene, defamatory, libelous, threatening, abusive, illegal, an invasion of privacy rights, or otherwise objectionable, or may constitute or encourage a violation of any law.
Except for that individually-identifiable information collected from you in accordance with our Privacy Policy, all comments, remarks, suggestions, ideas or other information communicated will become the exclusive property of Ruiz Foods. We are free to copy, disclose, distribute or analyze any such information for any and all purposes and are in no way obligated to compensate you for any such information.
Disclaimer of Warranties
OUR SITE AND THE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES OFFERED, INCLUDING ALL CONTENT, FUNCTIONS, MATERIALS AND INFORMATION MADE AVAILABLE ON OR ACCESSED THROUGH OUR SITE, ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS, AS AVAILABLE” BASIS WITHOUT ANY REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. WE DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE INFORMATION, SERVICES OR PRODUCTS OFFERED ON OUR SITE WILL BE TIMELY, SECURE, UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR FREE, OR THAT DEFECTS WILL NECESSARILY BE CORRECTED. WE MAKE NO WARRANTY THAT OUR SITE, SERVICES, OR PRODUCTS WILL MEET THE USER'S REQUIREMENTS, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ANY WARRANTIES OR GUARANTEES. IF YOU ARE DISSATISFIED WITH OUR SITE, SERVICES, OR PRODUCTS, YOUR SOLE REMEDY IS TO DISCONTINUE YOUR USE OF OUR SITE, SERVICES OR PRODUCTS. WE MAKE NO WARRANTY REGARDING ANY GOODS, PRODUCTS, OR SERVICES PURCHASED OR OBTAINED IN ANY MANNER THROUGH OR ON ACCOUNT OF YOUR USE OF OUR SITE. NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION OBTAINED BY YOU IN ANY MANNER FROM RUIZ FOODS SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY CONTAINED HEREIN. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES, AND SOME OF THE ABOVE EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. RUIZ FOODS EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY ENDORSEMENT OR WARRANTY OF ANY GOODS, SERVICES, OR PRODUCTS SOLD ON OR THROUGH OR OTHERWISE NOTED ON OUR SITE AND ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY MISREPRESENTATION OR BREACH COMMITTED BY ANOTHER USER OF OUR SITE.
Availability of Our Site
Our site is generally available to users Twenty-four (24) hours per day, Seven (7) days per week, Three Hundred Sixty-five (365) days per year. However, we retain the right to make our Site unavailable at any time, for any reason, and for any length of time. By using our Site you agree that we will not be liable for any damage arising out of or related to any such interruption, suspension, or termination of our Site and/or the services or products contained therein.
Your Agreement to Abide by All Applicable Laws
By using our Site you agree to comply with any and all local, state, federal, or international laws, statutes, and regulations that relate in any manner to the use of our Site and the services or products contained thereon.
Relationship Between Ruiz Foods and Users
Ruiz Foods and users of our Site are independent contractors, and no agency, partnership, employment or other relationship is intended to be created by the use of our Site.
Amendments of This Agreement
We may amend this Agreement at any time by posting such amendments on our Site. You should remember to review this Agreement periodically to become aware of any such amendments. Any amendment to this Agreement shall be effective upon posting on our Site. We reserve the right, for any reason, and in our sole discretion, to terminate, alter, suspend or discontinue any aspect of our Site or the services or products offered. We may also, for any reason, and in our sole discretion, restrict your access to any portion of our Site or the services and products offered.
Applicable Law
Any disputes arising our of or related to your use of our Site or any dispute relating to this Agreement or the Ruiz Foods Privacy Policy shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California. Any controversy shall be submitted to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of those courts located within Fresno County, California.
Indemnification
By using our Site, you agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Ruiz Foods and each of its directors, shareholders, subsidiaries, affiliates, sub-contractors, agents, and employees against any and all claims, liabilities, and damages incurred or allegedly incurred by any participating user, including, but not limited to, any product or service on our Site.
Entire Agreement
This Agreement and the Ruiz Foods Privacy Policy constitute the entire agreement and understanding between the user and Ruiz Foods with respect to the use of our Site and shall supersede and replace any and all prior written or verbal agreements.
Headings
The headings contained in this Agreement and the Ruiz Foods Privacy Policy are for reference only.
Miscellaneous
If any provision of this Agreement is declared unlawful, void or unenforceable, the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall remain in place.
Links to Other Sites
Our Site may contain links to other websites. We at Ruiz Foods do not control the materials contained on these sites and you access them solely at your own risk. The inclusion of a website link shall not in any manner constitute our endorsement or approval of any of the products, services, or information contained therein.
Thank you again for visiting the Ruiz Foods Website.
Privacy Policy
This website, www.elmonterey.com, (the “Site”) is owned and operated by Ruiz Foods, a California corporation (“Ruiz Foods”). Ruiz Foods has created this Privacy Policy in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to maintaining the privacy of information provided by visitors to our Site. We recognize the fact that many of the visitors to our Site are concerned about how we handle the information they provide us. Therefore, we have developed this Privacy Policy to address many of those concerns. Users of our Site are encouraged to occasionally review this Privacy Policy, as Ruiz Foods may periodically change or update it.
Types of Information Collected by Ruiz Foods.
At our Site, we may collect two types of information: (1) individually-identifiable information; and (2) aggregate information.
Individually-identifiable Information: Individually-identifiable information is information that relates specifically to the individual user of our Site. Such information may include, but is not limited to, the user’s name, e-mail address, company, physical address, contact and billing information, or transaction and credit card information. This individually-identifiable information is collected only if you voluntarily provide it. While we may not require you to provide such information in order to view the general content of our Site, we may require you to provide such information to, for example, enter promotional giveaways, receive information on new and exciting Ruiz Foods’ products, receive copies of our delicious recipes, or to purchase Ruiz Foods memorabilia. In providing such information, the more accurate and detailed information you volunteer, the better we will be able to service your needs. If you contact Ruiz Foods, we may keep a record of that correspondence. We may conduct surveys in connection with our Site or the services in which we may ask you to provide individually-identifiable information. We may use the information collected from such surveys to improve the features, functionality, appearance and content of our Site and its services. You are not required to participate in any surveys and may “opt out” of receiving any requests to participate in surveys as set forth below. A link to this Privacy Policy is included wherever we collect individually-identifiable information.
Aggregate Information: Aggregate information is information that is not individually-identifiable. Such information may include, but is not limited to the following, the number of users who visit our Site, the pages of our Site accessed by such users, recipes downloaded, the type of web browser and operating system you use, and the name of your Internet Service Provider. This information, unlike individually-identifiable information, is collected automatically when you visit our Site. This aggregate information may also be combined with aggregate information collected from other users. The collection of this aggregate information may also be used to improve the features, functionality, appearance and content of our Site and the services provided.
How Information Is Collected By Ruiz Foods.
Individually-identifiable Information: This information is collected directly from you and must be given voluntarily. We collect this information when you register on our Site.
Aggregate Information: This information, which is not individually-identifiable, is collected automatically when you visit our Site. The collection of this aggregate information is accomplished through our use of what are known as “cookies.” This technology is described in further detail below:
Cookies: A cookie is an element of data that is sent to your browser and stored on your hard drive by our Site so that we can remember something about you later. Typically, a cookie records your preferences when using a particular site. By recording your preferences when using our Site, we can enhance your online visit to our Site. The cookies do not contain individually-identifiable information nor do they profile your system or collect information about you from your hard drive. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you a chance to decide whether to accept it or not. By not accepting cookies, you may not be able to properly display some web pages or you may not be permitted to access certain information. Cookies may also be used to help us identify you and more readily access your account information. This will enable us to deliver better service to you. Cookies also assist in the measuring of certain traffic patterns, such as which areas of our Site you have visited, to help us better understand your visiting patterns. We may use this information to better personalize our content, banners and promotions and learn how best to tailor our Site to your needs. You may also disable your system to prevent the addition of cookies to your hard drive. However, your acceptance of cookies will allow you to take full advantage of our newest and most exciting features. Therefore, we recommend that when using our Site you leave the cookies turned on.
Information Shared By Ruiz Foods.
When you are visiting our Site and are asked for your individually-identifiable information, unless specifically stated otherwise, you are sharing that information only with Ruiz Foods. However, some Ruiz Foods’ services may be offered in conjunction with a partner company. In order to provide these products or services to you, it may be necessary for us to share your individually-identifiable information with that partner company. If a service or product requires us to share your individually-identifiable information, you will be notified and your permission sought. If you do not want your individually-identifiable information to be shared, you may choose not to allow the transfer.
How Information May Be Used By Ruiz Foods.
General Policy: We do not sell, transfer, or disclose your individually-identifiable information to any third party without your prior consent.
Exceptions to General Policy: There are two exceptions to this general policy: (1) Ruiz Foods will disclose any individually-identifiable information to appropriate third parties when we believe, in good faith, that disclosure is necessary to prevent a crime or an injury to either ourselves or another third party; and (2) Ruiz Foods will disclose any individually-identifiable information to third parties who provide support services to us, such as third parties that help us administer contests or promotional giveaways, analyze data, fill orders for products or services requested, or provide customer service.
Contests and Promotional Giveaways: Our Site may include contests or promotional giveaways, which you may participate in by entering such contests or giveaways either electronically or via regular mail, depending upon the rules of the particular contest. If we conduct such contests or giveaways and you agree to participate, we will use the individually-identifiable information you provide us for the purpose of conducting that contest or giveaway. For example, we may use your individually-identifiable information to contact you if you are a winner.
Questionnaires and/or Surveys: Our Site may include requests of you to complete questionnaires and/or surveys giving your opinion or attitudes on particular areas of interest to Ruiz Foods. We will use the results of these surveys and/or questionnaires to better understand your needs and the needs of other visitors to our Site. If you agree to participate in any questionnaire and/or survey, we will not request nor will we maintain any individually-identifiable information as a result of the questionnaire and/or survey, unless you specifically agree to provide that information.
Follow-up Contacts: We may specifically request that you allow us to add your individually-identifiable information to our mailing list (electronic or regular) when you register with our Site. This would allow us to contact you to provide you with, for example, marketing or promotional materials on Ruiz Foods and Ruiz Foods’ products. In addition, by allowing us to contact you in the future, we may better serve your needs by responding to comments or requests you have made while using our Site or contacting you in conjunction with our processing of any product or service you have requested through our Site.
Linked Sites: Our Site may include links to other websites (“Linked Site(s)”). We make reasonable efforts to ensure that Linked Sites send you and/or your children to content-appropriate sites on the Internet. However, websites and web addresses do change quickly, and we cannot guarantee the content of every Linked Site. Ruiz Foods does hereby expressly disclaim any and all responsibility and liability that may arise from your visiting and/or using these Linked Sites. The inclusion of any Linked Site does not constitute an endorsement by Ruiz Foods of any Linked Site or its content and is merely provided for the convenience of our users. Each Linked Site may have a different privacy policy that you should review to fully understand your rights when using that Linked Site. We do not share individually-identifiable information about our users with the owners or operators of any such Linked Site; however, we may provide aggregate information.
Children’s Privacy Policy.
Although our Site is a general audience website, its use is intended only for users eighteen (18) years of age or older. Children of all ages should always ask a parent for permission before sending any individually-identifiable information (such as name, e-mail address, or physical address) to anyone online. We do not collect individually-identifiable information from children under eighteen (18) years of age in any child-specific area of our Site. In addition, we do not send any direct e-mail offers to users who indicate that they are under the age of eighteen (18).
Security of Information You Submit to Ruiz Foods.
We have implemented various security measures to help protect against the loss, misuse and/or alteration of information under our control. The individually-identifiable information provided by you on our Site is secured by password protection, encryption and our internal processes which ensure that no unauthorized individual will have access to such information. While we strive to protect your individually-identifiable information and privacy, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you disclose online, and you do so at your own risk.
Your Ability to Opt Out of Receiving Further Communications From Ruiz Foods.
We provide you with the opportunity to opt out of receiving future communications from us, including notices of contests and promotional giveaways, newsletters, and periodic marketing notices offered by Ruiz Foods or our business partners. We also give you the opportunity to change the individually-identifiable information that you have provided. To opt out of receiving any further communication, to elect to receive or resume receiving certain communications, to modify any information you have provided, or to contact us regarding this Privacy Policy or our Site, you may:
Send e-mail to us at: info@ruizfoods.com
Call Ruiz Foods at (800) 477-6474
Send certified/return receipt requested mail to:
Ruiz Foods, Inc.
P.O. Box 37
Dinuba, CA 93618
Additional Information Regarding Our Site.
If for any reason you believe that we have not adhered to this Privacy Policy, please notify us immediately by any of the methods set forth above. We will do our best to respond to your concerns and, when appropriate, take steps to correct the problem. By using our Site, you signify your assent to this Privacy Policy.
Thank you for visiting our Site.
Try America's #1 frozen burrito! Subscribe to our email list for offers and info.