https://www.echoice.com.au/terms-of-use/
Toggle navigation
eChoice
1300 302 914
Get My Report
About
About eChoice
eChoice Stories
Mortgage Brokers
Lender Panel
Calculators
Home Loan Rates
Borrowing Power
Loan Repayment
Stamp Duty
Buying Costs
Guides
Home Loan Guides
Home Loan FAQs
News
Broker Careers
Contact
Get My Report
Terms Of Use
Privacy & Security
Cookie Policy
Terms Of Use
Credit Guide
Editorial Guidelines
Dispute Resolution
Finconnect (Australia) Pty Ltd ABN 45 122 896 477 Trading as “eChoice” provides Mortgage Broking services to consumers and Aggregation services to Finance Brokers and other intermediaries.
These Terms of Use (Terms) govern your use of eChoice.com.au, Finconnect.com.au and all related websites but not limited to these websites (Website).
Please read these Terms carefully, by using this Website you are agreeing to these Terms. Finconnect reserves the right to change or modify these Terms.
1. Copyright and Trade Marks
The Website and all material is owned and copyright of Finconnect (Australia) Pty Ltd ABN 45 122 896 477 Trading as “eChoice” unless otherwise indicated. All other trademarks appearing on Finconnect’s Website are the property of their respective owners.
Finconnect authorises the use of its Website and material for personal purposes only, unless Finconnect provides written consent. All rights are reserved except as permitted under the Copyright Act 1968 (Cth) or other applicable laws. This Website and its content must not be reproduced, adapted, distributed, displayed, transmitted or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose that is not expressly permitted by us.
2. Disclaimer and Limitation of Liability
The purpose of the Website is to provide you with an information service. If you think you may need investment or financial advice, we suggest you approach a licensed investment adviser. You are also advised to consult with a financial representative prior to the execution of credit documentation with any financial institution. Nothing in our Website should be taken by you to be the giving of investment advice.
The Finconnect website is provided on an as is basis without warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including (but not limited to) warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose, other than those warranties which are implied by and incapable of exclusion, restriction or modification under the laws applicable to transactions conducted on the Finconnect Website.
The user expressly agrees that use of the Finconnect site is at the user’s sole risk. Neither Finconnect, its affiliates nor any of their respective employees, agents, third-party content providers or licensors warrant that Finconnect will be uninterrupted or error-free. Nor do they make any warranty as to the results that may be obtained from use of the Finconnect Website, or as to the accuracy, reliability or content of any information or service provided through the Finconnect Website.
This disclaimer of liability applies to any damages or injury from any cause including, without limitation, failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, computer virus, communication line failure, theft or destruction or unauthorised access to, alteration of, or use of record, whether for breach of contract, tortious behaviour, negligence or under any other cause of action. The user specifically acknowledges that Finconnect is not liable for the defamatory, offensive or illegal conduct of other users or their parties and that the risk of injury from the foregoing rests entirely with the user.
In no event will Finconnect, or its agents or affiliates be liable for any damages, including (without limitation) direct, indirect, consequential, special, incidental or punitive damages arising out of the use (or of inability to use) the Finconnect Website, and the user hereby acknowledges that the provisions of this section shall apply to all content on the Finconnect Website.
3. Third Party Websites
The Website contains links to other websites controlled by third parties (Third Party Websites). We are not responsible for any content on Third Party Websites nor endorse or approve such websites. If you choose to visit these Third Party Websites you do so at your own risk and should make your own enquiries before relying on any content contained on such Third Party Websites.
4. Cookie Policy
Cookies are text files that are downloaded to your computer or mobile device when you access a website. As you browse, cookies gather and store some information about the way you use that website. You can read more about Finconnect’s Cookie Policy here.
5. Privacy Policy
We take privacy seriously and are committed to ensuring the protection of your personal information, no matter where you are located. You can read more about Finconnect’s Privacy Policy here.
6. Governing Law
These Terms and all aspects of the Website are governed by the laws of the State of New South Wales in Australia. Disputes arising in connection with these Terms or the Website will be subject to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of New South Wales in Australia.
7. How to Contact Us
If you have any enquiries about these Terms of Use, please contact us.