https://www.wrightstyle.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to footerHome
Glazing Systems
Curtain Wall & Roof Glazing
Glazed Doors, Screens & Windows
Fabrications & Specialist Glass
Installation
Services
Quality Assurance
Technical Support
Training Support
About Wrightstyle
News
Newsletters
Articles
Press Releases
Job Vacancies
Gallery
Project Gallery – Hong Kong
Downloads
Contact
General Web Site Users, Customers & Suppliers
Introduction
Wright Style Ltd (Co.Reg. No. 03185096) takes your privacy very seriously. This Privacy Notice is intended to set out your rights and answer any queries you may have about your personal data. If you need more information, please contact: fire@wrightstyle.co.uk
The controller of your data will be Wright Style Limited. (WSL)
Our personal information handling policy and procedures have been developed in line with the requirements of the 1995 European Union Data Protection Directive (Directive 95/46/EC) and the General Data Protection Regulation (in force from 25 May 2018) and applicable national law.
1. What information do we collect?
We collect and process personal data about you when you interact with us and our products and when you purchase goods and services from us. The personal data we process includes:
your name;
your work address, email address and/or phone number;
your job title;
your payment and delivery details, including billing and delivery addresses, where you make purchases from us or we make purchases from you.
information related to the browser or device you use to access our website;
internet browser and operating system, our web site cookies – Google Analytics creates a cookie to track users visiting our website. The IP address is logged. Our website software: WordPress, creates a cookie if you fill out a comment, so we can see your comment. We don’t publish comments or your details from that comment on our website.;
our Web Hosting Service (34SP) and Website Administrators (Callia Web) have access to data collected via our Website.
Website contact form – your name and if provided by you your contact details of email and/or telephone number, company name, company address.
and/or any other information you provide
2. How do we use this information and what is the legal basis for this use?
We process the personal data listed in paragraph 1 above for the following purposes:
As required to establish and fulfil a contract with you, for example, if you make a purchase from us or enter into an agreement to provide or receive services or make a purchase for goods and/or services from you. This may include verifying your identity, taking payments, making payments, communicating with you, providing customer services and arranging the delivery or other provision of products or services. We require this information in order to enter into a contract with you and are unable to do so without it;
to comply with applicable law and regulation;
in accordance with our legitimate interests in protecting WSL’s legitimate business interests and legal rights, including but not limited to, use in connection with legal claims, compliance, regulatory and investigative purposes (including disclosure of such information in connection with legal process or litigation);
with your express consent to respond to any comments or complaints we may receive from you, and/or in accordance with our legitimate interests including to investigate any complaints received from you or from others, about our website or our products or services;
we may use information you provide to personalise (i) our communications to you; (ii) our website; and (iii) products or services for you, in accordance with our legitimate interests;
to monitor use of our websites and online services. We may use your information to help us check, improve and protect our products, content, services and website, both online and offline, in accordance with our legitimate interests;
Google Analytics creates a cookie to track users visiting our website. The IP address is logged. Google Analytics tracks website visitors’ IP addresses. We only use Google Analytics to assesses geography of users, and analyse numbers of visitors to site month by month.
Website Comments – the website holds the information you complete of your name, email address and comment. This is emailed to our office. If you have a query about our products/services we will contact you and keep your contact details whilst dealing with your query. If no further follow up, this info is deleted from our records after 1 year.
if you request a credit account, we may also use third parties (such as Experian and/or CMR/Atradius) to check your credit worthiness, in accordance with our legitimate interests and those of our credit/trade insurers;
we may monitor any customer account to prevent, investigate and/or report fraud, terrorism, misrepresentation, security incidents or crime, in accordance with applicable law and our legitimate interests;
We may also send you direct marketing in relation to relevant products and services, in the form of Newsletters. Electronic direct marketing will only be sent where you have given your consent to receive it, or (where this is allowed) you have been given an opportunity to opt-out. You will continue to be able to opt-out of electronic direct marketing at any time by following the instructions in the relevant communication.
3. With whom and where will we share your personal data?
We may share your personal data with the below third parties:
our professional advisors such as our auditors and external legal and financial advisors, HMRC;
search engine and web analytics.
Personal data may be shared with government authorities and/or law enforcement officials if required for the purposes above, if mandated by law or if needed for the legal protection of our legitimate interests in compliance with applicable laws. Personal data may also be shared with third party service providers who will process it on behalf of WSL for the purposes above. Such third parties include, but are not limited to, providers of website hosting and web maintenance.
In the event that our business or any part of it is sold or integrated with another business, your details will be disclosed to our advisers and those of any prospective purchaser and will be passed to the new owners of the business.
4. How long will you keep my personal data?
We will not keep your personal information for any purpose for longer than is necessary and will only retain the personal information that is necessary in relation to the purpose. We are also required to retain certain information as required by law or for as long as is reasonably necessary to meet regulatory requirements, resolve disputes, prevent fraud and abuse, or enforce our terms and conditions.
Where you are a customer, we will keep your information for the length of any contractual/financial relationship you have with us and after that for a period of 10 years.
Where you are a prospective customer and you have expressly consented to us contacting you, we will only retain your data (a) until you unsubscribe from our communications; or, if you have not unsubscribed, (b) while you interact with us and our content; or (c) for 5 years from when you last interacted with us or our content.
We will retain your data for a short time beyond the specified retention period, to allow for information to be reviewed and any deletion to take place. In some instances, laws may require WSL to hold certain information for specific periods other than those listed above.
5. Where is my data stored?
The personal data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”).  E.g. The U.K. post Brexit.
6. What are my rights in relation to my personal data?
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes by clicking the unsubscribe button on any communication we have sent to you or by contacting us.
Where you have consented to us using your personal data, you can withdraw that consent at any time.
If the information we hold about you is inaccurate or incomplete, you can notify us and ask us to correct or supplement it.
You also have the right, with some exceptions and qualifications, to ask us to provide a copy of any personal data we hold about you.
If you have a complaint about how we have handled your personal data, you may be able to ask us to restrict how we use your personal data while your complaint is resolved. In some circumstances you can ask us to erase your personal data (a) by withdrawing your consent for us to use it; (b) if it is no longer necessary for us to use your personal data; (c) if you object to the use of your personal data and we don’t have a good reason to continue to use it; or (d) if we haven’t handled your personal data in accordance with our obligations.
7. Where can I find more information about WSL’s handling of my data?
Should you have any queries regarding this Privacy Notice, about WSL’s processing of your personal data or wish to exercise your rights you can contact WSL’s Privacy Team using this email address: fire@wrightstyle.co.uk If you are not happy with our response, you can contact the Information Commissioner’s Office: https://ico.org.uk/
FooterDownloads
A list of all Wrightstyle Brochures and Data Sheets for download.
View Downloads
Accreditations
Request a callback
Request a Callback
EMAIL NEWSLETTER
Email Newsletter
First name
*
Last name
*
Email
*
Your data is collected and processed in line with our Privacy Policy
Connect with us
FacebookLinkedInTwitterYouTube
Home
Glazing Systems
Curtain Wall and Roof Glazing
Fire Resistant
Bullet Proof
Blast Resistant
Large Span
Sound Reduction
Thermal & Weather Performance
T-Series Curtain Wall
Glazed Door, Screen & Window
Fire Resistant & Smoke Resistant Doors
Sound Protection
Thermal & Weather Performance
Ballistic – Bullet Proof
Blast – Bomb Proof
Partition System – WSL FireSystem 100 Series
Fabrications & Specialist Glass
Installation
Services
Quality Assurance
Technical Support
Training Support
About Wrightstyle
News
Newsletters
Articles
Press Releases
Gallery
Downloads
Contact
Fire Resistant Glass
Bullet Resistant Glass
Bomb Resistant Glass & Blast Resistant