http://www.peticleanair.com/contact-us/privacy/privacy.html
Home
Cleanroom Systems
Conventional Cleanrooms
Modular Cleanrooms
Softwall Cleanrooms
Mobile Laboratories
Laboratories
Modular Labs
Mobile Labs
USP 797 & 800
Specialty Rooms
Dry Rooms
Cold Rooms
Cold Cleanrooms
Critcal Rooms
Isolator Rooms
Emergency Shelters
Wall Systems
Modular Wall Systems
Contact Us
About Us
Privacy & Confidentiality Agreement:
Home > Contact Us > Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Product Options
Other Options
Planning
Technical Data
Testimonials
For inquiries contact:
Pacific Environmental Technologies
135 Enterprise Court
Corona, CA 92882
Phone: 909.582.9306
Fax: 909.582.9946
Email: info@peticleanair.com
Privacy Policy:
Pacific Environmental Technologies, Inc. (henceforth referred to as 'We', 'Us', 'Our') respects your privacy and the
purpose for which our site visitors provide us information. We do not share, sell, or rent any
of the information collected to any third parties and do not intend to do so in the future.
Information Collected:
If you request or submit information to Us by sending an e-mail via the "mail to:"
function or filling out the "request for information" form, we may save your e-mail address and any accompanying information you provide.
This information may be used to contact you in the future via mail, e-mail, or phone to convey information about Our solutions or services that we feel may benefit you. Your e-mail and other information you provide
will not be sold or distributed to any third party.
Update Feb 06 2012 -- IP Tracking:
In response to recent attacks on our website and marketing campaigns, IP addresses are logged and retained until the end of the corresponding
calendar month. At the end of this month, offending IP addresses have site access restricted or denied, depending on severity. Offending IP
addresses are retained indefinitely, and may be used to restrict or deny access to any of our partner sites. All other IP address are
deleted at the end of each month.
Information Collected by Others:
This notice addresses only the policy of Our website and not the sites that users
access via links from our site. We are not responsible for the information collection
policies of other sites, nor for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our website, nor for the information or content contained
therein. Often links to other websites are provided solely as pointers to information on topics that may be useful to our visitors. Users are
advised to review the privacy policy of other websites.
Cookies:
Our website does not use cookies.
Updating, Correcting, and Deleting Personal Information:
If you would like to have your personal information removed from Our records, please send an
e-mail via the feedback form, with "Remove Personal Information" in the subject line. To update, change, or correct your personal information,
please send an e-mail via the feedback form with the appropriate changes.
Legally Compelled Disclosure of Information:
We may disclose information when legally compelled to do so; in other words, when We, in good faith, believe that the law requires it or for the protection of our legal rights.
Periodic Policy Changes:
Please note that We review our privacy practices
from time-to-time (i.e. to track technology and/or legal changes), and that these practices are subject to change. To ensure continuing
familiarity with the most current version of our privacy policy, please bookmark and periodically review this page.
This policy statement is made in the name of Pacific Environmental Technologies, Inc. and is effective as of December 14,
2007. This statement does not create an agreement between Pacific Environmental Technologies, Inc. and users, and as such,
does not create any legal rights for any party.
© 1997-2011 Pacific Environmental Technologies, Inc.
135 Enterprise Court, Corona, CA 92882
Ph: 951-582-9306 | Fax: 951-582-9946
To report technical issues or submit comments or suggestions about our website, please
email us.
Careers
About Us
Contact Us
Privacy
Articles
News
Sitemap
Home
Soft Wall Cleanrooms
Mobile Cleanrooms
Modular Cleanrooms
Commercial Walk In Freezers
Dry Room Cleanrooms