http://www.supportcollectors.com/privacy/
Privacy Policy
COVID-19 INFORMATION: Support Collectors is here to help during these difficult times. Read our full statement ›
Privacy Policy
Protecting your privacy and the security of your personal information is of extreme importance to Support Collectors. We believe that if you have entrusted us with the responsibility of collecting your support, we have an ethical and absolute commitment to ensure that you can do so without worry.
Information
There are two basic types of information that is shared on the internet.
The first is anonymous information that is collected in the background when you visit a website.
The second is personally identifiable information that you provide.
Support Collectors does collect both types of information with the goal being to maximize your experience on our website and to provide you the most innovative services available.
We believe it is important that you know how and why this is done.
Anonymous Information
When you visit most websites, including www.supportcollectors.com , certain basic information is shared that we call “anonymous” because it cannot be used to identify you personally.
This is done with “cookie” technology which has become an integral part of how the Web works today.
A cookie is tiny text file that allows our website to identify your browser.
They cannot search your computer, run programs or otherwise locate any personal information about your identity.
Their use is simply to help us understand which parts of our website are most popular, where our visitors are going, and how long they spend there.
This is valuable information we can use to figure out what works and what doesn’t work on our website so we can continue to make upgrades that will make your future visits even better.
We also use third-party web beacons from Yahoo!
A web beacon is an electronic file that allows access to certain cookies and counts users who have visited particular pages. No personally identifiable information about you is obtained or shared with other companies.
The information we gather from the web beacons helps us determine how to best reach out to other parent like you who need help collecting their support.
Personally Identifiable Information
When you apply for Support Collectors’
services, we ask for information about you and your case.
How much of this information you provide is completely up to you, but some of the information is necessary for us to move forward with enforcement of your case.
Other information is optional, but from experience we know it can be very helpful to our efforts.
While it may seem like we ask for a lot of information, be assured that we are asking only for information that is absolutely necessary.
Support Collectors has extensively reviewed its application to ensure that only questions that are completely relevant are asked.
Protecting your Personal Information
Support Collectors protects the security of the personal information you provide us with electronic and physical safeguards and company policies and procedures.
The Support Collectors’ website uses industry-standard Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption on all web pages where you have the option to provide personal information.
SSL allows our website and your browser to have a secure exchange of information by encrypting, or “scrambling” the data that is sent and received.
You can tell when the web page you are on is encrypted by the small padlock symbol that appears at the bottom of your screen.
This is the same type of protection you have when you make credit card purchases on-line.
Support Collectors keeps records about your case in both electronic and physical files. The electronic files are accessible to some of our employees via password-protected computers.
Likewise, the physical files are accessible to some of our employees and are kept in a secure, locked area.
It is strict policy at Support Collectors that only employees who have a real “need to know” in order to work your case have access to files containing your case information.
They will protect your personal information in accordance with the Support Collectors Privacy Policy.
Commitment to Your Privacy
It is our commitment to you that Support Collectors will take exceptional care protecting your privacy.
Each of Support Collectors’ employees is required to understand and abide by the following Privacy Policy:
Support Collectors will never share a client’s personal information with any outside party except as may be absolutely necessary to enforce the case.
Examples of acceptable sharing include preparation and issuance of enforcement documents or withholding notices that require we input specific information.
If it appears to be in a client’s best interest to use their personal information differently than stated in our policy, prior approval must be obtained from the client.
Only employees who have a legitimate need for access to personal or case information will be permitted access.
A client’s contact information, or information regarding the children, can never under any circumstance be shared with the other parent without the client’s prior consent.
Personal information will never be solicited or knowingly accepted from a minor.
After a case is closed, the case file will saved in a secure location for a period of at five years and the case file will then be permanently deleted from the SCI’s computer system and any physical materials shredded by a bonded, commercial shredding company.
A Name You Can Trust
Support Collectors has been helping families like yours for over 20 years. We're proudly rated A+ by the Better Business Bureau, and a member in good standing of the Child Support Enforcement Council.
Here's what our clients say:
Melissa M.
Collected $16,000
I thought I would never see a dime of what I was owed in back child support... After talking with Support Collectors, I felt more at ease and very comfortable with them handling my case.
Becky L.
Collected $26,000
With the help of Support Collectors, I am receiving the child support ordered by the court without having to reduce myself to a beggar. My daughters now have the money they need to have a home, food, and shelter.
Cheyenne D.
Collected $28,000
I want to thank you for the money you were able to collect for me.Without you I would have never gotten a cent. My only regret is that I didn't get you involved sooner in my case.
More Success Stories ›
Child Support Calculator
Quickly and easily calculate how much you may be entitled to in interest payments using our handy online interest calculator ›
Try the Calculator ›
State Resource Center
Looking for information on child support collection in your state? Our Child Support Resource Center provides detailed information on local laws, guidelines, and statutes of limitations.
State Resource Center ›
Get Started Today.
You've waited long enough. Let Support Collectors help you get the money you deserve. Our collections experts are ready to go to work for you, all you have to do is take the first step.
Get Started ›