https://www.extremetacticaldynamics.com/pages/privacy/
Home
Menu
PROMO OFFERS
HOLIDAY SEASON SALES EVENT
Categories
LED Light Bars
Visor Light Bars
Full Size Light Bars
Mini Light
Bars
Interior
/ Exterior LED Light Bars
Traffic
Advisor Light Bars
Off Road
LED Light Bars
Work and
Scene Lighting
Emergency Strobe Lights
Grille
and Surface Mounts
Grille and
Surface Mounts Multi Packs
LED
Dash Lights
LED
Dash Lights Multi-Packs
Hideaway
Strobe Lights
Hideaway
Strobe Lights Multi-Packs
Emergency
Light and Siren Bundles
Dual Color
Technology
Emergency Vehicle Sirens
Police Sirens
Siren Speakers
Siren
Bundles
Control
Boxes
Mounting
Brackets
Wiring
& Connectors
Emergency Lights By Profession
Law Enforcement
Police Lights
Undercover
Cop Lights
Amber
Strobes & Lightbars
Blue
Strobes & Lightbars
Red Strobes
& Lightbars
Red &
Blue Strobes & Lightbars
Emergency Services
Medical
Services: Ambulances, EMS
Fire
And Rescue Trucks
Volunteer
Fire Fighters
Shop By Vehicle Type
Police Vehicles
Police
Cars, Trucks, SUVs
Police
Motorcycles
Heavy Duty Commercial Vehicles
Construction
Vehicles
Tow
Trucks
Snow
Plows
Volunteer
Fire Fighters
Utility
Vehicles
Pilot
Cars & Escort Light Bars
Off Road Vehicles
All-terrain
Vehicles (ATV)
Jeep
Volunteer Fire
Fighters
Snowmobile
Off
Road Trucks
Standard Vehicles
4x4
Truck Lights
Jeep
Volunteer
Fire Fighters
LED
Strobes for Motorcycles
Car
Warning Lights
Shop By Color
Red Strobe Lights
Blue Strobe Lights
Amber Strobe Lights
Green Strobe Lights
White Strobe Lights
Shop All Colors
Emergency Vehicle Lights
Ambulance Lights and Sirens: How useful are they?
Emergency Vehicle Light Mount Types and Color Choices
Fire Truck Lighting and History
How to select the right Emergency Vehicle Light
Police Car Lights
Temporary Emergency Vehicle Lights
Upgrading Your Fleet Lights
Emergency Vehicle Sirens
Emergency Vehicle Sirens - Audible Warning Devices
Police Sirens
LEDs & Technology
LED Technology
How LEDs are Classified
Watts Vs. Lumens
LED Lens Type Choices
Automotive Industry Standards
Emergency Vehicle Light State Statutes
Emergency Vehicle Lights State Laws
State Move Over Laws
Can Civilians Use Emergency Lights
Amber & Construction Lighting
Amber Warning Lights Save First Responder Lives
Amber wins hands down!
IDOT Study on Warning Light Colors
Emergency Vehicle Warning Light Study in Texas
Work Vehicle Lights - Kentucky University Report
Customer Videos
Hideaway Light Videos
Interior and Exterior Videos
Light Bar Videos
Surface Mount Light Videos
Visor Light Videos
Dash Light Videos
Contact Us
LED Light Bars
Police Lights
Strobe Lights
Privacy Policy
Extreme Tactical Dynamics is an online retailer of LED emergency vehicle lights, sirens, and equipment. We have been in the business of selling emergency lighting to people all over the world for many years and are dedicated to offering the very best prices on LED warning lights, sirens, speakers, and installation accessories. Our website has been designed to offer the best emergency vehicle equipment on the market, demonstration videos, and resource articles. Below, you can find out exactly what information we may collect when you visit our website and how we use any of this information.
Our Commitment to Your Privacy
At Extreme Tactical Dynamics, we value your privacy. To better explain how we protect your privacy, we have created this privacy policy. In this policy, we explain our online information practices and choices that are available to you in regards to the way your information is gathered and used.
Personal Information
Extreme Tactical Dynamics collects personal information from you every time you visit our site, contact us by mail, e-mail, or phone. Additionally, we may also collect your information when you fill out requests, or request e-mail newsletters from us. The only information we collect from you includes the information you provide to us including your name, address, phone number, and e-mail. We also collect shipping and billing information and any other information you may volunteer.
Cookies
Like many other websites on the Internet, we receive and store some types of information automatically through “cookies.” Cookies are files that web browsers use and place on your computer’s hard drive. This enables us to track your experience on our sites, which allows us to provide you with a better shopping experience. If you want, you can set your computer up to reject cookies, but doing so may not allow you to take advantage of all of our site’s features.
Information Collection by 3rd Parties
From time to time, Extreme Tactical Dynamics may employ third parties to provide certain functions on our behalf. These functions could include:
Collecting information
Fulfilling orders
Analyzing data
Marketing assistance
Revising or generating customer lists
Under no circumstances will third parties place cookies on our site to track orders or revenue generated.
Information Usage
The information we collect is used to better serve our customers by making their online visits more enjoyable. We do so by responding to your requests, modifying areas that need to be improved upon, customizing your shopping experience and communicating with you for marketing purposes (such as providing you with special offers and notifying you of new product launches). We also use the information provided for shipping and billing purposes, we use non-personal information, technical data and information collected by third parties for internal business and marketing purposes, and to monitor site security.
Information Sharing
Information you share with us, we use to complete your orders. We will not share this information with outside parties, except when it is needed to complete an order.
We use information you provide to us about someone else only to ship an order and confirm delivery. We will not share information with any outside party, except when needed to complete an order.
Return email addresses are only used to answer emails we receive. These addresses are not used for any other purpose and won’t be shared with outside parties.
Lastly, we will never share personally identifiable information you provide to us, except in the ways we already described above. You will also always be given an opportunity to opt out of any of these uses.
Security Procedures in Place
Our customers are important to us! For this reason, we make online ordering very easy. We are also committed to protecting your privacy every step of the way.
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain our accuracy, and to ensure the correct use of information, we have put security measures into place. These measures include managerial procedures, physical procedures, and electronic procedures that are designed to keep your information safe.
If you ever have any questions about Extreme Tactical Dynamics’ security onsite, please feel free to contact us.
Children's Privacy
At Extreme Tactical Dynamics, we will never knowingly collect information from any child under the age of 13. Our products are not made for children and our targeted audience adults; not children.
Links
On our site, we may provide links to third party sites. We cannot be responsible for the content, information, or collection practices of those sites. For this reason, we strongly advise you to review the privacy policies of any web site you visit on the Internet.
Notification of Changes
If we change our privacy policy, we will post changes to this privacy statement, and any other places we deem appropriate. We may notify our customers as appropriate via e-mail and/or by posting a notice on this site.
Contact Information
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, you may contact us:
By Telephone: 888-893-3308
By Fax:
561-427-0979
By Mail: Extreme Tactical Dynamics 1410 Park Lane South Suite #4
Jupiter FL, 33458 By E-mail: Contact Us
If you would like to access your personally identifiable information, you can do this by contacting us by phone, email, or mail. We use this privacy procedure to help you safeguard your information.
If there is an error in your factual information, please send us a request showing the error. In order to protect your identity, we may take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access to personal information or making corrections.
From time to time, we send emails to some customers. If you want to opt out of our email program, please let us know.
As mentioned above, you can opt to not be included in mailing lists or email lists. If you do not want to be included in our online marketing efforts, please let us know by contacting us. Make sure to include your full name in the subject line. Requests can also be sent to us at 1410 Park Lane South #4, Jupiter FL 33458. We will process your request as quickly as possible, but you may receive additional contacts while we work to remove your name from our system.
We may also disclose personal and collected information if required by law or if we deem it necessary in order to protect the rights or safety of other site users, property, or employees. This could include exchanging information with third parties, organizations, fraud protection, and credit risk reduction. Personal information could also be disclosed in the context of a sale of some or all of our assets or in the purchase of another’s assets.
If you have any questions about our privacy policy or the way we collect, store, and share information, please feel free to contact us via the contact information above and we will be glad to provide you with the information you need.
**This privacy policy is effective 8/28/2015 and supersedes any other privacy policy created by our company.
×
I would like to receive communications about Extreme Tactical Dynamics products, services, promotions and events.
Email Address
Contact Information
Phone: 1-888-893-3308
Fax: 561-427-0974
Extreme Tactical Dynamics
1410 Park Lane South
Jupiter, Fl 33458
Office: 10am - 4pm Mon-Fri. Eastern
Policies & Information
Shipping Information
Return Policy
US Warranty
International Warranty
Customer Service
About Us
Government Purchase Orders
Knowledge Base
Blog
Contact Us
Terms & Conditions|Privacy Policy|Shipping Policy|Sitemap
© 2020 AspireSalesLLC, Extreme Tactical Dynamics.com. All Rights Reserved