http://www.jnrcollects.com/about-us/privacy-policy
HOMECONTACTS
Office InformationManagement TeamSales TeamPAYMENTSCLIENTSEMPLOYMENTABOUT US
Our HistoryManagement BiosJNR TodayGreen StatementJNR Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy
JNR Privacy Policy
Posted in Uncategorised
JNR Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy Overview
This Privacy Policy discloses the privacy practices of JNR Adjustment Company, Inc. (“JNR”, “us,” or “we”). We are committed to keeping personal information collected accurate, confidential, secure and private. Our privacy policy demonstrates our commitment to fulfill those privacy standards.
JNR’ website is located at www.jnrcollects.com (its "website") is not intended for individuals less than the age of eighteen and JNR does not knowingly collect data relating to individuals less than the age of eighteen.
Nothing in this Privacy Notice is intended to contradict your rights under the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act.  JNR will not disclose any information to third parties that is otherwise prohibited by the FDCPA.  We do not sell and will not sell your personal information.
Questions, comments, and complaints about JNR’s data practices can be submitted to:
Email: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. Telephone Number: 866-812-2345 x1723 Mailing Address: JNR Adjustment Company Inc. PO Box 948197 Maitland, FL 32794 USA
Information We Collect
We may have collected the following categories of personal information from individuals within the last 12 months:
Categories of Personal Information
Examples of Specific Types of Personal Information Collected
A.    Identifiers
A real name, alias, postal address, email address, telephone numbers, Internet Protocol address, account number, Social Security number, date of birth, or other similar identifiers.
B.    Personal Information categories listed in California Customer Records Statute (Cal. Civ. Code §1798.80(e))
A name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver's license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information. Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories.
C.    Protected classification characteristics under California or Federal law
Age (40 years or older); veteran or military status
D.    Commercial information
Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
E.     Professional or employment-related information
Current or past job history.
F.     Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)).
Education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial information, or student disciplinary records.
How We Use Your Information
We may use your personal information for one or more of the following business purposes:
•     To fulfill or meet the reason you provided the information. For example, if you share your personal information to make a payment, we will use that information to process your payment.
•     Performing services on behalf of the business or service provider, including maintaining or servicing records, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, or providing similar services on behalf of the business or service provider.
•     To provide you with information or services that you request from us.
•     To respond to law enforcement requests and as otherwise permitted by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations.
Personal information remains part of our records until we determine the information is no longer needed, or we are required by law to delete such information.  We will collect the minimum amount of data necessary to perform the services on behalf of the client, business or service provider.
We will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.  We do not sell and will not sell your personal information.
How We Collect Your Information
We collect most of this personal information directly from our clients for whom we provide services to, as well as from you by telephone, written correspondence through the mail, email or fax, by viewing public social media/network pages, or other information available online. However, we may also collect information:
From publicly accessible sources (e.g., property records or court records);
From your transactions with us;
From our service providers (e.g., letter vendor, location vendors, payment processing vendors, and/or electronic signature service provider);
Directly from a third party (e.g., third parties contacted during location activities pursuant to 15 U.S.C. §1692b, such as your friends, neighbors, relatives, and/or employer);
Consumer reporting agencies (CRAs)
From a third party with your consent (e.g., your authorized representative and/or attorney); and
From activity on our website.
How We Share Your Information
JNR may share personally identifiable information it collects with its employees who need to know that information provides you service. Except as provided below, JNR does not share or disclose any personally identifiable information to any company or marketing group external to JNR. JNR may share your personal information with third parties to the extent it is reasonably necessary to perform services and manage information on behalf of the client, business or service provider, verify employment, determine location, process payment, fulfill a transaction, provide customer service, or as otherwise authorized by law.
Further, JNR may disclose personally identifiable information (I) to another entity with which JNR enters or reasonably may enter into a corporate transaction, such as, for example, a merger, consolidation, acquisition, or asset purchase, (ii) to a third party pursuant to a subpoena, court order, or other form of legal process or in response to a request by or on behalf of any local, state, federal, or other government agency, department, or body, whether or not pursuant to a subpoena, court order, or other form of legal process, or in connection with litigation brought against, or on behalf of, JNR, where appropriate, (iii) to a third party if determined by JNR in its sole judgment that such disclosure is appropriate to protect the life, health, or property of JNR or any other person or entity, all in compliance with applicable law, (iv) to third parties as authorized or designated by you, or (v) to conduct any other legitimate business activity not otherwise prohibited by law. The foregoing is not intended to obviate or displace any legal obligations or duties applicable to JNR.
E-mail posted or sent to JNR may not be secure against interception by unauthorized individuals. To protect against interception by unauthorized individuals, or because we cannot verify your identity, we may be unable to respond to e-mail requests concerning our services unless you have requested or authorized us to do so.
Sharing your information with Consumer Reporting Agencies
Consumer Reporting Agencies (CRAs) collect and maintain information on consumer and business credit profiles on behalf of organizations in the United States. We may share information about you with CRAs and may carry out periodic searches with them to verify your identity or manage your profile.
Details of your account(s) with us may be sent to CRAs and recorded by them. This information may be supplied by CRAs and may be used and searched by us and other organizations, such as debt collection agencies, in order to:
consider applications for credit and credit related services;
locate individuals and recover amounts owing; and
manage your profile.
JNR may furnish account information to Experian, Equifax, and Trans Union. You have a right to obtain an annual copy of your credit file from CRAs by visiting https://www.annualcreditreport.com.
Your Choices
JNR offers you certain choices in connection with the personal data it collects from you, including:
Your JNR Profile: You may review, update and correct your contact information, including your telephone number and email address, after logging in to the website, or by calling our office.
Your Payments: You can elect not to utilize the payment portal of JNR' website and not to make payments via credit card or check.
If you have any questions regarding any of these choices, please contact JNR.
Telephone Number: 866-812-2345 x1723 Mailing Address: JNR Adjustment Company Inc. PO Box 948197 Maitland, FL 32794 USA
How Long We Keep Your Information
JNR will retain your personal data until we determine the information is no longer needed, or as otherwise required by law. JNR thereafter deletes or anonymizes such information in accordance with applicable laws.
How We Protect Information
JNR endeavors to and shall take every precaution to maintain adequate physical, procedural and technical security with respect to its offices and information storage facilities to prevent any loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure or modification of the user's personal information under our control. The company also uses Secure Socket Layer (SSL) for authentication and private communications in an effort to build users' trust and confidence in the internet and website use by providing simple and secure access and communication of credit card and personal information.
The confidentiality of any communication or material transmitted to or from JNR via the website or via e-mail cannot be, and is not, guaranteed.  You acknowledge that the technical processing and transmission of the website’s content may be transferred unencrypted and involve: (a) transmissions over various networks; and (b) changes to confirm and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices.
If any questions arise about security, please contact JNR using the information provided above.
California Residents - Your Legal Rights
The right to access personal information – You have the right to request access to your personal information that we collected about you, subject to certain exceptions.
The right to request deletion of personal information –You have the right to request that we delete your personal information, however, state and federal law may prohibit us from deleting personal information, which JNR will disclose to you.
The right to non-discrimination - We will not discriminate against you if you exercise any of these rights.
The right to an authorized agent – You can designate an authorized agent to make any of these requests by providing your express written authorization. We must be able to verify your identity and the authorization must include the authorized agent’s name, address, telephone number, and email address (for providing the personal information collected or to respond to a request for deletion).
If you wish to exercise any of these rights, please contact JNR by doing one of the following:
Telephone Number: 866-812-2345 x1723 Mailing Address: JNR Adjustment Company Inc. PO Box 948197 Maitland, FL 32794 USA
If you choose to contact directly by [email/phone/in writing], you will need to provide us with:
Enough information to identify you [e.g., your full name, address and customer or matter reference number];
Proof of your identity and address (e.g., a copy of your driving license or passport and a recent utility or credit card bill); and
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate and respond to it.
We are not obligated to make a data access or data portability disclosure if we cannot verify that the person making the request is the person about whom we collected information, or is someone authorized to act on such person’s behalf.
Links to Other Websites
Our website may contain links to enable you to visit other websites of interest easily. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information, which you provide while visiting such sites and this privacy statement does not govern such sites. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Privacy Notice Changes
JNR may change this Privacy Notice at any time. Notice of any new or revised Privacy Notice, as well as the location of the new or revised statement, will be posted on the website after the change. It is the obligation of users visiting the website before the change to learn of changes to the Privacy Notice since their last visit.
Last Updated: [1/30/2020]
HOMECONTACTS
Office InformationManagement TeamSales TeamPAYMENTSCLIENTSEMPLOYMENTABOUT US
Our HistoryManagement BiosJNR TodayGreen StatementJNR Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy