http://www.genzyme.com/en/privacy-policy
MMMM D, YYYYSanofi Genzyme Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Sanofi Genzyme Privacy Policy
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Effective: 07/10/2020
Why this document?
As part of its day to day operation, Sanofi provides access to a variety of tools and resources that provide information to all the individuals with whom it has business interactions with (patients and their relatives, participants to clinical trials, healthcare professionals, users of products and services, workers, etc.) regarding its activities.
Such tools and resources may be provided in various formats, including, more specifically in electronic format and by means of online electronic communications, including the website available at www.sanofi.com and any other website made available by Sanofi and to which this policy applies (hereinafter together the “Website”). In order to be able to provide them, Sanofi may need to collect and process Personal Data (as defined below) of their users.
Sanofi is fully committed to the protection of Personal Data and intends to provide you with all relevant information regarding the way in which Sanofi processes your Personal Data on the Website.
You will therefore find below all relevant information regarding the processing of Personal Data conducted on this Website. Please note that the content of this Website Privacy Policy may change from time to time, for instance in case of evolution of our processes or as a result of applicable law.
Who is responsible for the processing of personal data on this website (the Controller)?
Sanofi-aventis Groupe is responsible for the processing of Personal Data of individuals using this website and therefore acts as the Controller:
Sanofi-aventis Groupe:
54, rue La Boétie
75008 Paris
France
Tel.: +33 (0)1 53 77 40 00
Sanofi-aventis Groupe is a public company registered with the RCS of Paris under the number 403 335 938 (SIREN).
Reminder: What is personal data and processing?
For the purposes of this Website Privacy Policy, Personal Data is any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person, processed by Sanofi in connection with the objectives and purposes defined in this Website Privacy Policy.
To make things clear, it is any information that relates to an individual. Such Personal Data can take the form of:
Basic identification information such as your name or date of birth;
Information that can be attributed to you directly or indirectly – such as a post on a social media
Information which can be associated to you or your device such as, for instance, an IP address (i.e. the network address of your machine);
Etc.
In this respect, the notion of “processing” designates any action that is undertaken on your Personal Data such as, for instance:
Collection;
Storage;
Access;
Analysis;
Deletion;
Etc.
What personal data does this website collect?
When operating, this Website may collect the following categories of Personal Data:
Identification data<: any information that you specifically provide to us which allows your identification, whether directly or indirectly such as your name or contact details (address, email address, telephone number), your job type, your company
Messages: you may send us enquiries using this Website
Data relating to and data which may be collected by cookies: for more information about cookies, please see our Cookies Policy
Under certain specific situations, Sanofi may process philosophical, political and religious opinions, trade-union membership, sexual orientation, information relating to health, racial or ethnic origin: SANOFI will only process such categories of Personal Data, which qualify as “sensitive” Personal Data or “special categories” of Personal Data if duly permitted under applicable data protection laws. In particular, Sanofi will only process such information it has obtained your prior explicit and specific consent to do so.
For what purposes does this website collect personal data?
Any processing of Personal Data will be implemented for a defined purpose. In this respect, the collection and processing of Personal Data on this Website may be:
To allow you to navigate this Website
To provide you access to online services, application and platforms; manage your online accounts
To provide patient support, healthcare support services, patient engagement and prescription information; claims management, including insurance claims
To conduct research and development; carry out clinical studies, registries and trials; manage and validate the recruitment and participation of individuals to studies, trials and other operations; analyze demographic data; offer special programs, activities, trials, events or promotions via our services; carry out market or consumer studies
To personalize your browsing experience: when using our services ; ensure that our services are presented in the way that best suits you ; understand your professional and personal interests in our content, products and services or other content and adapt our content to your needs and preferences ; present you products and offers tailored to you
To improve our products and services identify usage trends and develop new products and services ; understand how you and your device interacts with our services ; track and respond to safety concerns ; determine the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns, conduct surveys;
To process your job applications
To allow us to communicate with you; respond to your requests or inquiries ; provide support for products and services ; provide you with important information, administrative information, required notices, and promotional materials ; send you news and information about our products, our services, our brands, our operations ; organize and manage professional events and congresses, including your participation to such events
On what grounds does this website process your personal data?
For the purposes of this Website, your Personal Data may be processed on the basis of:
Your prior CONSENT: where you have clearly expressed your approval of Sanofi’s processing of your Personal Data. In practice, this will generally mean that Sanofi will ask you to sign a document, or to fill-in an online “opt-in” form or to follow any relevant procedure to allow you to be fully informed and then either clearly accept or refuse the envisaged Personal Data processing. By navigating this Website and, if relevant, consenting to the processing of your Personal Data using cookies (as per our cookie policy below).
A contractual relationship between you and Sanofi: in such case, the processing of your Personal Data is generally necessary to the execution or the performance of the contract; this means that if you do not wish Sanofi to process your Personal Data in that context, Sanofi may or will be obliged to refuse to enter into such contract with you or will not be able to provide the products or services covered in this contract.
The “legitimate interest” of Sanofi in the sense of applicable data protection law.In such a case, Sanofi shall consider your fundamental rights and interests in determining whether the processing is legitimate and lawful.
Other groups were allowed by applicable law.
How long is the personal data collected on this website retained?
The Personal Data collected on this Website will be retained as long as required for the purposes which it was provided for or as long as permitted by applicable law.
Who has access to personal data?
Sanofi may transfer your Personal Data both internally (i.e. to other Sanofi entities) and/or externally to third party service providers for the purposes of answering your inquiry and/or operating this website.
Where such internal or external transfer of Personal Data implies the transfer of your Personal Data to a country providing a lower level of protection to Personal Data than generally afforded in your jurisdiction, Sanofi will ensure that a sufficient level of protection is provided to your Personal Data by implementing adequate safeguards such as the European Standard Contractual Clauses, the Sanofi Binding Corporate Rules or asking for your prior explicit consent.
Your rights: Sanofi will ensure that you can exercise your rights pertaining to your personal data
Sanofi informs you that you may, where required by law applicable law and subject to limitations which may apply in consideration of exceptions or legal requirements, be entitled:
To have access upon simple request to your Personal Data – in which case you may receive a copy of such data (if requested), unless such data is made directly available to you, for instance within your personal account;
To obtain a rectification of your Personal Data should your Personal Data be inaccurate, incomplete or obsolete;
To obtain the deletion of your Personal Data in the situations set forth by applicable data protection law (‘right to be forgotten’);
To withdraw your consent to the processing of Persona Data processing without affecting the lawfulness of processing, where your Personal Data has been collected and processed on the basis of your consent;
To object to the processing of your Personal Data, where your Personal Data has been collected and processed on the basis of legitimate interests of Sanofi, in which case you will need to justify your request by explaining to us your particular situation;
To request a limitation of the processing of Personal Data processing in the situations set forth by applicable data protection law;
To receive your Personal Data for transmission from Sanofi to a third-party or to have your Personal Data directly transferred by Sanofi to the third-party of your choice, where technically feasible (data portability right allowed only where the processing is based on your consent)
If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us as described in the “How to Contact Us” section below and we will take necessary steps to respond as soon as possible.
You may also file a complaint before a competent data protection authority regarding the processing of your Personal Data. While we suggest that you contact us beforehand, if you wish to exercise this right, you should contact directly the competent data protection authority.
For California Residents
Residents of the State of California may reference our California Privacy Notice.
How to contact us
Sanofi welcomes any questions or comments you may have regarding this Website Privacy Policy or its implementation. All questions should be sent to our Data Protection Officer by completing this form.
Updates to this Privacy Policy
Without prejudice to your rights under applicable law, Sanofi reserves the right to amend this Privacy Policy without prior notice to reflect technological advancements, legal and regulatory changes and good business practices. If Sanofi changes its privacy practices, an updated version of this Privacy Policy will reflect those changes.
This website uses cookies to track its audience and improve its content. By continuing to browse this website, you agree to the use of such cookies.
Click here for more information on cookies.
OK