https://www.bettingroyalascot.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Royal Ascot Betting Offers Royal Ascot Betting Offers 2021 bet365 Royal Ascot OffersThe Tote Royal Ascot OffersBetfair Royal Ascot OffersBetfred Royal Ascot OffersCoral Royal Ascot OffersLadbrokes Royal Ascot OffersPaddy Power Royal Ascot OffersSky Bet Royal Ascot OffersWilliam Hill Royal Ascot OffersOther Bookies Ascot OffersRoyal Ascot Free BetsRoyal Ascot Sign Up OffersRoyal Ascot BookmakersRoyal Ascot Ante Post BettingRoyal Ascot Betting Guide Runners, Tips and Odds Royal Ascot RunnersRoyal Ascot TipsAscot OddsRoyal Ascot FavouritesResults Royal Ascot Results 2020 – Day 12019 Royal Ascot ResultsRoyal Ascot Betting GuideInfo & Tickets Royal Ascot LiveWhen is Royal Ascot 2021Royal Ascot TicketsRoyal Ascot EnclosuresRoyal Ascot Dress CodeGetting To AscotRoyal Ascot HistoryRace Days Royal Ascot Day 1Royal Ascot Day 2Royal Ascot Ladies Day – Day 3Royal Ascot Day 4Royal Ascot Day 5NewsRoyal Ascot Betting » Privacy PolicyPrivacy PolicyLast Updated 5 Nov 2020 | Commercial content | 18+Each of the sections in this Policy is equally important, so we encourage you to carefully read all of them before you consent to the processing of your personal data.IntroductionThis text contains information about how we process your personal data. The privacy of all visitors to this website is important to us. What is stated in this Privacy Policy applies only to this website. It does not apply to data processing that occurs on other websites.This website is owned by: This Privacy Policy can be updated or modified from time to time. You will be prompted if we make essential modifications to this Privacy Policy. Essential modifications may affect your rights and obligations regarding the processing of your personal data (e.g. if we develop a new purpose of processing and install a new service to our website). Nonetheless, when we make minor modifications to this Privacy Policy, this will not have any influence on your rights or obligations. Minor modifications may include organisational and grammatical changes to this Privacy Policy to make it simpler to understand.Data We ProcessThere are two main types of personal data that we may process when you visit our website: data about your activities with our partnered sites and personal electronic identification data .Your interaction with our partnered websites includes information such as when you visit sites of our partners (online gambling service providers) and register for a user account or participate in gaming activities on any of the websites of our partners.This kind of data is processed on an aggregated level and it cannot be linked to your identity.Electronic identification data includes the processing of information such as the IP address you are visiting our website from, browser type and version on your device, the date and time of access to our website, unique device identifiers, device location and mobile network information.Purpose of ProcessingVisiting our website also means that we may process your data, such as:For the purpose of content optimisation and traffic statistics, we will be gathering information on the device type and the unique device identifier you are accessing our website from.For the purpose of website optimisation and adequate preview, we will collect information on your browser software version and type, as well as which operating system you use to visit our websiteFor the purpose of adequate preview and further optimisation of our content is also the purpose of our interest in learning which OS you use to visit our website.For the purpose of presenting our content in compliance with local laws and in the language appropriate for the location you are visiting from, we will need to access information about your IP addressFor the purpose of general website improvement, we need to access the time and date of your visitFor the purpose of communicating with you and if you approach our support team or respond to surveys, we need to access your email addressFor the purpose of keeping track of how we generate our revenue, we may process information about your interactions with our partnered websites, such as whether you visited and/or registered on any of the websites of our partnersHow We Use CookiesThe use of cookies enables us to promote our products, improve site functionalities and provide content from third parties. Our website will send cookies which are then stored in your browser. To find out more about the cookies we use, please read our Cookie Policy.Lawful Basis for Processing Your personal dataOur legal basis for processing your personal data is in the legitimate interest of our company, namely to persist with constant improvement and development of our products and services, secure and maintain the regular functionality of the website, widen the scope of communication with you, analyse the effect of advertising, prevent threats that may occur and to improve your overall user experience. Additionally, mandatory legal obligations may require the processing of your data. We rely on your consent to send you notifications and newsletters.Data Subject and Data ControllerWhenever your personal data is processed (e.g. collected, used, stored) you are considered as being a data subject, under the relevant data protection laws, particularly the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Being a data subject grants you certain rights regarding the processing of your personal data.With reference to the GDPR, a data controller is the entity that determines the purposes, conditions and means for the processing of personal data. Having in mind that we may do all the previously mentioned we are a data controller. This means that we are provided with the opportunity to process your personal data to achieve desired goals, but it also poses the obligation to secure your data in the way regulated by relevant legislation.About Your RightsThe European Union has a specific set of regulations for how companies should process personal data, including the General Data Protection Regulation (also known as GDPR). Under the GDPR you are entitled to the:Right to object. You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data. Right of access. You have the right to ask us for copies of your personal information that we hold. Right of rectification. You have the right to request correction of your personal data that you find inaccurate. Right of data portability. You have the right to request the transmission of your personal data that we process to another entity, without hindrance from us, if such transmission is technically feasible. Right of restriction. You have the right, under limited circumstances, to request that we limit our use and processing of your personal data. Right of withdrawal. You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where we rely on it to process your personal information, without giving any reason to us. Right to be forgotten. You have the right to request that we erase your personal data that we hold. Right to lodge a complaint. Lodge a complaint with your local or Danish Data Protection Authority if you feel that your above listed rights are being violated.The relevant Data Protection Authority in EU Member States may be determined either by your place of habitual residence, or the place where the alleged infringement emerged. If you have questions regarding exercising your rights, or if you want to send us a request concerning your rights, please contact us on The
Danish Data Protection Agency holds the jurisdiction over all Danish companies, including our own. Here is how you can contact them: Datatilsynet, Borgergade 28, 5, DK-1300 Copenhagen K.Data ProtectionYour personal data will not be collected excessively. We are making a constant effort to keep your data up to date and stored in a secure environment. Data will only be processed for the amount of time that is required to achieve the goal of the analysis. In order to achieve that we apply different technical and organisational measures to ensure the protection of your personal data against:Theft, alteration,Unauthorised disclosure or access,Accidental loss,Unauthorised use and any other forms of unlawful processing. The limitations of access are determined by the very essential business and security needs. Different levels of access control to your data are being used to secure your privacy. Only staff that are appropriately authorised can access your data.Transferring Your Data Outside of the European Economic Area (EEA)We may transfer your personal data outside of the European Economic Area (EEA) for reasons of improving our products or providing our services.In this case, we will take all measures to ensure that an adequate level of protection and appropriate safeguards are in place, as defined by GDPR and the applicable data protection laws.Countries and recipients that your personal data may be transferred to are:A recipient in a country that does not provide an adequate level of data protection, according to the European Commission. When this is the case, we will conclude Data Protection Agreements that will include Standard Contractual Clauses issued by the European Commission. These Agreements would obligate the data recipient to provide an adequate level of protection and implement appropriate safeguards, as defined by the applicable European Data Protection laws.A recipient that is based in a country that does have an adequate level of protection, as approved by the European Commission. A list of countries that provide an adequate level of data protection is available
hereA recipient based in the US, whereby we aim to transfer your data in the way set out by the Privacy Shield mechanism. Read further on Privacy Shield
here.Who Else Can Access Your DataWe may share your data with entities who help us with our services (‘third parties’). In regard of performing mutually agreed-upon tasks, they can process the required personal data. We retain the exclusive right to direct which data will be processed, the means for processing, as well as the purpose for it. Third parties are defined as entities that help us to regularly provide and further develop our services (e.g. analytics, maintenance, marketing, development, functionality improvement). It is important to state that we may also share acquired data with:Members of the Better Collective Group, which includes Better Collective A/S and its’ subsidiaries, Law enforcement and public authorities where we are permitted or required to do so by law End NotesThis Privacy Policy is effective from 25th May 2018. Bookmaker Offers
Get the Latest Royal Ascot Betting Offers Get Bonus18+ | T&C Apply
Get the latest Royal Ascot Betting Offers Get Bonus18+ | T&C Apply
Get the latest Royal Ascot Betting Offers Get Bonus18+ | T&C Apply
Get the latest Royal Ascot Betting Offers Get Bonus18+ | T&C Apply
18+ | Commercial Content | T&C's Apply | Play Responsibly
By continuing to use this site, you agree to our cookie policy. Alternatively, you can choose "Read more" to see what cookies entails.OkRead more