https://www.cherrycreekmortgage.com/privacy
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
What does Cherry Creek Mortgage, LLC do with your personal information?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
Social Security number and incomeAccount balances and payment historyCredit history and credit scoresWhen you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
How?
All financial companies need to share customers' personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers' personal information; the reasons Cherry Creek Mortgage, LLC chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
California Residents
Click here to view the California Consumer Protection Act Portal
| Spanish readers, please click here..
NOTICE to European Union (EU) individuals:
Cherry Creek Mortgage Company, LLC, (CCMC) privacy policies are intended to comply with the General Data Production Regulation (GDPR). CCMC is a mortgage lender and individuals applying for a mortgage loan will be asked to provide personal data necessary for loan approval. EU individuals must affirmatively consent to the collection of personal data on this site by first emailing Legal@ccmclending.com prior to providing any personal data. You will then receive a reply email asking whether you consent to the collection of personal data. CCMC will only collect the personal data you choose to provide. By using this site to begin the mortgage loan application process, you consent to use of your personal data consistent with this notice. CCMC does not use cookies or other web based tools to collect personal data on individuals. You may decline to provide any information CCMC requests. Your personal data will not be shared by CCMC with any third parties except those used for internal marketing purposes by CCMC. CCMC follows industry standards for safeguarding and protecting your personal data. You may request a free copy of your personal data. We will delete your personal data or transfer your data to another entity at your request (unless required to retain it by U.S. law), and we will retain your data only so long as required by law and regulation. If you have questions about CCMC’s privacy policy or you wish to request a copy of, deletion of, or transfer of your personal data you may contact us by emailing us at Legal@ccmclending.com or by writing us at Cherry Creek Mortgage Company, 7600 E. Orchard Rd. Greenwood Village, Colorado, USA, 80111.
Reasons we can share your personal informationDoes Cherry Creek Mortgage, LLC share?Can you limit this sharing?For our everyday business purposes-such as to process your transactions,maintain your account(s), respond tocourt orders and legal investigations, orreport to credit bureausYESNOFor our marketing purposes-to offer our products and services to youYESNOFor joint marketing with other financial companiesNOWE DON'T SHAREFor our affiliates' everyday business purposes-information about your transactions and experiencesNOWE DON'T SHAREFor our affiliates' everyday business purposes-information about your creditworthinessNOWE DON'T SHAREFor non-affiliates to market to youNOWE DON'T SHARE
Questions?
Call (888) 303-2262
Who is providing this notice? Cherry Creek Mortgage, LLC
How does Cherry Creek Mortgage, LLC protect my personal information?To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.
We restrict access to your information to those who have a legitimate business purpose, and we train employees on data security and confidentiality.
How does Cherry Creek Mortgage, LLC collect my personal information?We collect your personal information, for example, when you
Apply for financing or give us your contact informationGive us your income informationGive us your employment historyGive us your wage statementsWe also collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus, affiliates, or other companies.
Why can't I limit all sharing?Federal law gives you the right to limit only
sharing for affiliates' everyday business purposes-information about your creditworthinessaffiliates from using your information to market to yousharing for non-affiliates to market to youState laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing. See below for more on your rights under state law.
Definitions
AffiliatesCompanies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
Cherry Creek Mortgage, LLC does not share with our affiliates.
Non-affiliatesCompanies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
Cherry Creek Mortgage, LLC does not share with non-affiliates so they can market you.Joint MarketingA formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
Cherry Creek Mortgage, LLC doesn't jointly market.
PDF PRIVACY POLICY
You are now leaving the Cherry Creek Mortgage website
Please be advised that you are leaving the Cherry Creek Mortgage, LLC NMLS #3001 website. This link is provided as a courtesy. Cherry Creek Mortgage, LLC NMLS #3001 does not manage or control the content of third party websites.If you are planning to use a credit card to make your payment, please check with your credit card company to find out if any fees (e.g. cash advance fees) will apply to your transaction.
Continue to Site
Cancel