http://www.sher-wood.com/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Search
Sticks
Player Sticks
CODE
Rekker M
True Touch
PlayRite
Wood
Goal Sticks
Rekker
Foamcore (FC)
Wood
Shop All
Gloves
Protective
Protective
Rekker M Series
5030 HOF
Under protective
Pants
Protective Accessories
Apparel
Accessories
Bags
English (CA)
French (CA)
PRIVACY POLICYPRIVACY POLICY Canadian Tire Corporation, Limited and its family of companies and business units are committed to protecting the privacy and security of your personal information obtained by reason of your doing business with us. Please follow this link to the Canadian Tire Corporation, Limited Privacy Charter for more details.Purpose of this Privacy PolicyThe purpose of this privacy policy is to inform you about SHERWOOD's practices relating to the collection, use and disclosure of personal information that you may provide through your access to, or use of this website or services and products and that may be collected by us. By purchasing our products or services, or by accessing this website, you consent that we collect, use and disclose personal information in accordance with the following terms and conditions.What is personal information?For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, personal information means information about an identifiable individual that is recorded in any form.What personal information do we collect?The personal information we collect may include one of the following items:information relating to the race, national or ethnic origin, colour, religion, education, employment history, transactions records, age or marital status of the individual,contact information such as address, email address, telephone or fax numbers,any identifying number, symbol or other particular assigned to the individual,We limit the collection of your personal informationSHERWOOD collects only the information required to provide products and services to you. If the personal information is collected for reasons others than that, we will obtain your consent prior to or at the same time we obtain such information.Use or Disclosure for Marketing PurposesUnless you have requested not to receive any marketing materials, we may also use, without disclosing, your personal information to promote and market goods and services including by means of direct marketing. You can choose not to allow us to use or disclose your personal information for direct marketing purposes by contacting us.Why we collect personal information?We might collect personal information for the following reasons, which are examples only. Communicate with you, process your applications, process and keep track of your transactions records, report back to you, develop and maintain our relationship with you, provide products and services to you, comply with legal requirements.We limit use, disclosure and retention of your personal informationSHERWOOD uses and discloses information only for the purpose it was collected. SHERWOOD does not sell, share, trade or rent any personal information to any organization or person for any reason. SHERWOOD reserves the right to disclose personal information to a third party if a law, regulation, or a court order legally requires or authorizes us to do so. SHERWOOD retains your personal information only as long as it is required for our business relationship or as required by federal and provincial laws.CookiesSHERWOOD uses cookies to manage our website and e-mail programs. A cookie is a small file placed on your computer when you visit a website. Cookies are used to store non personal information used to enhance your website experience. A cookie can also store preference information to customize your website experience. For instance, cookies are used to track your activity and understand your preferences based on your prior or current visits to our website. This enables us to provide you with services and improved site experience.How we protect your personal information?SHERWOOD makes all commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that personal information collected from you is protected from loss and unauthorized access. Access to your personal information is restricted to individuals who have a business need consistent with the reason the information was provided.Links to Third Party SitesThis website may offer links to other third party websites. You should be aware that operators of linked websites may also collect your personal information when you link to their websites. SHERWOOD is not responsible for how such third parties collect, use or disclose your personal information, so it is important to familiarize yourself with their privacy policies before providing them with your personal information.Changes to this Privacy PolicySHERWOOD reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at anytime without prior notice. The Privacy Policy posted at any time via this website shall be deemed to be the Privacy Policy then in effect.Contacting us, updating and correcting your personal informationYou can help us maintain the accuracy of your personal information by notifying us of any changes to this information. In the event that you have any questions about our Privacy Policy or if you request access to or correction or update of your personal information you may contact us by writing and mailing to :INA International Ltd. Attn: SHERWOOD External Sales Dept. 1 Hereford Street, Brampton, Ontario, Canada, L6Y 0J7.We strongly suggest you also consult of website Terms of Use for further information. Last revised version : March 2010
choosing a selection results in a full page refresh