http://www.columbus-tech.com/en/privacy-policy
Menü
Privacy Policy (DSGVO)
We take the protection of your personal data very seriously. We treat your personal data confidentially and in accordance with the statutory data protection regulations and this privacy policy.The use of our website is usually possible without providing personal information. As far as on our sides personal data (for example name, address or E-Mail addresses) are raised, this takes place, as far as possible, always on freiwilliger basis. These data will not be disclosed to third parties without your explicit consent.CookiesOur website uses web analytics Matomo (formerly Piwik). Matomo uses cookies. These are text files that are stored on your computer and used for an analysis of the use of the website. For this purpose, the information generated by the cookies on the use of the website is stored on our servers within the EU. The IP address is anonymized before saving. The information generated by the cookies about the use of this website will not be disclosed to third parties. You can prevent the storage of cookies by a corresponding setting in your browser. We point out, however, that in this case not all features of this website may be available. You can set your browser so that you are informed about the setting of cookies and allow cookies only in individual cases, the acceptance of cookies for certain cases or generally exclude and enable the automatic deletion of cookies when closing the browser. Disabling cookies may limit the functionality of this website.SSL encryptionThis site uses SSL encryption for security and to protect the transmission of sensitive content, such as sending a contact form. You
can recognize an encrypted connection by changing the address line of
the browser from "http: //" to "https: //" and the lock symbol in your
browser line. If SSL encryption is enabled, the data you submit to us can not be read by third parties.Contact formIf you send us inquiries via the contact form, your details from the inquiry form, including the contact details you provided there, will be stored in order to process the request and in case of follow-up questions. We will not share this information without your consent.NewsletterIf
you would like to receive the newsletter offered on the website, we
need an e-mail address, title and surname, as well as information that
allows us to verify that you are the owner of the e-mail address
provided and to receive it of the newsletter. Further data is only collected as an option. We use this data exclusively for the delivery of the requested information and do not pass it on to third parties. The
granted consent to the storage of the data, the e-mail address and
their use for sending the newsletter can be revoked at any time, for
example via the "unsubscribe" link in the newsletter.Google MapsThis
website uses Google Maps, a map service provided by Google Inc.
("Google") to display an interactive map and create directions. Google Maps is operated by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. By
using Google Maps, information about your use of this website
(including your IP address) may be transmitted to and stored by Google
on servers in the United States. Google
may transfer the information obtained from Maps to third parties, if
required by law or as far as third parties process this data on behalf
of Google. Google will never associate your IP address with other Google data. Nevertheless,
it would be technically possible that Google could make an
identification of at least individual users on the basis of the data
received. It
is possible that Google's personal information and personality profiles
could be processed by Google's users for other purposes that we have no
control over. You
have the option to disable the service of Google Maps and thus prevent
the transfer of data to Google by disabling JavaScript in your browser. We point out, however, that in this case you can not use the map display on our site. Google's
Privacy Policy & additional Google Maps Terms of Service can be
found at https://www.google.com/intl/en_uk/help/terms_maps.html.Google AnalyticsWe use Google Analytics to analyze website usage. The resulting data is used to optimize our website and advertising. Google Analytics is a web analytics service operated and provided by Google Inc. (1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, United States). Google processes the website usage data on our behalf and is contractually committed to taking measures to ensure the confidentiality of the processed data. During your visit to the website, i.a. recorded the following data:- called pages- Orders including the turnover and the ordered products- Your behavior on the pages (for example, clicks, scroll behavior, and length of stay)- Your approximate location (country and city)- Your IP address (in abbreviated form, so that no clear assignment is possible)- Technical information such as browser, Internet provider, terminal and screen resolution- Source of origin of your visit (ie via which website or via which advertising material you came to us)This data is transmitted to a Google server in the USA. Google complies with the data protection provisions of the EU-US Privacy Shield Agreement. Google Analytics stores cookies in your web browser for a period of two years since your last visit. These cookies contain a randomly generated user ID, which can be used to recognize them during future website visits. The recorded data is stored together with the randomly generated user ID, which allows the evaluation of pseudonymous user profiles. This user-related data is automatically deleted after 14 months. Other data remains stored in aggregated form indefinitely. If you do not agree with the collection, you can prevent them with the one-time installation of the browser add-on for disabling Google Analytics.Facebook pixelOur website uses the Facebook remarker feature Facebook-Pixel of  Facebook ("Facebook"). This
function serves to present to visitors of this website, as part of
their visit to the social network Facebook, interest-based
advertisements ("Facebook Ads"). For this purpose, Facebook pixel was implemented on our website. Via Facebook pixels, a direct connection to the Facebook servers is made when visiting the website. It
is transmitted to the Facebook server that you have visited this
website and Facebook assigns this information to your personal Facebook
user account. For
more information on the collection and use of data by Facebook, as well
as your rights in this regard and ways to protect your privacy, please
refer to the privacy policy of Facebook at
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/. Alternatively, you can opt out of Facebook's remarketing feature at https://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=ads#_=_. For this you must be logged in to Facebook.Our contact detailsColumbus GmbHTabakfabrik / Peter-Behrens-Platz 6A-4020 Linz+43 732 931605-0office@columbus-tech.comManagement: Ruth Christine KoppenbergerData protection officer: Ruth Christine Koppenberger
ModelsVacuum PressesVacuum bagsOutletApplicationsApplicationsLaminated Bending / Shape Bonding / Flat GluingVeneering / Overlaying / CoatingForming solid surface materials & plasticsFoil Laminating / Foil WrappingThermoformingCompetence CenterCompetence CenterPrototypingContract manufacturingBlogVideosContactContactCompany
+43 732 931 641-0
office@columbus-tech.com
selly - Software & Websites
This website uses cookies to give you the best, most relevant experience. Using this website means you're Ok with this. For further information on cookies, please refer to the Privacy policy.Yes, I agree