https://www.nbrii.com/privacy-policy/
National Business Research Institute, Inc., DBA NBRI respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it. We’ve structured our website so that, in general, you can visit NBRI on the web without identifying yourself or revealing any personal information.
EU-US And Swiss-US Privacy Shield Frameworks
NBRI complies with the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-US Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union and the United Kingdom and Switzerland to the United States in reliance on Privacy Shield. NBRI has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles with respect to such information. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov.
In compliance with the EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield Principles, NBRI commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information. European Union or Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding this privacy policy should first contact NBRI at: NBRI Privacy Mailbox, 2701 Dallas Parkway, Suite 650, Plano, Texas 75093.
NBRI has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism, the BBB EU PRIVACY SHIELD, operated by the Council of Better Business Bureaus. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please visit www.bbb.org/EU-privacy-shield/for-eu-consumers/ for more information and to file a complaint.
Finally, as a last resort and in limited situations, individuals may seek redress from the Privacy Shield Panel, a binding arbitration mechanism.
Links To Non-NBRI Websites
The NBRI website may provide links to third-party websites for your convenience and information. If you access those links you will leave the NBRI website. NBRI does not control those sites or their privacy practices, which may differ from NBRI’s.
Types Of Data We Collect
We collect Organization Names, Client Names, Telephone Numbers, and Email Addresses.
How We Use Your Information
NBRI uses your personal information to provide you with information and services and to better understand your needs and interests.
We Do Not Share Your Information
NBRI does not sell, rent, lease, or disclose your personal information to any third parties. Note that NBRI may be required to disclose an individual’s personal information in response to a lawful request by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
Pursuant to the Privacy Shield, NBRI remains liable for the transfer of personal data to third parties acting as our agents unless we can prove we were not a party to the events giving rise to the damages.
Access/Choice/Opt-out
Individuals have the right under Privacy Shield to access their personal data under the Access principle to correct or delete it and/or to limit the use and disclosure of their personal data by contacting NBRI via email at Privacy@nbrii.com. NBRI’s Anti-Spam policy tolerates only permission-based email. In addition, recipients always have the opportunity to opt-out in the footer of all non-transactional email messages. Opt-out, change, and deletion requests are processed within one business day. This policy applies to data from Switzerland as well as the European Union.
Keeping Your Information Secure
NBRI is committed to protecting the information you provide us. To prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, to maintain data accuracy, and to ensure proper use of the information, NBRI has in place appropriate physical and managerial procedures to safeguard the information we collect.
NBRI is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the FTC.
Contacting Us
We value your opinions. If you have any comments or questions about our privacy policy, please write us at the following address: Data Protection Officer, 2701 Dallas Parkway, Suite 650, Plano, Texas 75093.
California Privacy Rights
This section applies only to California consumers. It describes how we collect, use, and share California consumers’ Personal Information in our role as a business, and the rights applicable to such residents. If you are unable to access this Privacy Policy due to a disability or any physical or mental impairment, please contact us and we will arrange to supply you with the information you need in an alternative format that you can access.
For purposes of this section “Personal Information” has the meaning given in the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”).
We have collected the following statutory categories of Personal Information in the past twelve (12) months:
Identifiers, such as name, e-mail address, mailing address, and phone number. We collect this information directly from you or from third party sources.
Commercial information, such as industry codes. We collect this information directly from you.
Internet or network information, such as browsing and search history. We collect this information directly from your device.
Geolocation data, such as IP address. We collect this information from your device.
Financial information, such as Payment Information or financial account numbers in the process of providing you with a service. We collect this information from you.
Inferences.
Other personal information, in instances when you interact with us online, by phone, or mail in the context of receiving help or other support and participation in surveys.
The business and commercial purposes for which we collect this information are described in the How We Use Your Information section of this Privacy Policy. NBRI does not sell, rent, lease, or disclose your personal information to any third parties.
Your California Rights:
You have certain rights regarding the Personal Information we collect or maintain about you. Please note these rights are not absolute, and there may be cases when we decline your request as permitted by law.
The right of access means that you have the right to request that we disclose what Personal Information we have collected, used, and disclosed about you in the past 12 months.
The right of deletion means that you have the right to request that we delete Personal Information collected or maintained by us, subject to certain exceptions.
The right to non-discrimination means that you will not receive any discriminatory treatment when you exercise one of your privacy rights.
NBRI does not sell Personal Information to third parties (pursuant to California Civil Code §§ 1798.100–1798.199, also known as the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018).
How to Exercise your California Rights:
You can exercise your rights yourself or you can alternatively designate an authorized agent to exercise these rights on your behalf. Please note that to protect your Personal Information, we will verify your identity by a method appropriate to the type of request you are making. We may also request that your authorized agent have written permission from you to make requests on your behalf, and we may also need to verify your authorized agent’s identity to protect your Personal Information.
Please use the contact details below, if you would like to: access this policy in an alternative format, exercise your rights, learn more about your rights or our privacy practices, or designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf.
Privacy@nbrii.com.
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
NBRI complies with the principles of GDPR.
The six overall guiding principles are:
Lawfulness, transparency, and fairness
Purpose Limitation
Data Minimisation
Accuracy
Storage limitation
Confidentiality and integrity
Cookie Policy
Effective Date: December 8, 2020