http://www.credimax.ca/privacy-policy-collectrite-credimax
Our Company
What Can You Expect
Your Collection Programs
Specialties
Commercial Collections
Landlords
Medical / Dental
Ontario Veterinary Medical Association
Trucking
Make a Payment
Business News
Contact
PRIVACY POLICY
Privacy Policy Information collected automatically via the Internet
This website logs http requests to our server. These logs capture computer information, navigation and clickstream data.Some of the information collected does not identify who you are. Other information, such as your domain name or IP address, may identify you depending on the naming standards followed by your Internet service provider. You may wish to ask them about their polices and practices.While we make no attempt to link the information captured to the identity of individuals, the information captured does identify the following:1. The Internet domain and IP address from which you access our web site2. The type of browser and operating system used to access our site3. The date and time you access our site4. The pages you visit5. If you linked to this web site from another web site, the address of that web site.This information is used to help us make our site more useful to our audiences by learning about the number of visitors to our site, and by monitoring traffic patterns and the types of technology our visitors use. We do not track or record information about specific individuals and their visits. Visitor information is not disclosed to anyone other than the owners of this site.Links to other sitesThis site may contain links to other sites. We are not responsible for the content and the privacy practices of other web sites and encourage you to examine each site's privacy policy and disclaimers and make your own decisions regarding the accuracy, reliability, and correctness of material and information found.
Collectrite Collections Canada, a division of Go Beyond Collection Agency Inc.Credimax Collections Canada,
a division of Go Beyond Collection Agency Inc
Privacy Policy
Share by: