http://www.lexproducts.com/general/privacy-policy
Request Quote
Subscribe
Login
Lex Connector Solutions (LCS) |
LexTM3 |
LexUK
Products
Cable Assemblies
Cable RAMPs
Portable Distro Units
Permanent Install Panels
Relays/Dimmers
Work Lights
Accessories
Components & Wiring Devices
Repair & Retrofit
Custom Engineered Solutions
Resources
FILM/STUDIO Quick Reference Sheet
Generator KVA Rating to Amperage Conversion Chart
Glossary of Portable Cord Types
Instructional Videos
Selection of Feeder Cable
Selection of Portable Cord
Specs for Portable Cord
Specification of Feeder Cables
Use of Jr. Hard Service Cord
Voltage Drop Calculator
Wire Conversion-American Wire Gauge to Square Milimeters
About
News
Tradeshows
Lex Story
Case Studies, White Papers & Tech Tips
Industry Affiliations
Awards & Certifications
Customer Testimonials
Sales Policies & Complete Terms & Conditions
Careers
Contact
Effective Date:  April 2020
Last Reviewed On: April 2020
LEX PRODUCTS PRIVACY STATEMENT
This Privacy Statement describes how Lex Products, LLC, LexTM3 Systems, LLC, LexTM3, LLC and their affiliates, subsidiaries and related entities ("Company" "we" or "us") collects, handles and processes personally identifiable information including non-public personal information we obtain regarding individuals ("personal information") in connection with your access or use of all of the websites ("Sites") and services, products, applications offered by the Company ("Services").
Please read this Privacy Statement carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your personal information and how we will treat it.  If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is to not access or use our Services or Sites or provide any information in connection with them. By accessing or using our Services or Sites or providing any information in connection with them, you agree to this Privacy Statement. You also expressly consent to the processing of your personal information according to this Privacy Statement.
California Residents
California residents may access the Company's Privacy Notice for California residents at click here.
Information Collected by the Company
The Company may collect information about you, including but not limited to:
customer and consumer information (e.g., name, company name, address, birthdate, city, state and ZIP code, email address and telephone number).
organizational and employment information that includes job title, work location and hire date.
your device data and how you interact with the Company's Sites (e.g., IP address, browser type, and unique device identifier).
details of any payment transactions you carry out through the Services including credit card numbers.
We obtain the categories of personal information listed above from the following categories of sources:
Directly from you. For example, from forms you complete, Services you utilize or products you purchase.
Indirectly from you. For example, from observing your actions on the Sites or on other websites which employ our cookies.
Data we receive from other sources may be combined with the information you provide us, and may be used or shared for the following purposes stated below.
Use of Personal Information
We may use or disclose the personal information we collect for one or more of the following purposes:
To fulfill or meet the reason you provided the information. For example, if you share your name and contact information to ask a question about our products, we will use that personal information to respond to your inquiry. If you provide your personal information to purchase a product, we will use that information to process your payment and facilitate the transaction. We may also save your information to facilitate new product orders;
To provide, support, personalize, and develop our Sites, products, and Services;
To create, maintain, customize, and secure your account with us;
To process your requests, purchases, transactions, and payments and prevent transactional fraud;
To provide you with support and to respond to your inquiries, including to investigate and address your concerns and monitor and improve our responses;
To personalize your experience on our Sites and to deliver content and product and service offerings relevant to your interests, including targeted offers and ads through our Sites, third-party sites or services, and via email or text message (with your consent, where required by law);
To help maintain the safety, security, and integrity of our Sites, products, databases and other technology assets, and business;
For testing, research, analysis, and product development, including to develop and improve our Sites, products, and Services;
To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations;
As described to you when collecting your personal information;
To evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by us about our consumers is among the assets transferred.
We will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.
The Company's Sharing of Information Collected
We may share your personal information with the following categories of third parties:
with our affiliates or subsidiaries, contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business including those who assist us with marketing, advertising, or market research;
with Software/IT service providers we use to support our business and who are bound by contractual obligations to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them;
with banks and credit card processors to the extent necessary for the Company to deliver the Services.
Apart from the categories and purposes listed above, the Company will not share your personal information with other third parties for their independent use without your permission. We do not sell your personal information to any third parties.
Information Security
We will use reasonable administrative, technical and physical security to protect the personal information we retain and to help ensure that it is used in accordance with this Privacy Statement.  We will retain your personal information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Statement unless longer retention is required by law or for auditing purposes.
Cookies/Tracking Technologies
Our Sites may use "cookies" and other tracking technologies to gather information about your interactions.  This information may include demographic data, browser type, IP address, pages visited, activities conducted on the page, and the day and time of your visit. We do not currently honor "do not track" signals from a web site browser. Please refer to your computer browser help instructions for more information on cookies and other related technologies and how to manage their use. If you refuse or delete cookies, you will need to repeat the process if you use another computer or change browsers. If you refuse or delete cookies, some of the functionality of our Sites could potentially be impaired.
Pages of our Sites may also contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that allow us, for example, to count users who have visited those pages.  We may use this information to provide a better website user experience, and tailor our marketing communications.
Linked Sites
Our Sites may contain links to other websites. The Company assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party websites.  You expressly relieve the Company from any and all liability arising from your use of any third-party website, or from the content of any third-party website.
Children’s Privacy
Our Sites or Services do not target or knowingly collect any information from individuals under the age of 18.
Information Request
You may request information from the Company regarding the personal information it collects from you and how it shares your personal information with third parties. We will endeavor to provide a copy of this information in a standardized format. You may make such a request by emailing marketing@lexproducts.com or calling us at 800-643-4460.
Accessing and Correcting your Personal Information
You can review and change your personal information by contacting us at [insert email address] or calling us at 800-643-4460 where you can request access to, correct, or delete any personal information that you have provided to us. We may not accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect.
Changes to our Privacy Statement
It is our policy to post any changes we make to our Privacy Statement on this page with a notice that the Privacy Statement has been updated on our Site home pages. If we make material changes to how we treat our users' personal information, we will notify you through a prominent notice on our Site home pages in addition to any legal requirements. The date the Privacy Statement was last revised is identified at the top of the page.
Request A Quote
×
Please complete the form below, or call us at 800-643-4460
Name
Email
Phone Number
Street Address
City
State / Province
Zip / Postal Code
Company Name
How Did You Hear About Us?
Project Due Date
Project Requirements
To begin a list of products to include in your quote, click the Add to Quote button from any product page.
Comments
Label
Continue Shopping
Submit Quote