http://www.granatindustries.com/privacy-policy.html
Privacy Policy - Elk Grove Village, IL - Granat Industries, Inc.
HomeAbout UsTerms and ConditionsContact UsRequest for Information
Call: 800-808-1856
info@granatindustries.com
Metal Buckles, Fasteners,
and HardwareSafety Snaps & Quick LinksIndustrial Snap HooksTie Down HardwareD-Rings, O-Rings, Slides, & LoopsHandles and Case HardwarePlastic Buckles and HardwareWebbing and Hook & LoopPlease come visit us at The 2020 IFAI Show
November 4th – 6th
In Indianapolis, Indiana
Booth #1070
Granat Industries, Inc.
875 Nicholas, Elk Grove
Village, IL 60007P: 800-808-1856 F: 847-690-9397
info@granatindustries.comPrivacy   |  Site Map
Print This PageEmail This Page
Privacy Policy
Granat Industries, Inc. respects your privacy and our site visitors' information. We do not share, sell, or rent any of the information collected to any third parties and do not intend to do so in the future.Information Collected
If you request or submit information to us by sending an Email via info@granatindustries.com or by filling out a "contact" form, we may save your Email address as well as any other information you provide. This information may be used to contact you in the future by mail, Email, or phone to convey information about our solutions or services that we feel may benefit you. Your Email and other information will not be sold to any third party.
Information Collected by Others
This notice addresses only Granat Industries, Inc.'s website policy, and does not apply to sites that users access via links from our site. Granat Industries, Inc. is not responsible for the information collecting policies of other sites, for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our website, or for the information or content contained therein. Often, links to other websites are provided solely on the basis that they may contain useful information for our visitors. Users are advised to review the privacy policy of other websites.
Cookies
Granat Industries, Inc.'s website does not use cookies. Updating, Correcting, and Deleting Personal Information If you would like to have your personal information removed from our records, please send an Email with "Remove personal information" in the subject line.
Legally Compelled Disclosure of Information
Granat Industries, Inc. may disclose information when legally compelled to do so: when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires us to do so or for the protection of our legal rights.
Periodic Policy Changes
Please note that Granat Industries, Inc. reviews its privacy practices from time-to-time (i.e. to track technology and/or legal changes), and that these practices are subject to change. To ensure continuing familiarity with the most current version of our privacy policy, please bookmark and periodically review this page.
This policy statement is made in the name of Granat Industries, Inc. and is effective as of June 10, 2011. This statement does not create an agreement between Granat Industries, Inc. and users, and as such, does not create any legal rights for any party.
Contact Us:
Granat Industries, Inc.
875 Nicholas, Elk Grove
Village, IL 60007
Phone: 800-808-1856
Fax: 847-690-9397
Email: info@granatindustries.com
Website: www.granatindustries.com
Site created by Thomas Web Solutions and powered by Navigator Platform