https://www.bles-dairies.nl/privacy-statement/
Home
Our company
News
NEWS
VISION
Portfolio
Contact us
Local Presences
Asia
East Africa
ru
ch
Home
Our company
News
NEWS
VISION
Portfolio
Contact us
Local Presences
Asia
East Africa
Developing your dairy around the world
For a healthy and profitable herd
Improve food safety in a sustainable way
World wide in dairies
For a healthy and profitable herd
ru
ch
Bles Dairies Livestock
Bles Dairies Genetics
Bles Dairies Farm
Bles Dairies Consultancy
Bles Dairies Projects
Privacy Statement
Introduction
These are the privacy conditions of Bles Dairies, registered within the Dutch Trade Register at the Chamber of commerce under number 01061066. The conditions related to data processing by Bles Dairies are available through our customer system and our website www.bles-dairies.nl
Bles Dairies respects your privacy and declares to treat personal data confidentially. Respect for privacy of (potential) customers forms the base for Bles Dairies in all its activities. Bles Dairies will only process your personal data in accordance with the privacy conditions and the Data Protection Act.
The purpose of processing personal data
Bles Dairies will use the personal data provided by you for the agreed business activities only, for complying with the applicable legislation, for preventing fraud and money laundering, for maintaining and expanding our relationship with you ( e.g. through direct marketing and newsletter). The provision of personal data is an indispensable condition to conclude an agreement
Legal basis for processing personal data
Bles Dairies has the following reason(s) for processing personal data:
– The processing is necessary for the execution of an agreement.
– The person involved has given permission for the processing of his personal data
Personal Data
We may have in our possessions or use the following personal data for purposes as mentioned in this privacy statement:
– Name
– Address
– Email address
– Telephone number
The collection of personal data
Bles Dairies offers services related to the dairy farming business including consultancy, training, genetics, supply of livestock. Your personal data is generally collected when you request a quote or when you purchase products and/or services from us. Incidentally, Bles Dairies can also obtain personal data from other sources. Your data is processed via our IT systems and we use this automated information to optimize our services.
The disclosure of personal data to third parties
Bles Dairies may provide your personal data within the affiliated companies Bles Dairies Livestock, Bles Dairies Genetics, Bles Dairies Consultancy, Bles Dairies East Africa and Bles Dairies Farm, as well as to third parties, including partner companies and other companies involved in the provision of our services for the above mentioned purposes. Bles Dairies will not provide your personal information to third parties for purposes that are incompatible with the above.
Bles Dairies shall endeavour to ensure that these third parties adhere to the principles of the privacy conditions. Insofar as these third parties process your personal data on our behalf, we will require that they take adequate measures to ensure the security and integrity of your personal data.
You should be aware that Bles Dairies is not responsible for the privacy conditions of other websites, accessible via a link on our website. We recommend that you consult the privacy conditions and disclaimer of that other website when accessing third party websites via our website. You can see that you are no longer on our website if the URL has changed.
Bles Dairies works together with external parties, i.e. Wageningen University and Research, Semex Holland BV and Connecterra, with whom processing of personal data is involved. Bles Dairies will not exchange your personal data to companies located outside Europe or countries that are not included in the EEA.
The storage period of your personal data
Bles Dairies will not hold on to your personal data for longer than is strictly necessary. Bles Dairies holds on to your personal data for a period of 7 years, from the moment the retention period starts for the above mentioned purposes.
Rights
You have the right to receive an overview of and information about the origin of your personal data. You have the right to request Bles Dairies to correct, supplement, delete or shield your personal data if it is incorrect, incomplete, irrelevant, or if it is in violation of laws and regulations. You have the right to request a restriction of your data processing. You have the right to request to view the personal data that we have collected of you. You can contact Bles Dairies in writing via info@bles-dairies.nl or by letter via Bles Dairies, PO Box 150, 8900AD, Leeuwarden, the Netherlands.
You also have the right to object, free of charge, if you do not appreciate information about our financial products and services that we may send you from time to time. To this end, you can send an e-mail to the Bles Dairies section with which you use to do business or use the address as mentioned in our mailings to you. If you believe that we have not responded adequately to your request, you can report this to the Dutch Data Protection Authority.
Change of the privacy conditions
Bles Dairies can change and update these privacy conditions without prior written notice. We advise you to read the statement regularly to keep abreast of possible changes.
Contact
If you  have questions about the privacy of your personal data, you can contact the data protection officer Nynke Dijkstra via telephone number 0031-58 212 05 41 or the contact form on our website www.bles-dairies.nl
Bles Dairies Van Swietenstraat 2, 8911 AL Leeuwarden • The Netherlands
Postbus 150, 8900 AD Leeuwarden • The Netherlands • T: +31 58 2120541 • info@bles-dairies.nl
Privacy Statement
Sign up for our newsletter
Laat dit veld leeg als je een mens bent: