https://www.quorumfcu.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy | Quorum
Register for online banking
View our registration guide
Become a member
Forgot Username?
Home > Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Quorum Federal Credit Union, your member-owned financial institution, is committed to providing financial products and services to meet your needs and reach your financial goals. We are equally committed to protecting our members’ privacy. You can be confident that your financial privacy is our priority. We are required by law to give you this privacy notice to explain how we collect, use and safeguard your personal financial information. If you have any questions, please contact a Member Service Representative at (800) 874-5544 or (914) 641-3700.
What Does Quorum Do With Your Personal Information?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The type of personal information we collect and share depend on the product(s) or service(s) you have with us. This information can include:
Social Security number
Residence and contact information
Employment information and income
Account balances and payment history
Credit history and credit scores
Debit history and debit scores
When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
How?
All financial companies need to share customers’ personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers’ personal information; the reasons Quorum chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons We Can Share Your Personal Information
Does Quorum share?
Can you limit this sharing?
For our everyday business purposes — such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes — to offer our products and services to you
Yes
Yes
For joint marketing with other financial companies
Yes
Yes
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes — information about your transactions and experiences
No
N/A
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes — information about your creditworthiness
No
N/A
For our affiliates to market to you
No
N/A
For our non-affiliates to market to you
No
N/A
To Limit Our Sharing
Call (800) 874-5544 or (914) 641-3700
Please note: If you are a new member, we can begin sharing your information 30 days from the date we sent this notice. When you are no longer our member, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
However, you can contact us at any time to limit our sharing.
Questions?
If you have any questions, please contact a Member Service Representative at (800) 874-5544 or (914) 641-3700.
Who We Are
Who is providing this notice?
Quorum Federal Credit Union2500 Westchester Avenue, suite 411Purchase, NY 10577
What We Do
How does Quorum protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.
To protect our members’ privacy, we only work with companies who agree to maintain strong confidentiality protections and limit the use of information we provide. We do not permit these companies to sell the member information we provide. We do not permit these companies to sell the member information we provide to other third parties.
We restrict access to non-public personal information about you to those employees who have specific business purpose in utilizing your data.
Our employees are trained in the importance of maintaining confidentiality and member privacy. We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations and leading industry practices to safeguard your nonpublic personal information.
How does Quorum collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you:
Open an account
Pay your bills
Apply for a loan
We also collect your personal information from others, such as consumer reporting agencies (credit and debit bureaus) affiliates or other companies.
Why can't I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only:
Sharing for affiliates’ everyday business purposes—information about your creditworthiness
Affiliates from using your information to market to you
Sharing for non-affiliates to market to you
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing.
Definitions
Affiliates
Quorum Federal Credit Union has no affiliates.
Non-affiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and non-financial companies.
Non-affiliates we share can include:
Data processors
Loan servicing companies
Credit card companies
Collection agencies
Insurance companies
Marketing companies
Credit counseling associations
Member support centers
Joint Marketing
A formal agreement between non-affiliated companies that together market financial products or services to you.
Quorum may disclose all of the information we collect, as described previously and permitted by law, to companies that perform marketing services on our own behalf or to other financial institutions with whom we have joint marketing agreements.
If you terminate your membership with Quorum Federal Credit Union, we will not share information we have collected about you, except as permitted or required by law.
Our joint marketing partners include:
Vacation ownership companies
Other Important Information
Quorum may also disclose non-public personal information about you under other circumstances as permitted or required by law. These disclosures typically include information to process transactions on your behalf, conduct the operations of our Credit Union, to follow your instructions as you authorize, protect the security of our financial records or comply with court orders.
If you terminate your membership with Quorum Federal Credit Union, we will not share information we have collected about you, except as permitted or required by law.
Cookies are pieces of information stored directly on the computer you are using. Quorum Federal Credit Union utilizes browser-based secure cookies and Adobe Flash shared objects containing an individualized credential (ID), which are stored on your computer to authenticate a user upon login to online banking, bill payment, Online Deposits, and Other Services. These cookies and Flash shared objects are only used to support your online banking activities. We do not disclose this information to nonaffiliated third parties.
If your browser is not set up to accept cookies or you are using a computer that is not yet enrolled in online banking, because you did not enroll yet or you cleared your cookies since enrolling, you will be required to complete a multifactor or layered authentication process to verify your identity.
How You Help Protect Your Privacy
The Credit Union is committed to protecting the privacy of its members. Members can help by following these simple guidelines:
Protect account numbers, card numbers, Personal ldentification Numbers (PINs), Usernames, passwords, and answers to online banking security questions. A PIN should never be kept with an ATM/debit or credit card, which can provide access to accounts if the card is lost or stolen.
Use caution when disclosing account numbers and personal information including Social Security numbers to other persons by phone or email request. Official Credit Union staff will have access to information and will not need to ask for it.
Keep your information with the Credit Union current. If fraudulent or unauthorized activity or use of an account is detected, the Credit Union will attempt to contact the member immediately.
Inform the Credit Union if you have been the victim of fraud.
Utilize additional security features offered by the Credit Union to secure your account, such as Multi-Factor Authentication in online banking to authenticate your login to quorumfcu.org.
FOR CALIFORNIA CONSUMERS
This section supplements the information contained in our privacy policy above and applies solely to visitors, users, and others who are California residents (“consumers” or “you”). We adopt this notice to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) and other California privacy laws to the extent applicable.  Any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this supplemental privacy notice.
We do not collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household (“Personal Information”) covered by the CCPA.
Personal Information collected, processed, sold, or disclosed, as permitted, pursuant to the federal Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act and its implementing regulations is not considered Personal Information by the CCPA.
Should we begin to collect Personal Information covered by the CCPA, we will review and update this privacy policy.
If you have any questions or comments about this privacy policy, please do not hesitate to contact us at: 800-874-5544.
We reserve the right to amend this privacy policy at our discretion and at any time. When we make changes to this privacy policy, we will post the updated policy on our website and update the policy’s effective date. Your continued use of our website following the posting of changes constitutes your acceptance of such changes.