https://www.aiia.org/privacy-notice/
Skip to content
Privacy Notice
Alabama Independent Insurance Agents, Inc.
PRIVACY NOTICE
I. INTRODUCTION
As a current member/customer of the Alabama Independent Insurance Agents, Inc. (“AIIA”), we would like to take this opportunity both to thank you for your membership/business and to share with you the importance our Association places on protecting the privacy of personal non-public information we gather from you about you, your business and your individual clients, in accordance with applicable state and federal laws.
The following is AIIA’s privacy policy regarding the personal non-public information we collect from you through our business relationship with you. Contained in this privacy notice you will find (1) an explanation of the types of personal individual information AIIA collects from our members/customers in the ordinary course of business, and the means used to collect such information, (2) an explanation of how AIIA uses and shares the personal information collected from our members/customers, and (3) an explanation of how AIIA protects individual personal information received through members/customers.
II. INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND THE MEANS USED TO COLLECT
AIIA only collects personal non-public information about individuals from our members/customers that is necessary to provide those services to our members/customers that is usual and customary to professional associations and independent insurance agents. AIIA also collects such personal non-public information for marketing purposes, and provides de-identified, aggregated information to third parties for marketing purposes (that is, information provided to third parties does not contain personally identifying information). AIIA collects this information from the following sources:
Personal non-public information voluntarily provided by individuals on applications or other forms. This information may include, but is not limited to, an individual’s name, address, date of birth and credit card information.
Personal non-public information about individual transactions through our members/customers This information is collected from Event Registrations and Dues.
To collect personal non-public information from the above-stated sources, AIIA may use the following means of communication to gather information: hard-copy, in-person, by telephone, by facsimile, electronically (such as through email), and on-line (such as through our website). In all instances, AIIA collects this information pursuant to its contract or relationship with our members/customers, and  through a direct commercial relationship with an individual end-consumer powered by GrowthZone.
III. HOW WE USE AND SHARE PERSONAL INFORMATION
We use the information described above to service or process AIIA offerings and insurance needs of our members/customers; and to better understand and serve the industry as a whole.
We share the information described above with third parties in the following circumstances, as permitted or required by law:
Information that is necessary to service or process AIIA needs of our clients, in a manner that is consistent with the usual and customary services provided by independent insurance agent associations. Such usual and customary services or processes provided include but are not limited to transcription of CEU information, course registration information, etc.
Information that is necessary to protect the confidentiality or security of our members’/customers’ records.
Information that is required for AIIA to comply with a federal or state statute or regulation, governmental inquiry, subpoena response, court order, or other legal requirement.
Information that is necessary to protect against or prevent fraud, unauthorized transactions, legal claims, or other liability.
Under no circumstances will we disclose any personal health information other than as required by law. Under no circumstances will we disclose any account numbers or similar access numbers or codes for marketing purposes.
IV. OUR PRACTICES REGARDING INFORMATION CONFIDENTIALITY AND SECURITY
We maintain commercially reasonably physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to guard your information. These safeguards include but are not limited to the following:
We discipline any employee who impermissible shares personal non-public information.
We use a secure Internet and e-mail provider to protect the confidentiality of electronic communications.
Should a breach of system security ever occur, the Association will notify you of this breach following our discovery of the breach and as soon as reasonably practicable.
AIIA appreciates your business and in order to continue building upon that relationship we believe it is necessary, not only from a legal standpoint, but also as a sound business practice, that our members/customers understand the care our Association uses in handling your information. The Association will continue to monitor the effectiveness of its privacy practices and update you if there are any material changes to those practices.
How you can contact us:
Any questions about our Privacy Policy, the information and privacy practices of AIIA should be directed to:
Alabama Independent Insurance Agents, Inc.
141 London Parkway
Birmingham, Alabama 35211
Scroll To Top