http://www.ntlabs.co.uk/about-us/privacy-policy
Diagnosis Tool
Dosage Calculator
Where to Buy?
NT Laboratories Ltd Privacy Policy
Who is collecting my data?
The data controller is NT Laboratories Ltd. You can contact us at:
NT Labs
Unit B Manor Farm
Tonbridge Road
Wateringbury
Kent
ME18 5PP
Or by email, info@ntlabs.co.uk
What of my data is being collected and how is it used? What is the legal basis for the processing?
We only collect information from you where it is completely necessary to be able to process your enquiry and offer you the correct information for your circumstances.  This can include personal information about you including but not limited to: your name, address, telephone number, email address and a description of your specific enquiry.
IP Addresses and Cookies
We may collect information about your computer, including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration and trouble-shooting purposes. This is statistical data about our users' browsing actions and patterns, and does not identify any individual.
For the same reason, we may obtain information about your general internet usage by using a cookie file which is stored on the hard drive of your computer. They enable us:
To estimate our audience size and usage pattern.
To store information about your preferences, and so allow us to customise our Site according to your individual interests.
To speed up your searches.
To recognise you when you return to our Site.
You may refuse to accept cookies by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse the setting of cookies. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Site. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you log on to our Site.
Who will my data be shared with?
Your data will be used internally by NT Laboratories Ltd and may be shared only with the relevant government body in order for us to comply with our regulatory obligations under the Veterinary Medicines Directorate or to a third-party service provider including insurers in certain circumstances.  We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so.
If you are relying on my consent to process my data, how can I withdraw consent?
You have the right to withdraw data at any time where the processing is based on your consent. If you wish to withdraw any data, please contact us with the details above.
Retaining your data:
NT Labs, and the information we collect about you, are subject to various regulatory and legislative requirements. In addition, we will endeavour not to keep your personal information for longer than we have to for us to fulfil our obligations to you.
What will happen if I don’t provide the data?
Failure to provide this information will mean we are less able to deal with your enquiry appropriately.
Will my data be used for automated decision-making or profiling?
The provision of the information you provide is not connected with individual decision making (making a decision solely by automated mean without any human involvement) or profiling (automated processing of personal data to evaluate certain things about an individual).
Will my data be transferred outside of the EEA?
No, your data will not be transferred outside the European Economic Area.
What are my rights?
The right to be informed
The right of access
The right to rectification
The right to erasure
The right to restrict processing
The right to data portability
The right to object
Rights in relation to automated decision making and profiling.
How do I complain?
We work hard to ensure that your personal information is treated safely and securely. However, if you have a complaint, write to us using to contact details shown above. You also have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office.
Information Security:
we are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. If you have a security related concern, please contact us.
How we use cookies:
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computers hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added, and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular website. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us to analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customers needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Meet the team
Dave Stephens
National Sales Manager
South-West
Nigel Betts
Sales Manager
North
Sam Goshawk
Sales Manager
South-East