https://www.technolog.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
You are here:
Home > Privacy Policy
Share
Your privacy is important to us. This Privacy Policy describes our practices with respect to (i) the personal information we gather on our website and online services (ii) the way we use personal information internally; and (iii) our policy regarding sharing your personal information with others.
We are committed to processing your information in accordance with international legal standards, including the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and other applicable data protection laws and data protection codes of conduct.  We have implemented the practices set out in this Privacy Policy for our websites and dependent pages (the “Site”). We have instructed our website administrator to include information regarding these privacy practices anywhere on the Site where Personal Information is collected.
This policy addresses our privacy practices relating to visitors to the Site and registered users of the Site. For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “Personal Information” means any information that, by itself or in combination with other information, identifies or can reasonably be used to identify an individual, such as name, email address, IP address, telephone number, address, billing information or date of birth. Personal Information does not include information that is anonymised, or publicly-available information.  The term “Processing” means any operation or set of operations which is performed on Personal Information, whether or not by automated means, such as collection, use, organisation, storage, alteration or destruction, disclosure, or transfer.
DECLARATION OF CONSENT
By submitting Personal Information and other information to the Site, you consent to the Processing of such information in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy.
You may withdraw this consent at any time by notifying us at Technolog@Technolog.com, or by writing to Technolog Ltd. Technolog House, Ravenstor Road, Wirksworth, Derbyshire, UK.  DE4 4FY.
COLLECTING COMPANY INFORMATION
Generally, you may browse the Site without providing any Personal Information. However, we may ask that you provide information, including, without limitation, Personal Information, at various times and locations through the Site. For example, if you decide to register with the Site to request information, you will be asked to provide information such as your name and email address. When using forms on the Site to communicate with us, you may choose to provide other Personal Information, such as your name, company name, mailing address, phone number, and email address. We may collect and store any Personal Information you input into the Site.
PROTECTING PERSONAL INFORMATION
We take commercially reasonable steps to protect your Personal Information when you transmit it from your computer to the Site and to protect such information from loss, misuse, unauthorised access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. You should keep in mind that no Internet transmission is ever 100% secure or error-free. In particular, e-mail sent to or from the Site may not be secure, and you should therefore take special care in deciding what information you send to us via e-mail. Where you use passwords, ID numbers, or other special access features on this site, it is your responsibility to safeguard them.
HOW WE USE PERSONAL INFORMATION
The Personal Information collected by and through the Site may be used by Technolog Holdings, its divisions, holding companies, subsidiaries and affiliates, or other entities that are involved in the operation of the Site. We may use the information collected and provided, individually or in an aggregate form, in order to:
contact you about the Site;
notify you about important changes to the Site;
evaluate products or services we could offer to you;
monitor or improve use of the Site;
compare and otherwise use data entered by users for any purpose including consulting, research and marketing;
customise any advertising and content you see on the Site;
provide specific information to you from us and/or our affiliates; and
send you promotional material from us and/or our affiliates.
We use email addresses and mobile phone numbers as part of the WaterCore/GasCore service to help secure the site (password recovery) and to allow the site to send site alarms and other reports as configured by the user or their site account manager.
We use IP addresses and domain name information to provide site filtering (whitelists or blacklists).
We log IP addresses, mobile phone numbers  and domain name information for forensic analysis of service problems and security concerns.
We do not sell Personal Information about you to unrelated companies for their independent use.
CORRECTIONS AND REQUESTS FOR PERSONAL INFORMATION OR ERASURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
If you want us to correct your Personal Information or other information, or if you would like us to provide you with a copy of the Personal Information that we hold about you, or if you would like the Personal Information that we hold about you to be erased, please contact us by sending us an email at Technolog@Technolog.com or writing to us at Technolog Ltd. Technolog House, Ravenstor Road, Wirksworth, Derbyshire, UK.  DE4 4FY. We will respond to any such requests within 30 days of receipt.
PERSONAL INFORMATION RETENTION
Personal Information will be stored for as long as the information is required to fulfil our legitimate business needs or the purposes for which the Personal Information was collected, or for such period as is required by law.
DATA TRANSFERS TO COUNTRIES OUTSIDE THE EU/EEA
Your data may be used (see previous section “How We Use Personal Information”) by the Company and its divisions, holding companies, subsidiaries and affiliates, or other entities outside the European Union (EU) and the European Economic Area (EEA) including in the U.S. Please note that in countries outside the country in which you live, and in particular outside the EU/EEA, a different standard of data protection might apply than the standard that you are used to in your own country. By completing and submitting the contact form on our website, you acknowledge and consent that data will be transferred across international borders, including to countries outside the EU/EEA.
DISCLOSING PERSONAL INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES
Any Personal Information that you provide to us will be used for our purposes only. Personal Information will not be shared with individuals or other companies other than those referred to in this Privacy Policy. This policy is subject to review.
DOMAIN NAME AND IP ADDRESS
We collect the domain names and IP addresses of our visitors for security reasons to allow us to detect and forensically analyse security breaches and for statistical purposes, to measure use, to improve the content or responsiveness of the Site, or to customise the content or layout of the Site for the individual visitor. We do not disclose this information to third parties. We may also aggregate information relating to our visitors’ traffic patterns from the data that we collect and retain concerning the IP addresses and domain names of our visitors, and we may divulge such aggregate information about our users with third parties such as our business partners, distributors, and service and support providers.
LOG FILES
We maintain a log file of all actions that are initiated or facilitated using the Site, to capture, record and store data concerning the transaction. Access to this data is restricted to those who administer our network and public website, except that we may use and disclose this information to third parties in response to legal process or law enforcement inquiries, abuse of our website, or violation of any applicable Terms of Use or contractual provision you may have with us.
E-MAIL ADDRESSES
You should know that e-mail is not necessarily secure against all forms of interception. If your communication includes sensitive information about your company and you would prefer not to transmit this information in this fashion, please contact us by post or telephone rather than e-mail.
We collect email addresses that are: volunteered by the visitor; through e-mail messages addressed to us or our employees; through visitor responses via the “contact us” portion of the Site; or e-mail marketing destination web pages and public events. We use e-mail addresses for marketing purposes and to inform those interested in our products about events, products, services or other items of interest. We may also use e-mail addresses volunteered by our visitors to register the visitor for an extranet account, to process orders for brochures and other written materials, or otherwise to respond to a visitor’s request.
COOKIES
We use cookies on the Technolog website to track user activity on the site and to enable various types of functionality.
What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files containing information that is stored on an internet user’s device when visiting a website. The information a cookie contains and its purpose is determined by the website operator and can be used by that web server every time you visit that site. Cookies are used to save time and make visiting web sites more efficient and enjoyable. They can be used for many different reasons – from remembering login information and what is in your online shopping basket, to tailoring online adverts so you see more adverts suited to what you want.
There is lots of guidance out there explaining what cookies are and what they can do. If you want more information you can visit these pages:
http://www.allaboutcookies.org/
http://www.aboutcookies.org/
Which cookies do we use?
While we will endeavour to keep the list below updated, the Technolog site relies on many third party services and the list may therefore become out of date if those services alter the cookies they use. Please note that all of these Cookies exist to enable functionality on the website and not for advertising purposes. If you do not wish these cookies to be tracked you can disable them in your browser, but this may negatively affect your experience on the site.
Learn how to remove cookies from your web browser.
Learn how to control cookies in your web browser.
There are two types of cookie you may encounter when using this website. First party cookies: these are our own cookies, controlled by us and used to provide information about usage of our site. And secondly Third party cookies: these are cookies found in other companies internet tools which we are using to enhance our site, for example Facebook or Twitter have their own cookies, which are controlled by them.
First Party Cookies
PHPSESSID : Stores information used by our website to track user activity to the website.
Third Party Cookies
_utma, _utmb,_utmc, _utmz : Provided by Google analytics to store information used by Google Analytics to track user activity on the site. Read more here: Google Privacy Policy.
__atuvc : Provided by AddThis to stores information used by AddThis to track social media sharing on the site.
Please note that if you share content from the Technolog website through any social media providers we would not be in control of the cookie settings. We recommend that you check the social media provider’s website for further information.
GOOGLE ANALYTICS
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”).
Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the Site (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the U.S. If the IP anonymization is activated, Google will truncate/anonymize the last octet of the IP address for Member States of the European Union as well as for other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. In exceptional cases, the full IP address is sent to and shortened by Google servers in the U.S.
On behalf of the website provider Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the Site, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage to the website provider. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. However, please note that if you do this, you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. Furthermore you can prevent Google’s collection and use of data (cookies and IP address) by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en-GB
Further information concerning the terms and conditions of use and data privacy can be found at:
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/partners/
http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/gb.html
https://www.google.de/intl/en_uk/policies/
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en
Please note that on this website, Google Analytics code is supplemented by “anonymizeIp” to ensure an anonymized collection of IP addresses within the EU and EEA (IP-masking)].
THIRD-PARTY SITES
The Site may contain links to other third-party sites. When you click on one of these links you are visiting a website operated by someone other than us and the operator of that website may have a different privacy policy. We are not responsible for their individual privacy practices, so we encourage you to investigate the privacy policies of such third-party operators.
CHILDREN
Our website is not intended for children under 13 years of age. No one under age 13 may provide any information to us through the Site. We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under 13. If you are under 13, do not access, use, or provide any information on the Site or on or through any of its features. If we learn we have collected or received Personal Information from a child under 13 without parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us by sending us an email at Technolog@Technolog.com or writing to us at Technolog Ltd. Technolog House, Ravenstor Road, Wirksworth, Derbyshire, UK.  DE4 4FY.
DATA BREACHES
Whilst every effort and measure is taken to reduce the risk of data breaches, we have dedicated controls and procedures in place for such situations, along with the procedures that are required to make notifications to the relevant Supervisory Authority and data subjects (where applicable).
COMMENTS AND QUESTIONS
We welcome comments and questions regarding this Privacy Policy. Any such questions should be directed via e-mail to Technolog@Technolog.com or writing to us at Technolog Ltd. Technolog House, Ravenstor Road, Wirksworth, Derbyshire, UK.  DE4 4FY.
This policy has been endorsed and approved by:  Nigel Fearn, Managing Director
Download our Privacy Policy here.