https://www.morningstar.com/privacy-policy
Advertisement
Skip to Content
Learn
Start Investing
Investing Classroom
Investing Glossary
Help Center
Plan
Tax Planning
Personal Finance
Save for College
Save for Retirement
Invest in Retirement
Research
Mutual Funds
Stocks
ETFs
Bonds
Best Investments
PortfolioMarkets
Investing
Learn
Start Investing
Investing Classroom
Investing Glossary
Help Center
Plan
Tax Planning
Personal Finance
Save for College
Save for Retirement
Invest in Retirement
Research
Mutual Funds
Stocks
ETFs
Bonds
Best Investments
Portfolio
Markets
For Professionals
Research & Insights
Advisor Insights
Featured Reports
Morningstar Magazine
The Investor Success Project
ESG Investing
Licensed Research
Software & Data Services
Morningstar Direct
Morningstar Office Cloud
Morningstar Advisor Workstation
Morningstar Data
PitchBook
Morningstar Enterprise Components
Money Management
Morningstar Retirement Manager
Morningstar Managed Portfolios
Morningstar Indexes
Conference
All Products & Services
Company
Who We Are
Work Here
Newsroom
Investor Relations
Global Contacts
Morningstar General Privacy Statement
Effective Jan 1, 2020
Morningstar, Inc. and its affiliates (collectively, “Morningstar”) are committed to keeping your personal
information safe. This Privacy Statement describes how we use personal information, with whom we may share it, how
we keep it secure, and your rights relating to your personal information.
This Privacy Statement applies to Morningstar users and customers (or “you”) who use, order, register or interact
with any product or service from any Morningstar business. This includes customers and subscribers, product users,
site visitors, and event attendees.
Morningstar offers a wide range of products and services throughout the world and may use your information in
different ways. Please read the product-specific details in an applicable product privacy statement, which you can
find here. Certain Morningstar affiliates may also have a
jurisdiction-specific privacy statement. To learn more, click here. In the
event of a conflict between the terms of this Privacy Statement and a product- or jurisdiction-specific privacy
statement, the product- or jurisdiction-specific terms will take precedence.
How we collect your information
Morningstar collects your personal information through your interactions with us or from third party sources.
Specifically, we collect your information when:
You use, purchase or subscribe to our products or services.
You interact with us, including when you ask us for support, attend one of our events or otherwise contact us.
You visit our sites or use our products. If you would like more information about how we use cookies to collect
personal information, please visit our Cookie Policy.
We may also collect information about you from third parties, including:
Your employer, organization or other third party who arranges access to our products and services for you.
Our partners and other service providers who work with us to provide you with our products or services. For
example, with your consent, we may receive your information from your bank or other financial institutions.
Your financial advisor, who may give us personal information about you when they use our products or services.
Other publicly available sources. Personal information we collect
The types of personal information we collect depend on your interactions with us and may include the following:
Name and contact information. Your first and last name, email address, postal address, phone
number and other contact information.
Account credentials. Your user ID, password, password hints and other similar security
information used to authenticate your account.
Demographic information. Your age, sex, geographic location and preferred language.
Payment details. Your bank account information, credit card number, and other information used
to process payments.
Subscription and usage information. Information about the products or services you subscribe to
and how you use them, including preferences, browsing history and help information.
Device and network information. Information about your device, such as IP address, location or
internet service provider.
Financial and portfolio information. Information about your finances, portfolio and
transactions.
Audio or video information. If you visit a Morningstar location or participate in a Morningstar
event, Morningstar may record your image or voice.
User content. Your files or other information you upload to our products or services.
How we use personal information
How Morningstar uses your information depends on the product and service that you use and your relationship with us.
We use personal information as permitted under applicable law, as you request or consent to, and for the following
purposes:
Provide our products and services, including to verify your identity, personalize the content you receive,
create and administer your account and send important account and product update information.
Provide you content or offers of content from third parties that you request. Provide you customer service, technical and product support. Provide you with marketing or targeted third-party advertisements.
Conduct research and develop, improve, test and enhance the features and functions of our products and services.
Protect your, our, or third parties' networks, systems, property, or physical safety.
Comply with requests from regulatory agencies, law enforcement and other public and government authorities.
Enforce our contracts, terms and conditions, or otherwise exercise our legal rights and to defend ourselves from
claims and to comply with laws and regulations that apply to us or third parties with whom we work.
Generate anonymous, aggregated data which we use for research and product development. We may publish or
otherwise provide the results of our research aggregated data in our products and services
Participate in any merger, acquisition or other corporate transaction. Meet our or third parties' audit and compliance requirements. How we share personal information
Morningstar shares your personal information with other Morningstar companies, our business partners, content
providers, clients, service providers and other third parties with your consent or for the purposes disclosed
above in this Privacy Statement.
Links to Other Websites
Where applicable, Morningstar may provide links to one or more third-party sites within our products or services.
This Privacy Statement does not apply to those sites. We encourage you to read any third-party site’s privacy
policy before providing any of your personal information to them.
How we protect, store and transfer your personal information
Morningstar maintains a comprehensive information security program intended to keep your information safe. We have
administrative, technical, physical and organizational measures in place to protect against unauthorized access
to, or unauthorized alteration, disclosure, or destruction of personal information. The measures we use are
appropriate to the nature, scope and purpose for which we use the personal information we collect.
Our security and privacy policies are periodically reviewed and enhanced as necessary and only authorized
individuals have access to the information provided.
Morningstar companies, its operations, workforce and service providers are located throughout the world. Depending
on how you interact with us, your personal information may be handled, stored, accessed from, or transferred to
different countries. Whenever we transfer personal information to different countries, we take steps to ensure
that the personal information we transfer receives adequate protection in the jurisdictions that we handle or
store it.
If you have additional questions about how we protect your information, please
Contact Us.
Your Rights
Your rights may differ based upon your residency. Morningstar is a global company and certain local privacy laws
may apply to you depending on your jurisdiction of residence. For example, if you are a resident of the European
Economic Union, your personal information will be handled in accordance with EU Regulation 2016/679 pertaining to
the General Data Protection Regulation.
We invite you to visit jurisdiction-specific privacy statements set out on Morningstar's local websites.
Individual Data Access Requests
Certain jurisdictions provide their residents rights to access, correct, restrict the sale of, or erase personal
information. These rights are not absolute, and they don't always apply in all cases.
If applicable, you can send us a personal data access request to exercise your rights
here.
In response to a request, we'll ask you for additional information to verify your identity, and may ask that you
provide further information to help us better fulfill your request. You can also make your personal data access
request by calling us toll-free at +1 (888) 293-8609.
If you request that we erase your personal information and we process that request, we may still retain certain
elements of your personal information as permitted by law, including to comply with legal, regulatory or our own
policy requirements.
We won’t discriminate against our customers who choose to exercise their rights to access, control or delete their
personal information. Some of our products and services, however, may require your personal information. If you
choose not to provide your personal information, you may not be able to use those products or services.
California Customers
The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) requires that we list the categories of our customers’ personal
information that we’ve sold or disclosed for business purposes in the last twelve (12) months.
Sales: In the last twelve (12) months, one Morningstar affiliate, PitchBook Data, Inc. has sold
personal data. You can find out more about PitchBook and its privacy practices
here.
Disclosures: In the last twelve (12) months, we've disclosed customer information to our
services providers who are performing services for our benefit, with the consent of our customers, or as
otherwise required by law (for example, if ordered by a court or regulatory agency).
For more information about the categories of personal information we've disclosed, who we've disclosed it to, and
the reasons for disclosure, please
Contact Us.
Nevada Customers
Nevada law gives Nevada consumers the right to request that a company not sell their personal information. If you
are a Nevada consumer and wish to exercise this right, please submit your request
here.
Candidates
If you access our website to inquire about employment with a Morningstar company, we may collect the following
personal information: your name, physical and email addresses, phone number(s), and any additional
employment-related information that you choose to provide.
If you are submitting an employment application through our site, we may also collect your username and password.
We use this information to process and manage your application for employment with Morningstar. We may also use
candidate personal information to fulfill reporting requirements as required by law.
Cookies and similar technologies
We use cookies and similar technologies to recognize when you've signed into our sites and personalize your
experience with our products and services. For more information about how we use cookies, please read our
Cookie Policy.
About Children’s Privacy
Morningstar does not separately identify, or collect, any information that is specific to children.
Product-specific policies
Certain Morningstar products have specific privacy policies that apply to them. In the event of a conflict between
the terms of this Privacy Statement and the product-specific privacy policy, the product-specific privacy policy
takes precedence. Please find our product-specific policies below:
Morningstar Advisor Workstation
Morningstar Office
Morningstar Direct: Please contact us
Morningstar ByAllAccounts
Morningstar Investment Management Group:
Morningstar Managed Portfolios - Please
contact us
or click
here
Morningstar Retirement Manager - Please
contact us
Morningstar Planned Advantage - Please
contact us PitchBook DBRS Morningstar How we revise this statement
Our business frequently changes, and we may need to update this statement to reflect those changes. When we make
changes to this Privacy Statement, we’ll revise the “last updated” date at the top of this page. If we make
material changes to this statement, we’ll notify you directly as required by law.
Contact us
If you have concern, complaint, or question about how we handle your personal information, please contact us by
using our web form, call us toll-free at +1 (888) 293-8609
or write us at the following mailing address:
Morningstar, Inc.
22 W. Washington St.
Chicago, IL 60602
Attn: Chief Privacy Officer
To find the Morningstar contact in your country, please visit our
list of office contacts.