http://www.masy.com/index.php/masy-com-privacy-policy/
HOME
cGMP BIOSTORAGE
Stability Storage
Controlled/Ambient Storage
Refrigerated Storage
Freezer Storage
Ultra-Low Freezer Storage
Cryogenic Storage (LN2)
CALIBRATION
Temperature
Electrical
Pressure
Relative Humidity
Mass and Weight
Time and Frequency
Datalogger Calibration
Validator Calibration
Insacal Conductivity Meter
VALIDATION
Warehouse Mapping
Autoclaves and Sterilizers
Steam-in-Place Validation (SIP)
Controlled Temperature Units
Ramping Chambers
Photostability Chambers
MONITORING
EQUIPMENT RENTALS
Kaye Validators
Kaye Validator AVS
Kaye Validator 2000
Premium Validation Thermocouples
Fluke Dry-Block Calibrator
Fluke Digital Reference Thermometers
DataTrace Dataloggers
Masy Scientific Temperature Standard
RESOURCES
Video Library
Masy Brochures
White Papers
Case Studies
The Masy Blog
News and Press Releases
ABOUT US
Contact Us
The Masy Team
Careers
Events and Tradeshows
Accreditations and Certifications
Mission Statement
Quality Management System
Community and Industry Organizations
Linkedin
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
1-888-433-6279
Linkedin
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Request a Quote
Search for:
Search:
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment to Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. If you have questions or concerns please contact Masy BioServices at 978-433-6279 or via email to webmaster@masy.com.
The Information We Collect
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Masy BioServices (hereafter, “Masy”) website. On some pages, you can submit a quote and make a request to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages may include your company name, contact name, address, email address, phone number, fax number, and information about desired products or services. In general, you can browse our website without telling us who you are or revealing any personally identifiable information about yourself.
Personally identifiable information (“PII”) means any information that may be used to identify an individual, including, but not limited to, a first and last name; home, work, shipping, billing, or other physical address; an email address; phone numbers or other contact information; and a credit card number and expiration date. When you submit your PII to us, you are giving us your consent to the collection and use of your PII as set forth in this privacy policy. By using this website, you agree to Masy BioServices’ privacy policy, and your continued use of this website constitutes your consent.
The Way We Use Information
We use the information you provide about yourself when requesting information or placing an order only to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive, and such addresses are not shared with outside parties. We may contact you with updates on our new products and services, or to ask and answer questions about your order.
When you visit our website Masy BioServices collects your IP address and we use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website, analyze trends, track traffic patterns, gather demographic information for aggregate use, and track the date and duration of each session within our website. We may use cookies and other monitoring technologies to compile aggregate statistics, but we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
We may compare and review your personally identifiable information for errors, omissions and accuracy. We may also use your personally identifiable information internally to improve our marketing and promotional efforts, website content and product offerings. Your personally identifiable information may also be used internally to conduct internal research on our users’ demographics, interests, behavior and generally to better understand and improve the usability, performance and effectiveness of our website and our marketing programs.
We may collect and disclose any information, including personally identifiable information, we deem necessary, in our sole discretion, to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request. We may collect and possibly share personally identifiable information and any other information available to us in order to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any personnel or as otherwise required by law.
We may share your personally identifiable information with authorized third-party partners, agents and contractors if such information is needed to perform their function(s). These third parties are not authorized to use any personally identifiable information for any other purpose(s) other than the purpose(s) set forth by Masy. We only provide third parties with the minimum amount of personally identifiable information necessary to complete the requested service or transaction.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Our Commitment To Children’s Privacy
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13. If we learn that we have collected personally identifiable information from a child under the age of 13 we will delete that data from our system.
How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information
You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by contacting Masy BioServices. You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error. To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call us at 978-433-MASY [6279] or send us an email at webmaster@masy.com.
Masy BioServices
27 Lomar Park Dr. Pepperell, MA 01463 USA
(888) 433-MASY [6279]
FAX: (978) 433-0442
Contact Us