https://www.kamway.com/terms-n-conditions
Home
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
Pricing and Availability
Prices and availability shown on this website are subject to change without notice. While every effort is made to keep prices accurate and up-to-date, all prices are subject to change at any time without notice at the discretion of Kamparts, Inc.
Kamparts, Inc. is responsible for maintaining this web site and all publications and it’s believed that all information contained within it is correct. However, no warranty is made as to the accuracy or reliability of the information contained therein and Kamparts, Inc. Disclaim all liability and responsibility for any direct or indirect loss or damage which may be suffered by any recipient through relying on anything contained in or omitted from our web sites or publications.
The Internet Privacy Policy relates to the collection and use of personal information you may supply to us through your conduct on the web site.
We reserve the right, at our discretion, to modify or remove portions of this Internet Privacy Policy at any time. This Internet Privacy Policy is in addition to any other terms and conditions applicable to our Kamway.com web site. We do not make any representations about third party web sites that may be linked to the web site.
Shipping Policy
We usually ship orders within 48 hours after orders are received. Your order confirmation and tracking number will be emailed to you when order is shipped.
Returns
You must call Customer Service at 800-537-8049, Monday-Friday, 8am-4pm PST for a return authorization number (RA#).  This number must be written on the outside of the box being returned.
Customer will pay all return shipping expenses.
Items must be returned within 30 days of receiving your RA#.
Some products state that they are non-returnable.
DVDs, CDs or software cannot be returned if removed from the original packaging.  Must be in "sold as new" condition.
Overlays cannot be returned if the peel-off backing has been removed.  Must be in "sold as new" condition.
Items must be returned in "sold as new" condition.  Items that are not in "sold as new" condition will not receive credit.
When items are received and determined to be in "sold as new" condition, you will receive credit for the item minus the restocking fee.
All unauthorized returns will be subject to a 15% processing fee in addition to the restocking fee.
No returns on special order items
No returns on non-warranty items
If you receive items as a result of a Kamparts error, we will pay for the return shipping expense and no restocking fee will apply.
Restocking Fees
Restocking fees are calculated from the date of delivery to the customer.
Within 10 days:    10% of cost of returned items
11 - 20 days:        15% of cost of returned items
21 - 30 days:        20% of cost of returned items
No returns after 30 days from date of delivery.
Damaged Goods
Damaged or missing items must be reported within 5 days of receipt. If a shipment arrives damaged or if there is damage to the box, you must:
Note damage on the bill of lading and have the driver sign it to acknowledge the damage
Contact Kamparts Customer Service within 1-3 days of receipt at 800-537-8049 to begin the claim process
Save the box and merchandise for inspection