http://www.rgare.com/web-privacy
RGA Home
/
Web Privacy
Privacy and Cookie Policy
Please note, this privacy policy does not include RGA's data protection and privacy for ceding companies.
Thank you for visiting the Reinsurance Group of America!
We are committed to protecting Personal Information that we collect from our websites, mobile applications, or controlled widgets embedded in communication platforms with a link to this Privacy Policy (“Sites”). We are committed to maintaining transparent practices and explaining how we collect, process, and share that information. Protecting your privacy is very important to us. We are committed to processing your Personal Information fairly and lawfully and only to the extent necessary to achieve the purposes listed herein.
This Privacy Notice explains how and why the Reinsurance Group of America, Incorporated, and its subsidiaries and affiliates (“RGA”, "we" or "us") collect and use Personal Information. A full list of all RGA entities is available at http://www.rgare.com/global-directory.
Who is RGA?
RGA is a global reinsurance company focusing primarily on life- and health-related reinsurance solutions.  Our core products and services include life reinsurance, living benefits reinsurance, group reinsurance, health reinsurance, financial solutions, facultative underwriting and product development.
What is reinsurance?
Reinsurance is a business relationship whereby multiple insurance companies share risk by purchasing insurance policies from other insurers to limit the total loss the original insurer would experience in case of disaster.  By spreading the risk, an individual insurance company can take on clients whose coverage would be too great of a burden for the single insurance company to handle alone.  When a reinsurer purchases insurance from a further reinsurer, this is called retrocession and the further reinsurer is referred to as the retrocessionaire.
This Privacy Notice sets out:
What Personal Information we may collect and hold;
The purposes for which your Personal Information may be collected, held, used and disclosed and the legal bases we rely upon;
How we collect and hold your Personal Information;
How we protect your Personal Information;
Who we may share your Personal Information to (including overseas recipients);
How you may access and correct your Personal Information; and
How you can contact us.
Application of Local Laws
This privacy notice is designed to provide compliance with all relevant applicable laws in the European Economic Area (EEA) and in particular those transposing the General Data Protection Regulation.  RGA recognizes that certain laws might be modified to require stricter standards than those described in this privacy notice, in which case we will ensure compliance with those stricter standards.
RGA will handle Personal Information in accordance with local law at the place where the Personal Information is collected.  If applicable law provides for a lower level of protection of Personal Information than that established by this privacy notice, then this privacy notice shall prevail.
What do we mean by "Personal Information"?
Personal Information means information, or a combination of pieces of information, that could reasonably allow an individual to be identified.
Why do we need Personal Information to provide our service?
Personal Information is necessary to perform our marketing practices and assess the effectiveness thereof.
How we we collect Personal Information?
We collect your Personal Information in the following circumstances:
If you are employed by a business client of RGA, your Personal Information is collected either directly from you or through information provided by your employer.
If you are accessing our Sites such as websites and mobile applications, or communication platforms containing our embedded widgets.
If you attended an RGA event, your Personal Information was collected from you prior to or directly at the event.
Cookies and Web Beacons
Our Sites use cookies and web beacons that collect and store your Personal Information.
The Personal Information we collect from you when you visit our Sites is used to:
Identify cyber attacks targeting our Sites;
Ensure that our Sites and content are accessible to visitors;
Analyse and better understand performance of our Sites, our online audience and their interests in our products and services;
Tailor the content on our Sites; and
Facilitate enhanced functionalities, content personalization and adverts to our visitors.
Our ability to obtain and process your Personal Information via cookies and web beacons is based on one of the following legal bases:
Your consent obtained via an opt-in selection through our Privacy Preference Center; or
Where the processing is necessary to meet our legitimate interests which do not override your fundamental rights and interests. Our legitimate interests include protecting our infrastructure, enabling technical functionality of our Sites, and Web beacons.
Cookies
Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information which are downloaded to your computer or mobile device when you visit a website. Cookies are then sent back to the originating website on each subsequent visit, or to another website that recognizes that cookie.
Cookies, in general, allow our websites to recognize new and returning visitors through your device by providing references to your IP address, device serial number, operating system, browsing session and your user preferences, such as Opt-In/Opt-Out Choices. They also inform us which pages you have viewed on our Sites and which words you have provided on the seach engines.
When you visit our Sites for the first time, you will be directed to our Privacy Preference Center allowing you to review the details of the cookies that are in place and decide which ones you would like to enable. If you click “Save Settings,” you will be able to agree to our use of all “Active” cookies. Please note that choosing not to allow cookies on your computer may impact or alter the expected performance and functioning of our Sites.
On our Sites, we use the following categories of cookies:
1. Strictly Necessary Cookies - they are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. These cookies are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms.
These cookies are always active, however you can set your browser to block or alert you about them, but some parts of the site will not then work.
2. Performance Cookies - these cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site.
All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous.
You may choose not to allow these cookies, but then we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
3. Functional Cookies - these cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages.
You may choose not to allow these cookies, but then some or all of these services may not function properly.
4. Targeting Cookies - these cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites.
They are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device and capture your browsing interests.
You may choose not to allow these cookies. If you do so, you will experience less targeted advertising.
For more information on more specific details around cookies, please check our Privacy Preference Center.
How do I change my cookie settings?
You can change your cookie preferences at any time by navigating along the menu bar at the bottom on the left-hand side on the Site. You may need to refresh your page for your settings to take effect.
Web Beacons
Web beacons are small pieces of data that are embedded in images on the pages of websites and in our email communications.
We use these web beacons to analyze the traffic patterns, such as the frequency of users visits various areas of our websites. These technical methods may involve transmitting information either directly to us or to another entity authorized by us to collect information on our behalf. We also use web beacons in HTML e-mails that we send our marketing contacts to determine whether they have opened those e-mails or clicked on links in those e-mails.
In general, web beacons collect the IP address of the device that the web beacon is sent to, the URL of the page the web beacon comes from, and the time it was viewed.
What types of Personal Information do we collect?
The information we collect and process about you may include any of the below:
Your name
Business contact information: work postal address, telephone numbers, facsimile number and email address
Company name
Your occupation/title
Your communication preferences
Your opt-in/opt-out preference
We also collect certain Personal Information via cookies and web beacons on our Sites. For more information, please see section “Cookies and Web Beacons”.
Do we process any special category Personal Information?
RGA does not collect or process any special category Personal Information collected under this Privacy Notice.
Do we process any sensitive Personal Information?
RGA does not collect or process any sensitive Personal Information collected under this Web Privacy Notice.
Does RGA sell your Personal Information?
RGA does not sell your personal information collected under this Web Privacy Notice.
Marketing Preferences
We will provide you with regular opportunities to tell us your marketing preferences, including in our communications to you.  We will rely on consent via opt-in or our legitimate interests for our marketing communications (see the section below “What are the legal bases on which we use your Personal Information?”) If you no longer want to receive marketing-related e-mails from RGA on a going-forward basis, you may opt out of receiving these marketing-related emails by clicking on the link to “unsubscribe” provided in each e-mail or by contacting us at the contact information under the “Contact Us” section of this notice. We will endeavor to comply with your opt-out request(s) within a reasonable time period.
Do we use Personal Information for profiling and automated decision making?
RGA does not engage in profiling or automated decision making for the processing activities covered by this Privacy Notice.
What are the legal bases on which we use your Personal Information?
Personal Information we collect from you is used for the folowing purposes:
To provide you with relevant information about our products, services and events, and respond to your enquiries;
To determine your interest in our new products and services;
To invite you to attend our events; and
To perform administrative activities in connection to your opt-out.
We must have a legal basis to process your Personal Information.
In most cases, our ability to obtain and process your Personal Information for the aforementioned purposes is based on one of the following legal bases:
Where required by law, we will collect Personal Information only where we have your consent to do so via an opt-in selection;
Processing your Personal Information is necessary to meet our legitimate interests; and
Processing is necessary to comply with a legal obligation requiring us to respect your opt-out.
We will collect and use Personal Information from you where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your data-protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. Our legitimate interests typically include improving, maintaining, providing, and enhancing our products, and services and supporting our marketing activities
If at any time, you no longer wish to receive marketing communications from RGA, you may opt-out or unsubscribe using the online contact form link below. You may also e-mail such request to us at privacy@rgare.com.
We also process certain Personal Information via cookies and web beacons on our Sites. For more details on such processing, please see section “Cookies and Web Beacons”.
With whom do we share Personal Information?
We may share your Personal Information with third parties under the following circumstances:
RGA group companies. We operate as a global business, so we may share your Personal Information with group companies who may use this information for the purposes described in this Privacy Notice.
Service providers. We may share your Personal Information with service providers that perform services and other business operations for us, for example, electronic communications providers, event planners, IT and analytics providers.
Any law enforcement agency, court, regulator, government authority or professional body. We may share your Personal Information with these parties where we believe this is necessary to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation, or otherwise to protect our rights or the rights of any third party.
RGA does not sell your Personal Information collected under this Privacy Notice.
What rights do individuals have in relation to the information we hold?
You have certain rights regarding your Personal Information, subject to local law. These include the right to:
access your Personal Information;
rectify the information we hold about you;
erase your Personal Information;
restrict our use of your Personal Information;
object to our use of your Personal Information;
receive your Personal Information in a usable electronic format and transmit it to a third party (right to data portability); and
lodge a complaint with your local data protection authority.
Please note that we may require additional information from you in order to confirm your identity and honor your requests.
To exercise your rights, you may use our online contact form, or contact us directly using the contact details provided below.
How do we protect Personal Information?
We implement technical and organizational measures to ensure a level of security appropriate to the risk to the Personal Information we process. These measures are aimed at ensuring the on-going integrity and confidentiality of Personal Information. We evaluate these measures on a regular basis to ensure the security of the processing.
How long do we retain Personal Information for?
We retain Personal Information for a period of time that reasonably allows us to investigate, commence or defend legal claims brought by or against us or our clients, and comply with our regulatory obligations.
We keep your Personal Information for one year after you have opted-out from receiving our marketing materials.
We may retain aggregated or anonymised data (which is not treated as Personal Information under this privacy notice) for longer.
We securely destroy Personal Information when its retention period has expired.
Where do we process your Personal Information?
Because we operate as a global business, your Personal Information may be transferred to, stored, and processed by RGA entities and service providers in other countries, which may include countries that are not regarded as ensuring an adequate level of protection for Personal Information under the European Union law, such as the United States of America.
We have put in place appropriate safeguards (such as contractual commitments under Article 46 (2)(c) of the GDPR)) in accordance with applicable legal requirements to ensure that your Personal Information is adequately protected. For more information on the appropriate safeguards in place, please contact us at the details contained in the "Contact us" section below.
Contact us
Reinsurance Group of America, Incorporated is the controller responsible for the Personal Information we collect and process. Other RGA entities may also be controllers in respect of your Personal Information, depending on the nature of the services they provide.
If you have questions or concerns regarding the way in which your Personal Information has been used, please e-mail us at privacy@rgare.com or call or write to us. Our address is:
Our United States postal address is:
Reinsurance Group of America, Incorporated
Attn.: Global Privacy Office
16600 Swingley Ridge Road
Chesterfield, Missouri 63017-1706
Our Ireland postal address is:
3rd Floor, Block C
Central Park
Leopardstown, Dublin 18, D18 X5T1
For all other RGA entities postal addresses, please see http://www.rgare.com/global-directory
Our telephone number is:
+1 (636) 736-7000 (United States)
+353 1.290.2900 (Ireland)
RGA’s Data Protection Officer for the EMEA region is Dean Scotson.   Should you have any questions or concerns for our DPO regarding the way in which your Personal Information has been used, please contact him via email at dpo@rgare.com
We are committed to working with you to obtain a fair resolution of any complaint or concern about privacy. If, however, you believe that we have not been able to assist with your complaint or concern, you have the right to make a complaint to your local supervisory authority (i.e. the supervisory in the jurisdiction where you live or work) or the supervisory authority of the jurisdiction where you believe an infringement of data protection laws has occurred.  Each supervisory authority may have a difference process for lodging complaints so we encourage you to contact the relevant supervisory authority first to check this.
How do we make changes to this privacy notice?
You may request a copy of this Privacy Notice from us using the contact details set out above. We may modify or update this Privacy Notice from time to time. If we make a significant change to this Privacy Notice, we will post a notice about this on our website, and we may provide the notice directly to you.
You will be able to see when we last updated the Privacy Notice because we will include a revision date, shown below.
Last Updated: April 2020