http://www.quantumdigital.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
QuantumDigital
User account menu
Log In
Forgot password?
800-637-7373
Support
Contact
Search
Search
QuantumDigital is committed to serving you through these difficult times. We are open, and our customer service team is available at 800.637.7373, to answer any questions you may have. Click here for additional COVID-19 agent resources.
Privacy Policy
Last updated: January 2020
QuantumDigital, Inc. respects the privacy of others.  This Privacy Policy is intended to explain QuantumDigital, Inc.’s privacy practices with respect to the QuantumDigital website (together with its pages and features, the “Site”).  This Privacy Policy is also intended to provide you and any person helping you visit, access or use the Site (collectively, “you” or “your”) with an overview of the following:
the type of information about you QuantumDigital, Inc.collects through the Site;
how QuantumDigital, Inc. collects such information;
how QuantumDigital, Inc.uses such information;
who will have access to such information; and
QuantumDigital, Inc.’s security measures for protecting such information.
This Privacy Policy applies to information collected through the Site.  Carefully read this Privacy Policy in its entirety.
When you create, register or log into an account through the Site, you are automatically accepting and agreeing to the most-recent version of this Privacy Policy, as well as the Site’s Terms of Use.
Similarly, by visiting, accessing, registering with or using the Site, you are automatically accepting and agreeing to the most-recent version of this Privacy Policy, as well as the Site’s Terms of Use, and your continuing visit, access, registration with or use of the Site reaffirms your acceptance and agreement in each instance.
As used herein, the term “personal information” means information that would allow someone to specifically identify you or contact you physically or online (e.g., your name, physical address, telephone number, email address, social security number); and the term “non-personal information” means any information other than personal information that QuantumDigital, Inc. may collect from you.
What information does QuantumDigital, Inc. gather?
The personal information we gather from customers helps us personalize and continually improve our services. Here are the types of personal information we gather.
Registration: During the registration process, prior to placing orders on the site, QuantumDigital, Inc. requires that you supply a unique email address and billing information (which includes contact information such as name, mailing address and payment information). You must agree to the terms of our Terms of Use. This information will only be shared with third parties who perform tasks required to complete the purchase transaction. Examples of this include shipping orders and processing credit card payments. You may review and update your account information, view your recent orders and transaction history online or by calling Customer Support at 800-637-7373.
Cookies: QuantumDigital, Inc. employs cookies to recognize you and your access privileges on QuantumDigital, Inc., as well as to track site usage. Subscribers who do not accept cookies from the domain “QuantumDigital, Inc.” cannot access most areas of our site.
IP Addresses: QuantumDigital, Inc. logs IP addresses for system administration and troubleshooting purposes. We do not use IP address logs to track you or your behavior on the site.
Log Files: Log data is only used in aggregate to analyze usage of our website.
Delivery Information: We collect tracking information about packages from our shipping agents.
Email Information: We collect information about views and response rates from promotional emails.
Freebies: Some free features of the site require personal information. We will only use this information to communicate directly with you in the methods you indicate.
Your List or PersonaLIST: Registered users may create, upload and store address information on our site for the purpose of mailing to those addresses using our service. These lists include, but are not limited to, past client, “sphere of influence” and prospect lists. The information contained in a customer PersonaLIST is considered strictly confidential and will not be offered or sold to third parties. This information will only be accessed and used by QuantumDigital, Inc., at the customer's direction, for the sole purpose of fulfilling direct mail orders.
What does QuantumDigital, Inc. do with the information it gathers?
QuantumDigital, Inc. may use the personal and/or non-personal information it collects from you through the Site in a variety of ways, such as, for example, to:
Respond to your requests;
Process your payments;
Place, fulfill, process and/or track your orders and purchase;
Facilitate your movement through the Site;
Facilitate your use of the Site and/or its products and services;
Provide customer service;
Send you communications like, for example, administrative emails, newsletters, answers to your questions and updates about the Site;
Provide you with information about QuantumDigital, its affiliated companies and/or their respective businesses, products and services by letter, email, text, telephone or other forms of communication;
Provide you with information about third-party businesses, products and/or services by letter, email, text, telephone or other forms of communication;
Improve the Site and/or its content, features and services;
Improve the products, services, marketing and/or promotional efforts of QuantumDigital, Inc. and/or its affiliated companies;
Create new products, services, marketing and/or promotions for QuantumDigital, Inc. and/or its affiliated companies;
Market the businesses, products and/or services of QuantumDigital, Inc. and/or its affiliated companies;
Help personalize user experiences with the Site and/or its products and services;
Analyze traffic to and through the Site;
Analyze user behavior and activity on or through the Site;
Conduct research and measurement activities for purposes of product and service research and development, advertising claim substantiation, market research, and other activities related to QuantumDigital, Inc., its affiliated companies, the Site, and/or their respective products and/or services;
Monitor the activities of you and others on or through the Site;
Protect or enforce QuantumDigital, Inc.’s and/or its affiliated companies’ respective rights and properties; and/or
Protect or enforce the rights and properties of others (which may include you).
Send This Page To A Friend: This feature is an easy way for users to send information about our services through email. The email addresses that you supply to use this service will not be used for any other purpose without your consent.
Test Spin: To try out our order system free of charge, we require a Name and Email address. These may be used to contact you with more information about our services.
Free Samples: You may request free samples from us by providing us with professional information and a shipping address. We will use this information to send you samples and other promotional material, and to follow up with you afterwards to answer any questions you might have if you so desire.
With whom does QuantumDigital, Inc. share the information it gathers?
QuantumDigital, Inc. reserves the right to share your personal information with QuantumDigital, Inc.s’ employees, agents, administrators, accountants, financial advisors and legal advisors; with QuantumDigital, Inc.’s affiliated companies; and with those third parties who help manage, administer, monitor, distribute and/or operate the Site, and/or their respective products, services and/or features (e.g., web hosting companies, website administrators, mobile app distribution platforms, support services companies, data analysis companies, credit card or other payment processing companies, online shopping cart providers), as needed in order for them to perform such services.
QuantumDigital, Inc. does not limit the ways in which it may use or share non-personal information because non-personal information does not identify you.  For example, QuantumDigital, Inc. may freely share non-personal information with its affiliated companies, its suppliers and its representatives, as well as with other individuals, businesses, and government entities.
You may choose to share certain information and/or follow other users on the Site.  You may choose to share your contact information with other users or provide it publicly.
How do I change or update my personal information?
Current customers can update their account information online by logging in and selecting the "My Information" tab. If you need further assistance, please contact Customer Support at 800-637-7373.
How secure is the personal information I enter on the website?
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the appropriate use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to protect the information we collect online.
We employ several measures to ensure that your personal information, including your credit card and bank account numbers, are kept private and secure.
First, we use a thawte SSL certificate to encrypt all data to and from our site. Any data stored on our network servers will remain encrypted for added protection.
Next, when displaying your information online to confirm an order, we reveal only the last four digits of your credit card or bank account number.
We also employ a third-party company to run daily scans against our website to detect any suspicious activity or potential breaches of security. To check the current status of our security systems, you may click on the “McAfee Secure” or “Secured by Thawte” logos located throughout the pages on our site.
It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to “Log Out” when finished using a shared computer.
How do I remove my address from your mailing list?
We purchase our mailing list from a national list provider, which is updated quarterly with additions and removals. As members of the Direct Marketing Association, we respect the rights of individuals to opt out of such lists and make every reasonable effort to exclude their addresses from our mailing list. To request removal from national mailing lists, including the one that we use, please visit the DMA Consumer Assistance page.
Once you have requested removal it may take three months or more for our mailing list to be updated, since we receive updates quarterly. Please contact Customer Support at 800-637-7373 for more information.
Legally Required Disclosures
We may disclose personal information if we are required to do so by law or we in good faith believe that such action is necessary to:
comply with the law or with legal process
protect and defend our rights and property
protect against misuse or unauthorized use of QuantumDigital, Inc.
protect the personal safety or property of our users or the public
If you provide false information, attempt to pose as someone else, or otherwise violate the Terms of Use, information about you may be disclosed as part of any investigation into your actions.
Conditions of Use, Notices, and Revisions
If you choose to visit QuantumDigital, Inc., your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Policy and our Terms of Use, including limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes, and application of the law of the state of Texas. If you have any concern about privacy at QuantumDigital, Inc., please send us a thorough description to feedback@quantumdigital.com, and we will try to resolve it. QuantumDigital, Inc. is not responsible for the content or the privacy policies of websites to which it may link.
Our business changes constantly, and our Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use will change also. You should check our website frequently to see recent changes. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account. We will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers.
Data Retention
QuantumDigital, Inc. may retain your personal information and non-personal information for as long as it believes necessary.  QuantumDigital, Inc. may dispose of or delete any such personal information or non-personal information at any time, except as set forth in any other agreement or document executed by both you and QuantumDigital, Inc. concerning the same or as required by law.
Transactions
In connection with any transaction that you conduct on, through or in relation to the Site, you may be asked to supply certain information relevant to the transaction, including, without limitation, your credit card number and expiration date, your billing address, your shipping address, your phone number and/or your email address.  By submitting such information, you grant QuantumDigital, Inc. without charge the irrevocable, unencumbered, universe-wide and perpetual right to provide such information to third parties (e.g., payment processing companies, online shopping cart providers) for the purpose of facilitating the transaction.
QuantumDigital, Inc. may offer to sell or sell merchandise and other products to you on or through the Site with the sales transaction taking place through an online shopping cart feature (“Shopping Cart”).  The Shopping Cart is provided by a third-party vendor.  QuantumDigital, Inc.’s relationship with that vendor, if any, is merely contractual in nature, and that vendor is in no way subject to QuantumDigital, Inc.’s direction or control; thus, their relationship is not, and should not be construed as, one of fiduciaries, franchisors-franchisees, agents-principals, employers-employees, partners, joint venturers or the like.
Third Party Applications and Networks
The Site and/or any communications sent through or as a function of the Site may contain links to third-party websites, networks, platforms, servers and/or applications.  Third-party websites, networks, platforms, servers and/or applications may also contain links to the Site.  To the fullest extent permitted by law, quantumdigital, inc. is not responsible for, and you hereby release quantumdigital, inc. from any and all liability which may arise from, such third party websites, networks, platforms, servers and applications (including, without limitation, the privacy policies and practices of such third-party websites, networks, platforms, servers, and applications).
You may have the opportunity to access the Site using your online user accounts with certain third-party websites, networks, platforms, servers or applications, which may be subject to separate privacy policies pertaining to those third-party websites, networks, platforms, servers or applications.  QuantumDigital, Inc. may also collect information from those third-party websites, networks, platforms, servers or applications (such as, for example, your name, gender, date of birth and personal interests, when you “like” or click links provided by or through those third-party websites, networks, platforms, servers, or applications and other information available through your online account or page with those third-party websites, networks, platforms, servers or applications).  It is your responsibility to carefully read, accept and comply with the relevant terms of use, waivers, and privacy policies associated with those third-party websites, networks, platforms, servers and applications.
Your California Privacy Rights
If you are a California resident, California law may provide you with additional rights regarding our use of your personal information. To learn more about your California privacy rights, visit the CCPA Privacy Notice.
Your Nevada Privacy Rights
Nevada law gives consumers in Nevada the right to restrict certain businesses from selling certain personal information to third parties if those third parties will license or sell such personal information to additional third parties. To exercise this right, email: support@quantumdigital.com and provide the requested information (e.g., your complete name, street address, city, state, zip code, and email address).
International Users
QuantumDigital, Inc. and the Site are operated in the United States.  Please be aware that your personal information may be transferred to, processed, maintained and used on computers, servers and systems located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your country of origin.  If you are located outside of the United States and choose to use the Site, you do so at your own risk.
A Special Note About Minors
The Site is a general audience website intended for use by adults. The Site is not designed or intended to attract, and is not directed to, children under eighteen (18) years of age, let alone children under thirteen (13) years of age. QuantumDigital, Inc. does not collect personal information through the Site from any person it actually knows to be under thirteen (13) years of age. If QuantumDigital, Inc. obtains actual knowledge that it has collected personal information through the Site from a person under thirteen (13) years of age, then it will use reasonable efforts to refrain from further using such personal information or maintaining it in retrievable form.
Furthermore, if you are under eighteen (18) years of age, then you (or your parent or legal guardian) may at any time request that QuantumDigital, Inc. remove content or information about you that is posted on the Site. Please submit any such request (“Request for Removal of Minor Information”) to any one of the following:
By mail: QuantumDigital, Inc., P.O. Box 140825, Austin, TX 78714, with a subject line of “Removal of Minor Information.”
By email: feedback@quantumdigital.com, with a subject line of “Removal of Minor Information.”
For each Request for Removal of Minor Information, please state “Removal of Minor Information” in the email or letter subject line, and clearly state the following in the body:
a. the nature of your request;
b. the identity of the content or information to be removed;
c. whether such content or information if found on the Site or the App;
d. the location on content or information on the Site or the App (e.g., providing the URL for the specific web page the content or information is found on);
e. that the request is related to the “Removal of Minor Information;”
f. your name, street address, city, state, zip code and email address; and
g. whether you prefer to receive a response to your request by mail or email.
If you send a Request for Removal of Minor Information by mail, then please do so by U.S. Certified Mail, Return Receipt Requested to allow for confirmation of mailing, delivery and tracking. QuantumDigital, Inc. will not accept any Request for Removal of Minor Information via telephone or facsimile. QuantumDigital, Inc. is not responsible for failing to comply with any Request for Removal of Minor Information that is incomplete, incorrectly labeled or incorrectly sent.
Please note that the aforementioned removal does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of such content or information posted on the Site.
Also, please note that QuantumDigital, Inc. is not required to erase or otherwise eliminate, or to enable erasure or elimination of, such content or information in certain circumstances, such as, for example, when an international, federal, state, or local law, rule or regulation requires QuantumDigital, Inc. to maintain the content or information; when the content or information is stored on or posted to the Site by a third party other than you (including any content or information posted by you that was stored, republished or reposted by the third party); when QuantumDigital, Inc. anonymizes the content or information, so that you cannot be individually identified; when you do not follow the aforementioned instructions for requesting the removal of the content or information; and when you have received compensation or other consideration for providing the content or information.
The foregoing is a description of QuantumDigital, Inc.’s voluntary practices concerning the collection of personal information through the Site from certain minors, and is not intended to be an admission that QuantumDigital, Inc. is subject to the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act, the Federal Trade Commission’s Children’s Online Privacy Protection Rule(s), or any similar international, federal, state, or local laws, rules, or regulations.