http://www.sumoservices.com/cookie-policy
Survey Options
About Us
Case Studies
The SUMO Blog
Request a Survey
SEARCH
Our Policies
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Working in Schools
Sustainability
Quality
Anti-Corruption & Bribery
Corporate Responsibility
Environmental Statement
Equality & Diversity
Health & Safety
Terms and Conditions
Update Preferences
Cookie PolicyThe following Cookie Policy is issued by the SUMO Services Ltd, on behalf of the SUMO Group of Companies (‘SUMO’) – May 2018The SUMO Group of Companies (‘SUMO’) takes your privacy very seriously and respects the importance of security on the internet.SUMO websites use cookies and similar technologies for various purposes including to distinguish you from other users of our websites. By continuing to use our websites, you agree to our Cookie Policy.What cookies do we use?Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information. They are downloaded to your computer or device when you visit a website. They don’t tell us who you are but they do enable us to recognise your device and where you have made various preferences or actions they enable us to remember them.Why do we use cookies?Cookies do lots of different jobs, like letting you navigate between web pages efficiently, remembering your preferences, and generally improving your experience of our websites. They can also help to ensure that adverts you see online are more relevant to you and your interests.The cookies used on SUMO websites have been categorised based on the categories found in the ICC UK Cookie guide. Here are the main types of cookies we use and why we use them: Strictly Necessary CookiesThese cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around our websites and use their features. Performance CookiesThese cookies collect information about how you use our websites. For instance, they tell us which pages you visit most often, and if you receive any error messages from our web pages. These cookies do not identify you. All information they collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. We use these cookies to measure and analyse how our customers use our websites and to improve their functionality and the user experience.  Functionality CookiesThese cookies allow our websites to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, personalised features. These cookies can also be used to remember changes you have made to customisable parts of our websites including text size and font. The information these cookies collect may be anonymised and they cannot track your browsing activity on other websites. We only use the types of cookies described above. We don’t use so-called ‘specialist cookies’.Disabling CookiesSUMO websites are designed to function optimally with cookies enabled. You can, however, disable cookies via your website browser settings. This may mean, however, that you may no longer have access to some of our website features. Please note that even with all cookies disabled, a tiny amount of information will continue to be retrieved from your web browser. This information is necessary for the basic functioning of our website.Changes to our Cookie PolicyWe may change this Cookie Policy from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of this policy and in some cases by adding notices on our homepage or other websites or sending you email updates (where data protection laws allow this).Social Networks & External WebsitesSUMO websites may offer you the opportunity to share or follow information about SUMO using third party social networking functionality such as ‘share’, ‘like’ or ‘follow’ buttons. Our website may also contain links both to and from social networking websites and other websites. We offer you various social media functionality options to generate interest towards our services among members of your social networks and to give you easy access to new information about SUMO and our services.  You should be aware that sharing personal information within a social network may result in the data being collected by the provider of that social network.In the event you follow any links to and from social media or other external links, these websites will have their own privacy policies and we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these. We advise you to check those policies before submitting any information to those websites.  Contact UsIf you have any questions about our Cookie Policy you can contact us at:  data.protection@sumoservices.com