http://www.chemweek.com/CW/privacy-policy
Home
Latest news
Top stories
Topics
Business
Environment
Finance
M&A
People
Projects
Regulatory
R&D
Markets
Prices
Macroeconomics
Regions
Africa
Americas
Asia
Europe
Middle East
Pacific
Sectors
Agribusiness
Basic chemicals
Energy/ Feedstocks
Industrial gases
Plastics
Renewables
Specialty chemicals
Services
Distribution
Engineering/ Construction
Information technology
Logistics
Magazine
Business Daily
Analysis
Price trends
M&A
Stock performance
Projects
Vital stats
CW Enterprise
Agribusiness
Plastics
Feedstocks
Specialty
Finance
Events
Privacy policy
Chemical Week is a subsidiary of IHS Markit Ltd. Chemical Week, referred to collectively as "ChemWeek," "us," "we," or "our") is committed to protecting your privacy and providing you with a positive experience while using our websites, subscriptions products that include Chemweek.com and Business Daily and any other services we may provide ("Platform").
Chemical Week reserves the right, at any time, to modify this Privacy Policy. If we make revisions that change the way we collect, use, or share personal information, we will post those changes in this Privacy Policy. If we make material changes to our Privacy Policy, we may also notify you by other means prior to the changes taking effect, such as by posting a notice on our Platform or sending you a notification. You should review this Privacy Policy periodically so that you keep up to date on our most current policies and practices. We will note the effective date of the latest version of our Privacy Policy at the end of this Privacy Policy.
1. Scope
This Policy applies to Chemical Week’s Platform, including single subscriptions and Corporate licenses, and provides you with guidance on your rights and obligations in relation to your personal information.
Chemical Week 's Privacy Policy (the "Privacy Policy") establishes and communicates the key principles that Chemical Week follows in protecting the personal information that we collect. Please note that some privacy rights and obligations may differ in certain locations based on local law, in which case Chemical Week will comply with the local legal requirements. To the extent a notice provided at the time of collection from a website or specific product conflicts with this Privacy Policy, such specific notice or supplemental privacy statement will control.
2. Collection of Personal Information
"Personal information" is any information that can be used to identify an individual or device, and may include things such as your name, physical address, email address, phone number, login information, marketing preferences, company affiliation, geographic location, or payment card information. Chemical Week may collect personal information that is necessary for legitimate business purposes, which will be disclosed to you at the time of collection. Chemical Week will use this information for the purposes for which it was collected. Chemical Week may also collect personal information from trusted third-party sources and engage third parties to collect personal information to assist us.
One of the most common methods of collecting personal information is during the online form submission or registration process, including where a website user is requesting a free trial or a courtesy newsletter, registering for an event, or responding to similar offers such as sample reports, white papers, or further product information.
In some instances, Chemical Week and the third parties we engage may automatically collect and aggregate data using cookies, weblogs, web beacons, and other similar applications. This information is used to better understand and improve the usability, performance, and effectiveness of our Platform and to help us tailor content or offers for you. Please read Section 8 (Cookies) below for more information.
3. Purpose and Use of Personal Information
Chemical Week may use your personal information for operational, legal, administrative, and other legitimate purposes permitted by applicable law. Some of the ways we may use personal information include:
Providing you with requested products or services.
Providing you with information regarding similar products or events.
Analyzing and monitoring extent of use.
Providing customized product and service information.
Allowing users to participate voluntarily in mailings or other events.
Providing product service updates, information, and alerts.
Sending communications, including for marketing or other customer satisfaction purposes.
Order processing and to provide transaction documents.
To contact users for information verification purposes.
Analyzing and monitoring extent of use and enhancing Chemical Week ’s Platform.
4. Your Rights
We strive to make sure that our information is reliable, accurate, and up-to-date. While personal information is maintained by Chemical Week , individuals in certain countries will have rights over how their personal information is processed. To find out what rights apply in your jurisdiction, please visit Section 11 (Additional Information for Certain Jurisdictions).
All privacy-based requests are handled by the IHS Markit Privacy Team. To make a request regarding your personal information, please complete the form found on the IHS Markit Privacy Request Page.
Below is a brief description of rights that may apply to you:
4.1 Right of access
You may have the right to access your personal information to review, update, and correct inaccuracies. There are some exemptions, which means you may not always receive all the information we process. Additionally, there may be limits to the amount of information we will provide access to. For example, in some cases, we may limit access to personal information where the request is manifestly unfounded or excessive, in particular because of the requests have been repetitive in character, or where doing so would violate the rights of others.
4.2 Right to information
In some circumstances and subject to certain exceptions, you may have the right to request information about the processing of your information. Information typically requested includes:
The categories or specific types of personal information we have collected.
The business purpose for collecting, disclosing, and/or selling the information.
The sources from which personal information was collected.
The categories of third parties with whom we share personal information.
The criteria used to determine the time that personal information will be held.
The existence of automated decision-making, including profiling that uses your personal information.
The safeguards we’ve applied to protect your information when it is transferred internationally.
4.3 Right to rectification
You may have the right to ask us to rectify personal information you think is inaccurate. This could also include the right to ask us to complete information you think is incomplete.
4.3 Right to erasure
In some circumstances and subject to certain exceptions, you may have the right to ask us to erase your personal information.
4.4 Right to restrict processing
In certain circumstances, you may have the right to ask us to restrict the processing of your information.
4.5 Right to object to processing
You may have the right to object to processing if we are using your information.
4.6 Right to data portability
In some circumstances, you may be able to request copies of your information in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format that allows you to transmit this information to another entity without hindrance.
4.7 Right to object to the sale of your personal information
You may have the right to direct us not to sell your personal information.
4.8 Right to nondiscrimination
You may have the right to not be treated differently for exercising your rights.
Upon receipt of a valid request made through the IHS Markit Privacy Request Page, the necessary steps will be taken to assess and respond. Please be aware that in order to accommodate some requests your identity must be verified before we can respond to a privacy request and this may require you to provide photographic identity information to IHS Markit.
Because your personal information—for example, your email address—is often required to access or use Chemical Week platforms and technologies, we retain personal information as long as your account is active. You may have the opportunity to correct, update, or modify this information by logging into your account and updating your information online. Please note that some information may be retained on our systems, even after you request deletion.
5. Sharing Personal Information
To support the purposes listed in Section 3 (Purpose and Use of Personal Information), Chemical Week may share or disclose personal information to:
IHS Markit's parent, subsidiary, affiliates, and other related companies for the purposes listed in Section 3 (Purpose and Use of Personal Information);
The organization that arranges your access to our products or services (if that is not you) to fulfill its contractual obligations and to provide our products and services;
Service providers and business partners for the purposes of operating our business, delivering, improving, and customizing our products or services, sending marketing and communications related to our business, payment processing, and for other legitimate purposes permitted by applicable law or otherwise with your consent.
Personal information handled by these service providers is subject to their terms of use and privacy policies. Please review the service provider’s terms of use and privacy policies to better understand how they manage your personal information.
There may also be instances when Chemical Week may disclose your personal information without providing you with a choice in order to:
honor a request that you have made through the products or services;
comply with the law or in response to a court order, government request, or other legal process;
protect the interests, rights, safety, or property of Chemical Week, IHS Markit or others;
protect against fraud or for risk management purposes; or
respond to adverse third parties (i.e., adverse parties and their counsel and other agents) in the context of litigation.
In addition, if Chemical Week sells all or part of its business or makes a sale or transfer of assets or is otherwise involved in a merger or business transfer, you acknowledge that Chemical Week may transfer your personal information to a third party as part of that transaction.
In all cases Chemical Week requires all unaffiliated third parties to treat personal information as confidential. Chemical Week will not provide personal information to third parties for their own marketing purposes without your consent.
If you participate in a discussion forum, chat room, or provide comments related to Chemical Week on a social media or other public platform, you should be aware that the information you provide there (i.e., your public profile) will be made broadly available to others, and could be used to contact you, send you unsolicited messages, or for purposes neither Chemical Week nor you have control over. Also, please recognize that social media forums and chat rooms not controlled by Chemical Week may have additional rules and conditions. Chemical Week is not responsible for the personal information or any other information you choose to submit on these forums that are not Chemical Week controlled.
The Platform may offer you the ability to share personal information through a social networking site (e.g., Facebook, Twitter), using such site’s integrated tools (e.g., Facebook “Like” button, or Twitter “Tweet” button). The use of such integrated tools enables you to share personal information about yourself with other individuals or the public, depending on the settings that you have established with such social networking site. For more information about the purpose and scope of data collection and use in connection with such social networking site or a site’s integrated tools, please visit the privacy policies of the entities that provide these social networking sites.
6. Security of Personal Information
Chemical Week has physical, administrative, and technical safeguards in place to help protect the personal information Chemical Week collects. While there is no such thing as perfect security on the Internet, we will take reasonable and appropriate steps to ensure the safety of your personal information.
7. Retention of Personal Information
Chemical Week will retain your personal information as needed to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected. We will retain and use your personal information as necessary to comply with our business requirements, legal obligations, resolve disputes, protect our assets, and enforce our agreements.
8. Cookies
When visiting the Chemical Week Platform, our servers may query your computer to see if there are cookies previously set by Chemical Week . A cookie is a text file that is created when your browser visits a particular website, such as an IHS Markit website. Afterwards, every time you visit the Chemical Week website, your browser retrieves and sends this file to the Chemical Week website's server. Cookies enhance the website user experience by:
Helping Chemical Week authenticate you as a user when you log in to a secure area of the website;
Storing information about your website user activities so you may easily pick up where you left off on the Chemical Week server's pages;
Storing your user preferences, which allows you to customize how information is presented through site layouts or themes; and
Personalizing the manner in which Chemical Week responds to you via marketing communications.
The cookies Chemical Week collects may include the following information: a unique identifier, user preferences, and profile information used to personalize the content shown to the individual users. Chemical Week participates in interest based advertising. This means that a third party may use cookies or similar technologies to collect information about your use of our products and services so that they can provide advertising tailored to your interests. This advertising may appear either on our website, or on other sites.
We may collect and share the physical location of your device with your consent where required by law for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy to provide you with personalized location-based products or services. In some instances, you may be permitted to allow or deny such use of your device's location. If you choose to deny such use, we may not be able to provide you with the applicable personalized products or services.
You can control and manage cookies in various ways via your browser or, for visitors from selected countries, by adjusting your preferences via a Cookie Preference Centre. Please bear in mind that removing or blocking cookies can impact on your user experience and parts of the site may no longer be fully accessible. You may need to refresh your page for your settings to take effect.
Browser controls
Most browsers will allow you to see what cookies you have and delete them on an individual basis or block cookies from particular or all sites. Be aware that any preference set will be lost if you delete all cookies, including your preference to opt-out from cookies as this itself requires an opt-out cookie to have been set.
Where to find information about specific browsers
Find out how to manage cookies on popular web browsers:
Microsoft Edge
Internet Explorer
Chrome
Firefox
Safari mobile devices and desktops
Third party adverting opt-out
There are currently a number of industry managed self-regulatory programs for online behavioral advertising. To learn more about how to opt out of targeting and advertising cookies via these programs, you should visit the Your Online Choices page, the Network Advertising Initiative page, and the Digital Advertising Alliance’s Consumer Choice Page. These opt-out tools are provided by third parties, not Chemical Week. Chemical Week does not control or operate these programs or the choices that advertisers and others provide through these tools.
9. Cross Border Transfer of Personal Information
As we are part of a global organization, we may transfer your personal information to IHS Markit affiliates, agents, contractors, service providers, and to third parties in various countries and jurisdictions around the world. By using our websites or products, or providing any personal information to us, where applicable law permits, you acknowledge the transfer, processing, and storage of such information outside of your country of residence where data protection standards may be different.
IHS Markit safeguards and enables the global transfer of personal information in a number of ways:
EU, UK-U.S. Privacy Shield and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield
IHS Markit, under the name Markit North America Inc. and certain of its controlled US affiliates participate in and have certified compliance with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework. A complete list of these controlled IHS Markit US entities that have certified compliance with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield can be found here. IHS Markit is committed to subjecting all personal information received from European Union (EU) member countries, Switzerland, and the United Kingdom, in reliance on the Privacy Shield Framework, to the Framework's applicable Privacy Shield Principles. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visit here.
In accordance with Section 3 (Purpose and Use of Personal Information) and Section 5 (Sharing Personal Information) above, IHS Markit is responsible for the processing of personal information it receives under the Privacy Shield Framework and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. IHS Markit complies with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of personal information from the EU, Switzerland, and the United Kingdom, including the onward transfer liability provisions. In certain situations, IHS Markit may be required to disclose personal information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
With respect to personal information received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Framework, IHS Markit is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission.
If you have any complaints regarding our compliance with this Privacy Policy, you should first contact us using the form found on our Privacy Request Page. Alternatively, you can write to us at the address listed below under Section 14 (Contact Information). We will investigate and attempt to resolve complaints and disputes regarding collection, use, and disclosure of personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact JAMS, our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) by clicking here. Under certain conditions, more fully described on the Privacy Shield website, you may invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted. Additional information about binding arbitration is available here. If you are an employee, past employee, or prospective employee, please see Section 10 (Prospective Employee and Employee Information) for information concerning who to contact if you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern.
EU Commission Standard Contractual Clauses
The Standard Contractual Clauses are one of several mechanisms approved by the European Commission to ensure adequate safeguards for personal information transferred from the EU to countries which the European Commission has not found to offer adequate protection for personal information. In some circumstances, IHS Markit will rely upon Standard Contractual Clauses to lawfully transfer personal information.
EU Commission Adequacy Decisions
According to EU Regulation, international transfers may take place when there is an adequate level of protection to the fundamental right of individuals to data protection. The European Commission has determined that several countries ensure an adequate level of protection. In some circumstances, IHS Markit will rely upon an adequacy decision to lawfully transfer personal information.
9. Additional Information for Certain Jurisdictions
California
For the purposes of this section, “personal information” means information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household.
You may opt-out of the sale of your personal information, if applicable, by visiting the California Do Not Sell My Personal Information Request Page.
You may exercise your access other rights through the Privacy Request Page or by dialing toll-free 1-800-447-2273.
Categories of Personal Information Collected, Sources, Purpose of Processing, and Third Parties with Whom Personal Information Is Shared Within the Last 12 months:
Category
Category Description
Collected
Identifiers.
A real name, alias,
postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet
Protocol address, email address, account name, national identification number
(including SSN), driver's license number, passport number, or other similar
identifiers.
Protected
classification characteristics.
Age (40 years or older),
race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed,
marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including
gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and
related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status,
genetic information (including familial genetic information).
X
Commercial
information.
Records of personal
property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other
purchasing or consuming histories, or tendencies.
Biometric
information.
Genetic, physiological,
behavioral, and biological characteristics, or activity patterns used to
extract a template or other identifier or identifying information, such as,
fingerprints, faceprints, and voiceprints, iris or retina scans, keystroke,
gait, or other physical patterns, and sleep, health, or exercise data.
X
Internet or
similar network activity.
Browsing history, search
history, information on a consumer's interaction with a website, application,
or advertisement.
Geolocation
data.
Specific physical
location or movements.
X
Sensory
data.
Audio, electronic,
visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
X
Professional
or employment-related information.
Current or past job
history or performance evaluations.
Non-public
education information.
Education records
directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or
party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student
schedules, student identification codes, student financial information, or
student disciplinary records.
X
Inferences
drawn from other personal information.
Profile reflecting a person's preferences,
characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes,
intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
Other
Personal information categories listed in the
California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e), such as
name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or
description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver's license or
state identification card number, insurance policy number, education,
employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number,
debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information,
or health insurance information. Some personal information included in this
category may overlap with other categories.
Colombia
Data Subject Rights.
Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
Freely access your personal information;
Know, update, and correct personal information when data is inexact, incomplete, fragmented, misleading, or where processing is not authorized or prohibited;
Request proof of authorization to process your personal information, unless exempted under applicable law;
Bring complaints to the Superintendent of Industry and Commerce;
Revoke authorization and/or require the deletion of personal information when there is not a legal or contractual reason to keep the personal information; and
Decline authorization for the processing of sensitive personal information. The provision of sensitive personal information or the personal information of minors is optional.
Principal Place of Business.
IHS Markit Colombia SAS (NIT #900.505.649-2) has its principal place of business at Calle 72 No 10 – 07 Of. 1106, Bogotá, Republic of Colombia.
10. Other Contractual Relationships
If you enter into a separate contractual relationship with IHS Markit which requires, or contemplates, collecting, using, or sharing information about you in a manner that is different than that which is described in this Privacy Policy, the terms of that agreement will apply.
11. Other Websites
This Privacy Policy does not apply to sites or applications offered by other companies or individuals, including third party products and services, that may be displayed as content in a search on our website. Chemical Week encourages you to read the privacy policy of any third party site or applications before transmitting personal information.
12. Contact Information
If you have any questions or concerns related to this Privacy Policy, please contact the IHS Markit Chief Privacy Officer:
IHS Markit
15 Inverness Drive South
Englewood, CO 80112
Attn: Chief Privacy Officer
Privacy Request Page
If IHS Markit needs, or is required, to contact you concerning any event that involves information about you we may do so by email, telephone, or mail.
Updated December 19, 2019.