http://www.critterguard.org/cookie-policy
Critter Guard - Proudly Made in the USA
(573) 256-2110
Sales@CritterGuard.org
My Account
Welcome to Critter Guard!
Login
Create Account
0
Home
About
Company
Press
FAQ
Shop Online
Line Guard
Pole Guard
View All Products
Solutions
Utility and Power Distribution
Homeowners
Pest Control
Wholesale
Animal Types
Blog
Contact Us
0
Shopping Cart
Your cart is currently empty.
Continue Shopping
My Account
Welcome to Critter Guard!
Login
Create Account
Privacy policy
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for https://www.critterguard.org. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.  Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.  Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the Web page.  While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Orders
We request information from you on our order form. To buy from us, you must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we'll use this information to contact you.
Registration
You have the option to register as a continuing customer of Critter Guard.  This is not required in order to purchase our products from our website, and is voluntary.  If you choose to register, a user must first complete the registration form. During registration a user is required to give certain information (such as name and email address). This information is used to contact you about the products/services on our site in which you have expressed interest. At your option, you may also provide demographic information (such as gender or age) about yourself, but it is not required.
Cookies
Cookies consist of portions of code installed in the browser that assist the site owner in providing the Service according to the purposes described.  We use cookies for lots of essential things on this Website.  When you order products from us on our website, you voluntarily provide information about yourself, such as your email address and other personal information.  We will use this information for our own technical purposes as described below.  Some of the purposes for which Cookies are used may also require the User's consent, in which case you would specifically approve of this use.  Where the installation of Cookies is based on consent, such consent can be freely withdrawn at any time following the instructions provided in this document.
Technical Cookies and Cookies serving aggregated statistical purposes
Activity strictly necessary for the functioning of the Service
This Website uses Cookies to save the User's session and to carry out other activities that are strictly necessary for the operation of this Website, for example in relation to the distribution of traffic, social interaction on select pages, and utilization of the e-commerce shopping experience.
Activity regarding the saving of preferences, optimization, and statistics
This Website uses Cookies to save browsing preferences and to optimize the User's browsing experience. Among these Cookies are, for example, those used for the setting of language and currency preferences or for the management of first party statistics employed directly by the Owner of the site.
Other types of Cookies or third parties that install Cookies
Some of the services listed below collect statistics in an anonymized and aggregated form and may not require the consent of the User or may be managed directly by the Owner - depending on how they are described - without the help of third parties.
If any third party operated services are listed among the tools below, these may be used to track Users’ browsing habits – in addition to the information specified herein and without the Owner’s knowledge. Please refer to the privacy policy of the listed services for detailed information.
Advertising
This type of service allows User Data to be utilized for advertising communication purposes displayed in the form of banners and other advertisements on this Website, possibly based on User interests.
This does not mean that all Personal Data are used for this purpose. Information and conditions of use are shown below.
Some of the services listed below may use Cookies to identify Users or they may use the behavioral retargeting technique, i.e. displaying ads tailored to the User’s interests and behavior, including those detected outside this Website. For more information, please check the privacy policies of the relevant services.
In addition to any opt out offered by any of the services below, the User may opt out of a third-party service's use of cookies by visiting the  Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
Google AdSense (Google Inc.)
Google AdSense is an advertising service provided by Google Inc. This service uses the “Doubleclick” Cookie, which tracks use of this Website and User behavior concerning ads, products and services offered.Users may decide to disable all the Doubleclick Cookies by clicking on: google.com/settings/ads/onweb/optout.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy – Opt Out.
Analytics
The services contained in this section enable the Owner to monitor and analyze web traffic and can be used to keep track of User behavior.
Google Analytics (Google Inc.)
Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of this Website, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services.Google may use the Data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy – Opt Out.
Google AdWords conversion tracking (Google Inc.)
Google AdWords conversion tracking is an analytics service provided by Google Inc. that connects data from the Google AdWords advertising network with actions performed on this Website.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy.
Interaction with external social networks and platforms
This type of service allows interaction with social networks or other external platforms directly from the pages of this Website.
The interaction and information obtained through this Website are always subject to the User’s privacy settings for each social network.
This type of service might still collect traffic data for the pages where the service is installed, even when Users do not use it.
Facebook Like button and social widgets (Facebook, Inc.)
The Facebook Like button and social widgets are services allowing interaction with the Facebook social network provided by Facebook, Inc.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy.
Twitter Tweet button and social widgets (Twitter, Inc.)
The Twitter Tweet button and social widgets are services allowing interaction with the Twitter social network provided by Twitter, Inc.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy.
LinkedIn button and social widgets (LinkedIn Corporation)
The LinkedIn button and social widgets are services allowing interaction with the LinkedIn social network provided by LinkedIn Corporation.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy.
Google Plus button and social widgets (Google, LLC)
The Google Plus button and social widgets are services allowing interaction with the Google Plus social network provided by Google, LLC and its affiliates.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy
Pinterest button and social widgets (Pinterest 2018)
The Pinterest button and social widgets are services allowing interaction with the Pinterest social network provided by Pinterest and its affiliates.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy
Reddit button and social widgets (Reddit, Inc.)
The Reddit button and social widgets are services allowing interaction with the Reddit social network provided by Reddit and its affiliates.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy
Remarketing and behavioral targeting
This type of service allows this Website and its partners to inform, optimize and serve advertising based on past use of this Website by the User.
This activity is performed by tracking Usage Data and by using Cookies, information that is transferred to the partners that manage the remarketing and behavioral targeting activity.
In addition to any opt out offered by any of the services below, the User may opt out of a third-party service's use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
AdWords Remarketing (Google Inc.)
AdWords Remarketing is a remarketing and behavioral targeting service provided by Google Inc. that connects the activity of this Website with the Adwords advertising network and the Doubleclick Cookie.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy – Opt Out.
Remarketing through Google Analytics for Display Advertising (Google Inc.)
Google Analytics for Display Advertising is a remarketing and behavioral targeting service provided by Google Inc. that connects the tracking activity performed by Google Analytics and its Cookies with the Adwords advertising network and the Doubleclick Cookie.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy – Opt Out.
How to provide or withdraw consent to the installation of Cookies
In addition to what is specified in this document, the User can manage preferences for Cookies directly from within their own browser and prevent – for example – third parties from installing Cookies.
Through browser preferences, it is also possible to delete Cookies installed in the past, including the Cookies that may have saved the initial consent for the installation of Cookies by this website.
Users can, for example, find information about how to manage Cookies in the most commonly used browsers at the following addresses: Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox, Apple Safari and Microsoft Internet Explorer.
With regard to Cookies installed by third parties, Users can manage their preferences and withdrawal of their consent by clicking the related opt-out link (if provided), by using the means provided in the third party's privacy policy, or by contacting the third party.
Notwithstanding the above, the Owner informs that Users may follow the instructions provided on initiatives by the EDAA (EU), the Network Advertising Initiative (US) and the Digital Advertising Alliance (US), DAAC (Canada), DDAI (Japan) or other similar services. Such initiatives allow Users to select their tracking preferences for most of the advertising tools. The Owner thus recommends that Users make use of these resources in addition to the information provided in this document.
Owner and Data Controller
The owner of this website is MAJRS Holdings, LLC, d/b/a Critter Guard. Owner contact email: john@critterguard.org. Since the installation of third-party Cookies and other tracking systems through the services used within this Website cannot be technically controlled by the Owner, any specific references to Cookies and tracking systems installed by third parties are to be considered indicative. In order to obtain complete information, the User is kindly requested to consult the privacy policy for the respective third-party services listed in this document.
Given the objective complexity surrounding the identification of technologies based on Cookies, Users are encouraged to contact the Owner should they wish to receive any further information on the use of Cookies by this Website.
Definitions and Legal References
Personal Data (or Data)
Any information that directly, indirectly, or in connection with other information — including a personal identification number — allows for the identification or identifiability of a natural person.
Usage Data
Information collected automatically through this Website (or third-party services employed in this Website), which can include: the IP addresses or domain names of the computers utilized by the Users who use this Website, the URI addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier), the time of the request, the method utilized to submit the request to the server, the size of the file received in response, the numerical code indicating the status of the server's answer (successful outcome, error, etc.), the country of origin, the features of the browser and the operating system utilized by the User, the various time details per visit (e.g., the time spent on each page within the Application) and the details about the path followed within the Application with special reference to the sequence of pages visited, and other parameters about the device operating system and/or the User's IT environment.
User
The individual using this Website who, unless otherwise specified, coincides with the Data Subject.
Data Subject
The natural person to whom the Personal Data refers.
Data Processor (or Data Supervisor)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes Personal Data on behalf of the Controller, as described in this privacy policy.
Data Controller (or Owner)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data, including the security measures concerning the operation and use of this Website. The Data Controller, unless otherwise specified, is the Owner of this Website.
This Website (or this Application)
The means by which the Personal Data of the User is collected and processed.
Service
The service provided by this Website as described in the relative terms (if available) and on this site/application.
European Union (or EU)
Unless otherwise specified, all references made within this document to the European Union include all current member states to the European Union and the European Economic Area.
Cookies
Small piece of data stored in the browser of the User's device.
Legal information
This privacy statement has been prepared based on provisions of multiple legislations, including Art. 13/14 of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (General Data Protection Regulation).
This privacy policy relates solely to this Website, if not stated otherwise within this document.
Sharing
We use an outside shipping company to ship orders, and a credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes beyond filling your order.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 573.256.2110 or via email at sales@critterguard.org.
Critter Guard provides FREE SHIPPING for all orders shipped to customers located in the USA.
For international orders and shipment options, please fill out our online quote request form.
Customer Support
Line Guard Installation Instructions
Pole Guard Installation Instructions
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Refund Policy
Contact Us
Critter Guard Contact Info
1105 Lakeview Ave
Columbia, MO 65201 USA
Phone:
(573) 256-2110
Fax:
(573) 303-5682
Award-Winning Products from Critter Guard
© 2020 Critter Guard | SEO and Web Design by Igniting Business
American Express
Diners Club
Discover
Elo
JCB
Mastercard
Visa