https://www.busybeaver.net/our-privacy-promise/
The cookie settings on this website are set to 'allow all cookies' to give you the very best experience. Please click Accept Cookies to continue to use the site.
Accept Cookies
Home
About
Our Privacy Promise
Our Privacy Promise
Busy Beaver Button Co. (“Company,” “we,” “us”) wants to safeguard your personal information. Therefore, we are adopting applicable General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) requirements, which became effective May 25, 2018. This policy describes our privacy practices regarding our website and the collection, use, storage, and transfer of information from individuals residing in the European Union (“EU”) and Switzerland, in connection with services provided by our Company.
Website Privacy StandardsWe appreciate the opportunity to connect with you on our website and are committed to protecting and safeguarding your privacy. We wish to inform you about the types of information we collect when you visit our website, how we use that information, any information disclosed to third parties, and the choices you have regarding the use of your personally identifiable information, including your right to view, correct and/or delete that information.Visitors can browse most portions of our website without revealing personally identifiable information such as your name, email address, phone number, etc. However, when you place an order, set up a Customer Account, choose to submit the “Contact Us” form, and/or sign up for any optional services (such as our e-Newsletter), you are giving your consent for us to have, use, and retain all the personally identifiable information that you provide to us. This information is collected for the purpose of  providing you goods and services and responding to your requests. In such instances, we may also choose to maintain a record of the personally identifiable information you provided in order to respond to your future requests and/or offer better service to you in the event you contact us again.
We do not rent, sell, or trade this information to third parties or use this information for anything other than the business purposes for which it is intended.
By using our website, you acknowledge your acceptance of the Privacy Policy that was posted and in effect at the time of use.
Your Email AddressIf you have previously provided us with your contact information, we may offer e-communications that we feel correspond with your user preferences, such as newsletters, emails, links to blogs, account service information, special offers for “Friends of Busy Beaver,” or other similar materials. You have the right to opt out of any or all of these communications at any time through the “opt out” feature, which is typically located at the bottom of emails you receive from us.
You are also invited to voluntarily participate in special programs (such as user polls, questionnaires, surveys, etc.) which we use to obtain feedback from our customers in order to improve the products and services we offer.
Aggregated DataAggregated Data is information that does not, by itself, identify you as a specific individual. Such information includes, but is not limited to, the Uniform Resource Locator (“URL”) of the website that referred you to us, your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address (which is a number that is automatically generated and assigned to your computer or mobile device when you surf the web), your operating system and browser type, any search terms you enter, etc. Our web server uses this aggregated information to monitor the level of internet activity, evaluate our internet effectiveness, and other similar activities to improve our website content and make your website visit a user-friendly and enjoyable experience.
We may collect, compile, store, publish, report, or otherwise use and/or disclose any Aggregated Data, provided that such information does not personally identify you. We do not correlate personally identifiable information with the Aggregated Data we collect. If in the future, any Aggregated Data were to be correlated with personally identifiable information, this correlated Aggregated Data would be treated with the same Privacy Protections with which we treat your personally identifiable information.
Use of CookiesA “cookie” is a small data file transferred to your computer’s hard drive that allows a website to respond to you as an individual, by gathering and storing information about your user preferences in order to provide a more customized user experience based on your likes and dislikes. Cookies also offer users the convenience of not having to re-enter information they have already provided over and over again.
Most internet browsers (such as Microsoft Internet Explorer, Google Chrome, Firefox, etc.) are automatically set to accept cookies. However, we wish to inform you that you may adjust these cookie settings by following the instructions on your own computer or mobile devices, if you desire. Types of adjustment include: notifying you of cookie placement requests, refusing certain types of cookies, or turning off the cookie function. Please note that some websites features may not be available or may not display correctly, if cookies are turned off completely.
Certain personalized features (such as select ordering or browsing functions) require that a cookie be sent to the user’s computer hard drive and/or use cookie-based authentication to verifier properly registered users. However, the use of cookies is considered a standard and acceptable website practice. Our use of cookies does not provide us with access to your computer or mobile device. In addition, our Company has chosen not use “surveillance” cookies which are designed to track users’ internet activity elsewhere on the web.
Use of Third-Party Media and Related CompaniesOur website may run limited third-party ads and/or links (on our website, in blogs, in newsletters, etc.) for partners with whom we link. Links to third-party ads are provided for the information and convenience of our users and do not constitute an endorsement.
This Privacy Policy does not cover the data security practices of other websites that may have links to our website, nor do we control their content or privacy policies. Therefore, we suggest you review the privacy policies of every website you visit.
Customer NoticeWhen you place an order for products or services, we collect personally identifiable Information (such as first and last name, address, email address, telephone number, billing information, credit card, and other transaction information). We use this information to deliver your order, process payment, and to communicate with you about the status of your order. Credit card information collected is transmitted over a secure SSL connection and is used only to process payment for the transaction (it is not stored or retained on our website).  Customer AccessWe recognize your right to access your own personal information. As a valued customer, you have the opportunity to review your personal data and make choices about how it can be used and shared. In the event your personal information is intended to be used for purposes that are incompatible with the purposes for which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized by you, or disclosed to an unrelated third party, we will inform you and offer you the ability to opt out of such uses and/or disclosures. If we need to disclose sensitive personal information to an unrelated third party or use it for a purpose that is incompatible with the purpose for which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized by you, we will obtain your express consent. We may also be required to disclose personal information in response to lawful requests made by public authorities necessary for national security and/or law enforcement requirements.
We will allow you to have access to your own personal information and allow you to correct, amend, or delete any inaccurate information, except where the burden or expense of providing such access would be disproportionate to the risks to the individual’s privacy regarding the case in question, or where the rights of persons, other than the individual, would be violated.
If you have any data questions or concerns, or if you wish to access your personally identifiable information, you may contact us at the following address:Ms. Christen Carter, PresidentBusy Beaver Button Co.3407 W. Armitage AvenueChicago, IL 60647Email: Christen@BusyBeaver.net Customer ChoiceWe offer individuals the opportunity to choose (opt out) whether their personal information is to be disclosed to a third party or to be used for a purpose that is materially different from the purposes for which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized by the individuals. It is not necessary to provide choice when disclosure is made to a third party acting as an agent to perform tasks on behalf of and under the instructions of the Company, when the third party is also adhering to GDPR requirements and to the Privacy Shield framework. We do not rent, sell, or trade this information to third parties or use this information for anything other than the business purposes for which it is intended.
Data Integrity and Purpose LimitationWe process personal information in a way that is compatible with and relevant for the purposes for which it was originally collected from or subsequently authorized by the individual. To the extent necessary for these purposes, the Company shall take reasonable measures to ensure that personal information collected is accurate, complete, current, and reliable for its intended use.
The Sharing of Personally Identifiable InformationWe are legally permitted to share the personally identifiable information you provide internally within our company and with our trusted business partners, as necessary to complete the purposes for which the personally identifiable information was originally obtained, as well as with those who provide services to our website (collectively: “our Partners”). Our Partners, with whom any personally identifiable information is shared, are expected to abide by all applicable GDPR requirements.
Data SecurityThe security of your personal information is our high priority. We protect this information by taking reasonable steps in maintaining physical, technical, and procedural safeguards to protect your personal information from loss, misuse, error, unauthorized access or disclosure, alteration, and destruction. We use a self-assessment approach to periodically review our privacy policies to ensure they are accurate, properly displayed, consistent with privacy principles, and are appropriate for the purposes for which the information was intended to be collected and used. Access to the information collected and maintained by the Company is limited to you and selected Company employees who are responsible for using, maintaining and updating your account.
Law Enforcement and other Legal Compliance RequirementsFrom time to time, we may be required to provide personally identifiable information in response to court orders, subpoenas, government investigations, or other matters of legal, investigative, and/or national importance. We also reserve the right to report to law enforcement agencies any activities that we in good faith believe to be unlawful. We may release personally identifiable information when we believe that such release is reasonably necessary to protect the rights, property, and/or safety of others and ourselves.
Should our Company or its related entities ever merge with or be acquired by another business entity, or its respective assets be acquired, we may need to share some or all of your personally identifiable information with companies involved in these actions, especially those companies who may be assuming the role of serving you in the future.
Non-EU CountriesIn order to fulfill the purposes for which your personally identifiable information is obtained, some or all of your information may need to be involved in data transfers to various non-EU countries around the world, including the United States of America. By submitting your personally identifiable information to us via our website, emails, program participation, or through any other means, you authorize your consent to such transfers to non-EU countries and to the potential processing of this information in various countries around the world.
Contact InformationBusy Beaver Button Co.’s privacy policy is available by request and is posted on our website at:https://www.busybeaver.net/    Any questions, comments, or concerns regarding can be mailed or emailed to:Ms. Christen Carter, PresidentBusy Beaver Button Co.3407 W. Armitage AvenueChicago, IL 60647Email: Christen@BusyBeaver.net This privacy policy may be amended from time to time as required in a manner that is consistent with GDPR provisions. We will make all updated privacy policies available upon request and post them on our company website.Effective Date: 5/25/2018
×