http://www.kds-solutions.co.uk/privacy/
Home
Privacy
Privacy
Privacy Policy
KDS Solutions guarantees our commitment to respecting and protecting your online privacy.
This includes your need and your right to know what we do with any personal information you share with us. It also guides our policies regarding the management of this data, including how the information is collected, processed, and for what purposes.
" KDS Solutions" in this policy refers to our web pages. By accessing this website you are consenting to the way information is collected and used, as described within this Privacy Policy and our terms and conditions.
In return, KDS Solutions gives the commitment that we will use the personal data you provide only in ways we clearly state on our website and that are compatible with the following Privacy Policy:
The collection of information
Every time you log on to our website your IP (Internet Protocol) address registers on our servers. Your IP address reveals no information other than the number assigned to you. We do not use this technology to get any personal data against your knowledge or free will (i.e., automatically recording e-mail addresses of visitors). Nor do we use it for any purpose other than to help us monitor traffic on our website, or (in case of criminal activity or misuse of our information) to cooperate with law enforcement.
Cookies
KDS Solutions may send “cookies” to your computer. Cookies are fragments of data sent through the web server and stored in your hard drive. Cookies can’t read the files stored in your computer, nor can they gather information. The purpose of cookies is just to monitor the traffic on the site, so we know which pages you have visited, making it easier for you to download the information the next time you look at our pages.  If you do not wish to have cookies set, you can reset your browser to refuse cookies or to notify you when a cookie is sent, although doing this may interfere with the quality and speed of your browsing experience since some features won’t work as they were meant to. You may wish to visit www.aboutcookies.org, which contains comprehensive information on how to do this on a wide variety of desktop browsers.
KDS Solutions does not sell the information you give us to anybody, nor does it change your computer settings. All data provided through the website when you register are kept in compliance with the Data Protection Act. If you have any questions about this policy you can contact us here.
Data Protection Laws ( DP Laws) means the Data Protection Act 1998 which, in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR) will be replaced by the Data Protection Act 2018 and any other applicable privacy laws or regulations.
Privacy
LV Switchgear Solutions
KDS work with several main manufacturers to select the most appropriate solution to suit our customers requirements and constraints.
Our solutions are based around Eaton xEnergy, Schneider Electric & Cubic Modular Systems.
Read More
Lighting & Power Distribution Boards
Our dual metered split load lighting & power board answers the needs for compliance with the latest building regulations.
We offer metered lighting & power boards utilising Eaton Electric, Schneider Electric and ABB.
Read More
Eaton xEnergy Partner
Eaton’s Licenced Panel Builder Partner for the West Midlands
We offer xEnergy switchboards up to 5000A
Factory built panelboards
Split load Lighting & Power boards
Read More
Service & Support
We provide the total solution for our customers.
From initial design, manufacturing & testing
To installation & commissioning
And with full engineering and technical backup
Read More
We use cookies on this website to improve how it works and how it’s used.
Accept & Continue