https://www2.mvfglobal.com/privacy_policy/55baa/71f55
California Consumer Privacy Act - Privacy Notice for California Consumers
This policy applies, in addition to our Privacy Policy, to visitors and users who are residents of the state of California (“consumers” or “you”) in compliance with the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”).
Information we collect
Our website collects personal information, as set out in the “What data we collect” section of our Privacy Policy.
Our website may have collected the following categories of Personal Information (as defined in the CCPA) from our consumers in the last twelve months:
Category
Fields
A. Identifiers
First name, last name, email address, telephone number, IP address
B. Personal Information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code 1798.80(e)).
First name, last name, email address, telephone number, IP address and other electronic data submitted, stored, sent or received by the consumers.
Some personal information in this category may overlap with other categories.
C. Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
None.
D. Commercial information.
Interest in specific product or service to receive quotes in relation to.
E. Biometric information.
None.
F. Internet or other similar network activity.
IP address.
G. Geolocation data.
Extracted from the IP address.
H. Sensory data.
None.
I. Professional or employment-related information.
None.
J. Non-public information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)).
None.
K. Inferences drawn from other personal information.
None.
“Personal Information” does not include:
Publicly available information from government records;
Deidentified or aggregated consumer information;
Information excluded from the CCPA’s scope such as health or medical information covered by the Health Insurance Portability Accountability Act 1996 and the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act and personal information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws.
We have obtained the Personal Information listed in the table above directly from you when you submit a form through our website and indirectly from you (for example, through cookie or other tracking mechanisms). For more information about how we collect your Personal Information, see the “What we collect, and how” section of our Privacy Policy.
How we use your Personal Information
We may use or disclose the Personal Information we collect from you for the purposes set out in the “How we use your data” section of the Privacy Policy.
Sharing Personal Information
MVF does not sell Personal Information, as defined in the CCPA. For information about how we share your Personal Information with third parties, see the “How we use your data” section of our Privacy Policy.
California Consumers’ Individual Rights
The CCPA provides California consumers with certain rights in relation to their Personal Information. This section describes your rights and explains how you can exercise them.
Right to know:
Subject to certain limitations, the CCPA provides you with the right to request that we disclose more information about the categories or specific pieces of Personal Information we have collected about you over the last 12 months. To make such a request, you can call us on +18558180062 or please email us at dataprotection@mvfglobal.com.
Right to request deletion:
Subject to certain limitations, the CCPA provides you with the right to request that your Personal Information is deleted. To make such a request, you can call us on +18558180062 or please email us at dataprotection@mvfglobal.com. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable request, we will delete (and direct the third party suppliers who we pass your information to in order to provide the service to delete) your Personal Information from our records, unless an exception applies.
Right to opt-out
MVF does not sell Personal Information as defined in the CCPA. You can choose to opt-out of offers, promotions and other emails by clicking unsubscribe in any email messages you receive or within our Preference Centre.
How does the verification process work?
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonable verify you are the person about whom we collected Personal Information
Describe your request with a sufficient level of detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with Personal Information if we cannot verify your identity.
Response
We will aim to respond to a verifiable request within forty-five days of its receipt. If we require more time, we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. We will deliver our written response by email.
To begin the verification process, please email us at dataprotection@mvfglobal.com and from there, we will take you through the process.