https://www2.ascensus.com/privacy-management
Skip to main content
Home › Privacy Management
Privacy Management
Effective September 2019
Protecting your privacy is fundamental to the way Ascensus Group, LLC and its affiliated companies (“Ascensus,” “we,” or “us”) conducts business. The purpose of this webpage is to inform you how we collect, use, and share the personal information we collect about you from your use of our (i) websites; (ii) mobile apps, if applicable; (iii) products and/or services (collectively, the “Services”); or (iv) when you otherwise interact with us or receive a communication from us.
Our Information Collecting Practices
For detailed information regarding our collection of personal information (i.e., Why we collect it; How we use it; and Your options for limiting our receipt of such personal information) please visit the Ascensus Privacy Policy.
Additional Protections
Ascensus complies with all applicable federal regulations related to the handling and processing of your personal information. In addition to these laws, some states provide its residents additional protections and rights regarding our use of personal information. To learn more about your state’s additional privacy rights, if applicable, please review the section below titled, State Privacy Rights.
Note that we never sell your personal information. We also do not share your personal information unless permitted or required by law or contract.
Contact Directory
Ascensus appreciates your business and strives to provide an enhanced customer service experience. For privacy related questions, please use one of the following contact methods:
General Privacy Related Inquiries:
For general questions regarding Ascensus privacy policies, please contact us through one of the following means:
Email address: Privacy@ascensus.com
Regular Mail: 200 Dryden Road, Suite 4000, Dresher, PA 19025  Attn: Compliance Department
Specific Privacy Related Inquiries:
For specific questions regarding a particular financial product, please contact us by telephone at the number displayed on the Contact Us page or at the number located on your plan documents or account statements.
For any questions regarding your rights under a particular state’s laws, please refer to your state’s section under State Privacy Rights, below, for contact information. If your state is not listed below, then your state does not have any additional rights beyond those addressed in the Ascensus Privacy Policy, and you may contact us as described above for general or product-specific inquiries.
Note:  To help assure your personal information is kept confidential, we require that you identify yourself when calling by providing specific information, such as your account information and other identifying information.
State Privacy Rights
If your state of residence has privacy laws related to your personal information, and you have questions or would like to exercise such rights, please refer to your applicable state’s Privacy Statement section below:
If there is no Privacy Statement section listed for your state that means no additional privacy rights, beyond current federal statutes or regulations, exist within your state at this time.
California
PRIVACY STATEMENT – CALIFORNIA
This PRIVACY NOTICE FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS supplements the information contained in the Ascensus Privacy Policy and applies solely to those who reside in the State of California (“consumers” or “you”). Ascensus Group, LLC and its affiliated companies (“Ascensus,” “we,” or “us”) adopt this notice to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) and other California privacy laws. Any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this statement.
Note that we never sell your personal information. We also do not share your personal information unless permitted or required by law or contract.
Information We Collect
We collect Personal Information.
For purposes of the CCPA, personal information is information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked directly or indirectly with a particular consumer or device.
In particular, we’ve collected for a business purpose, the following categories of personal information from consumers within the last 12 months:
Identifiers.A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, Social Security number, driver's license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers.
Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).A name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver's license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information. Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories.
Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status, genetic information (including familial genetic information).
Commercial information.Records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Internet or other similar network activity.Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer's interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.
Professional or employment-related information.Current or past job history; employer names and addresses.
Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)).Education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial information, or student disciplinary records.
In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have not sold any personal information.
The categories of Personal Information noted above are obtained from the following categories of sources:
Directly from our clients or their agents. For example, from documents that our clients provide to us related to the services for which they engage us.
Indirectly from our clients or their agents. For example, through information we collect from our clients in the course of providing services to them.
Directly and indirectly from activity on our websites. For example, from submissions through our website portal or website usage details collected automatically.
From third parties that interact with us in connection with the services we perform for you. For example, from affiliated institutions that provide specified financial service products.
Use of Personal Information
We use or disclose the personal information we collect for one or more of the following business purposes:
To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us. For example, if we receive your personal information in order for us to maintain or administer your retirement or educational savings plan, we will use that information to provide you those services.
To provide you with email alerts, event registrations and other notices concerning our products or services, or events or news, that may be of interest to you.
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collections.
To maintain and improve our website.
To protect the rights, property or safety of Ascensus, our clients or others as is necessary or appropriate.
To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, rule, regulation, court order, or governmental regulations.
To fulfill or meet the reason for which the information is provided.
As described to you when collecting your personal information or as otherwise set forth in the CCPA.
To evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by us is among the assets transferred.
We won’t collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice. Notice will be in the form of an update to this Privacy Management Page.
Note that the following information is excluded from the scope of the CCPA:
Publicly available information from government records (if used for a purpose compatible with the purpose for which the data is maintained and made available in the government records).
De-identified or aggregated consumer information. De-identified information is information that can’t reasonably identify, relate to, or describe a particular consumer.
In other words the information can’t be traced to any particular person. Aggregated information is information about a group of consumers from which individual consumer identities have been removed.
Health or medical information covered by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) and the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act (CMIA) or clinical trial data; and
Personal information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FRCA), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) or California Financial Information Privacy Act (FIPA), and the Driver's Privacy Protection Act of 1994.
Sharing Personal Information
In order to effectively deliver our services to you, your personal information may be disclosed to a third party for a business purpose, in accordance with the Information We Collect section above.
This may include but not be limited to (i) our affiliates; (ii) service providers (e.g., a print vendor with responsibility to produce and/or mail paper statements and notices; or (iii) the applicable custodial banking institutions who hold your money); and third parties to whom you or your agents authorize us to disclose your personal information in connection with products or services we provide to you.
Prior to any such disclosure to any third party, we require an executed contract that describes the specified purpose and requires the recipient to both keep that personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose, except to perform the specific services stated within such contract.
Your Rights and Choices
California law provides California residents with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes your California privacy rights and explains how to exercise those rights.
Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months. Once we receive and verify your request, we’ll disclose specific information to you as it relates to your account regarding:
The categories of personal information we collected about you.
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting that personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.
The specific items of personal information we collected about you which are subject to such disclosure.
Deletion Request Rights
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we’ll delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies. Accordingly, we may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service providers to:
Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested or that a third party requested on your behalf, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you or the sponsor of your plan or account.
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 seq.).
Comply with a legal obligation.
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided the information.
Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights
To receive access to your personal information or to request a deletion:
Method 1
To access your personal information, please log into your existing account profile within the applicable secure portal, which enables you to view your account balance and other associated personal details.
Method 2
If you are unable to use Method 1, we suggest you contact us at the number located on your plan documents or account statements.
Method 3
For general inquiries or requests with respect to your rights under CCPA, please submit a request to one of the following options:
Phone: 844-981-1392
Email Address: Privacy@ascensus.com
Address: 200 Dryden Road, Suite 4000, Dresher, PA 19025, Attention: Compliance Department
Please note that we’ll need to verify your identity before we can discuss your request any details about your account.
Only you or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative; and
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with any personal information if we cannot verify your identity or if we determine that you do not have the authority to make the request or confirm the personal information relates to you.
Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. To verify a consumer request, we’ll only use personal information previously provided to us to verify the requestor's identity and authority to make the request.
Response Timing and Format
We try to respond to a verifiable consumer request within 45 days.
If we require more time (up to 90 days), we’ll inform you of the reason and extension period in writing.
If you have an account with us, we’ll deliver our written response to the address on record for that account.
If you do not have an account with us, we’ll deliver our written response by mail or electronically. Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request's receipt. The response we provide will also explain the reasons why we can’t comply with a request, if applicable. For data portability requests, we’ll select a format to provide your personal information that is secure and readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.
Generally we don’t charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded.
If we determine the request warrants a fee, we’ll tell you why that decision was made and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
Non-Discrimination
We won’t discriminate against any California resident in the exercise of their CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we won’t do any of the following solely because you exercised your CCPA rights:
Deny you goods or services.
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
Changes to Our Privacy Notices
We reserve the right to amend this privacy notice at any time at our discretion. When we make changes to this privacy statement, we’ll notify you through a notice on our website.