https://wykamol.com/privacy-policy
Search...
Home
About Wykamol
Products
Downloads
New Projects
Training & CPD
Products
About
Contact Us
News
Search
Make An Enquiry
Find a Distributor
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy for Wykamol.com
Post Date - 18/05/2018
By accessing and using this website, you hereby agree to the terms of this privacy policy.
Sections A and B of this Document define the terminology used in Section C of this Document.
Section A - Definitions
(1) Personal Data
Personal Data refers to data about a living individual who can be identified from that data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).
(2) Usage Data
Usage Data is data collected automatically, either generated by the use of this website or from the website infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
(3) Cookies
Cookies are small pieces of data stored on a User's device.The Wykamol Group's website may use "cookies" to tell us which parts of our website people have visited, help us measure the effectiveness of web searches, and give us insights into user behaviour, so we can improve our communications, listings and products.
Because cookies are used throughout our websites, disabling them may effect the way you view our website content. The cookies used on our website have been categorised based on the guidelines found in the ICC UK Cookie Guide. We use the following cookie categories on our website:
Category 2 - Performance Cookies
These cookies collect information about how you use our website - for instance, which pages you go to most. This data may be used to help optimise our website and make it easier for users in general. These cookies are also used to let us know if you came to our website from an affiliate. These cookies don't collect information that identifies you. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous.
Category 3 - Functionality Cookies
These cookies allow our website to remember choices you make while browsing. For instance, we may store your geographic location in a cookie to ensure that we show you our website localised for your area, language and viewing abilities. We may also remember preferences such as text size, fonts and other customised site elements. They may also be used to keep track of what featured products or videos you have viewed in order to prevent repetitive content. The information in these cookies will not personally identify you and they cannot track your browsing activity on any website other that this one.
Data Controller
Data Controller refers to a person (either alone or as a team of individuals) who determines the purpose for which and the manner in which any personal data are, or are to be, processed.
Data Processor (Or Service Providers)
Data Processor (Or Service Provider) refers to any person who is not employed by the Wykamol Group, who processes data on behalf of the Data Controllers. We may use services of various Service Providers in order to process the data collected on the website and analyse it more effectively to improve the overall website experience.
Data Subject
Data Subject is any person who is the subject of Personal Data.
User
The User is the individual using this website. The User corresponds to the Data Subject, who is the subject of the Personal Data.
Section B - Information Collection and Use
Types of Data Collected
(1) Personal Data
While using our website, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Email AddressFirst name and last namePhone NumberAddress, Town, City, County and Post CodeTelephone NumberCookies and Usage DataWe may use your Personal Data to contact you regarding an enquiry by telephone or by email, depending on your indicated preference. We may contact you with newsletters, marketing and promotional materials and other information we consider to be of genuine interest to you, if you have opted to receive such updates. You may opt out of receiving these emails at any time, by following the unsubscribe link with the email. You may subscribe at any time but using the 'Subscribe' option at the bottom of every page on this website.
Usage Data
We may also collect information on how our website is accessed and used ("Usage Data"). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP Address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our website that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
Tracking and Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our website and hold certain information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, this may affect the way in which you view and use portions of our website.
Examples of Cookies we use:
Session Cookies - We use Session Cookies to operate our websitePreference Cookies - We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settingsSecurity Cookies - We use Security Cookies to ensure the security of our data and our User's dataSection C
Use of Data
The Wykamol Group Limited use the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain our websiteTo notify you about changes to our websiteTo allow you to participate in interactive features of our website when you choose to do soTo provide customer supportTo gather analysis or valuable information so that we can develop and improve our websiteTo monitor the usage and effectiveness of our websiteTo detect, prevent and address technical issuesTo provide you with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about, if you have opted to receive such information.Retention of Data
The Wykamol Group will retain your Personal Data, only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent that is necessary to comply with legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with certain applicable laws), resolve disputes and enforce any legal agreements and policies.
Wykamol will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our website, or when we are legally obliged to retain this data for longer periods of time.
Transfer of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to - and maintain on - computers located outside of your town, city, county or country, especially if you are accessing our website from outside the UK.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy, by remaining on the website, followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer. The Wykamol Group Ltd will take all reasonable steps to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy, and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organisation or country, unless there are adequate controls in place, including the security of your data and other personal information.
Disclosure of Data
Disclosure of Law Enforcement
Under certain circumstances, Wykamol may be required to disclose your Personal Data, if required to do so by law, or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or government agency).
Legal Requirements
The Wykamol Group Ltd may disclose your Personal Data, in good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
Comply with a legal obligationProtect and defend the rights or property of the Wykamol Group LtdPrevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the websiteProtect the personal safety of users of the website or the general publicProtect against legal liability Security of Data
The security of your data is important to The Wykamol Group, but we ask you to kindly remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure, and to consider this when submitting Personal Data on this and any website. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee absolute security.
Your Rights
The Wykamol Group Ltd aims to take responsible steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete or limit the use of your Personal Data. It is the User's responsibility to contact Head Office on 0845 400 6666 to delete or amend their Company Name, Address, Telephone Number and email address, after it has been submitted via our website. If we become aware of an update on Personal Data we have stored, we will amend accordingly of our own initiative.
In certain circumstance, you have the right to:
Access and receive a copy of the Personal Data we hold about youRectify any Personal Data held about you that is inaccurateRequest the deletion of Personal Data held about youPlease note that we will ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate and optimize our website, and to assist us in analyzing how our website is used. These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform tasks on our behalf and have a legal obligation not to disclose this information outside of the Wykamol Group, nor to use it for any other purpose than those outlined in the perimeters of this document.
Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our website.This website's analytics is processed and recorded by Google Analytics - A service provided by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our website. This data is used and shared with other Google Services, in the same way Google uses your data when completing a Google Search - to contextualize and personalize the ads of it's own advertising network.Please note that the Wykamol Group does not publish adverts on its website, and therefore does not use it's analytics to create target adverts.
You can opt-out of having your activity on this website made available to Google Analytics by installing Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics Javascript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits and activity.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google Analytics, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: http://­www.­google.­com/­intl/­en/­policies/­privacy/
Links to Other Sites
Our website contains links to other websites that may not be operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's website. The above privacy policy is applicable to this site and not to third party websites. When leaving this website, please read the privacy policy applicable to the website you are visiting, as we have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services. If you do not agree with a third party's privacy policy, please do not use that website.
Children's Privacy
Our website does not address anyone under the age of 13 ("Children").
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children have provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from Children, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Any changes to our Privacy Policy will be posted to this page. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are live on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By Email: info@wykamol.comBy visiting the Contact Us page on this websiteBy Phone: 0845 400 6666By Post: Wykamol Group Ltd, Unit 3 Boran Court, Network 65 Business Park, Hapton, Burnley, BB11 5TH