http://yorkshirecopper.com/privacy-policy/
Yorkshire Copper Tube | Privacy Policy - Yorkshire Copper Tube
Home
Products
Yorkex
Kuterlon
Minibore
Medical Gas
Kuterlex
Kuterlex Plus
Kuterlex Gas
Nordics
Quality
Environment
Contact
About
Mueller Industries Inc.
Modern Slavery Statement
Mueller Approach to Tax
Company History
Privacy Policies
Downloads
Data Cards
Product Approvals
ISO Certificates
Close
Share
|
Project description
|
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy Notice
The policy: This privacy policy notice is for this website; www.yorkshirecopper.com and served by Mueller Europe Ltd, Oxford St, Bilston, WV14 7DS and governs the privacy of those who use it. The purpose of this policy is to explain to you how we control, process, handle and protect your personal information while browsing or using this website, including your rights under current laws and regulations. If you do not agree to the following policy you may wish to cease viewing / using this website.
Policy key definitions:
"I", "our", "us", or "we" refer to the business, Mueller Europe Ltd, Wednesbury Tube, Yorkshire Copper.
"you", "the user" refer to the person(s) using this website.
GDPR means General Data Protection Act.
PECR means Privacy & Electronic Communications Regulation.
ICO means Information Commissioner's Office.
Cookies mean small files stored on a users computer or device.
Processing of your personal data
Under the GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation) we control and / or process any personal information about you electronically using the following lawful bases.
Lawful basis: Consent
The reason we use this basis: So users can opt-in to our electronic communications
We process your information in the following ways: When you consent to receive our newsletter or email updates we use the data so we can contact you with the information you have requested. Data is kept securely using a GDPR compliant email marketing system (please see Email marketing section on this page).
Data retention period: We will continue to process your information under you withdraw consent or it is determined your consent no longer exists.
Sharing your information: We do not share your information with third parties.
Lawful basis: Contract
The reason we use this basis: Contracts with our clients require information to be processed in-line with the work we are contracted to undertake
We process your information in the following ways: The data we store is kept secure and encrypted and used only within the scope of the contract
Data retention period: We shall continue to process your information until the contract between us ends or is terminated under any contract terms.
Sharing your information: We do not share your information with third parties.
Lawful basis: Legitimate interests
The reason we use this basis: Where we have been contacted with an enquiry into our business, we will respond to the person making the enquiry, with our current client base to keep the informed of latest news and important information regarding the nature of their engagement with us.
We process your information in the following ways: Website contact forms and opt-in marketing tools such as email marketing systems
Data retention period: 1 year
Sharing your information: We do not share your information with third parties.
If, as determined by us, the lawful basis upon which we process your personal information changes, we will notify you about the change and any new lawful basis to be used if required. We shall stop processing your personal information if the lawful basis used is no longer relevant.
Your individual rights
Under the GDPR your rights are as follows. You can read more about your rights in details here;
the right to be informed;
the right of access;
the right to rectification;
the right to erasure;
the right to restrict processing;
the right to data portability;
the right to object; and
the right not to be subject to automated decision-making including profiling.
You also have the right to complain to the ICO [www.ico.org.uk] if you feel there is a problem with the way we are handling your data.
We handle subject access requests in accordance with the GDPR.
Internet cookies
We use cookies on this website to provide you with a better user experience. We do this by placing a small text file on your device / computer hard drive to track how you use the website, to record or log whether you have seen particular messages that we display, to keep you logged into the website where applicable, to display relevant adverts or content, referred you to a third party website.
Some cookies are required to enjoy and use the full functionality of this website.
We use a cookie control system which allows you to accept the use of cookies, and control which cookies are saved to your device / computer. Some cookies will be saved for specific time periods, where others may last indefinitely. Your web browser should provide you with the controls to manage and delete cookies from your device, please see your web browser options.
Please see our Cookie Policy for information on what cookies we use and how we use them.
Data security and protection
We ensure the security of any personal information we hold by using secure data storage technologies and precise procedures in how we store, access and manage that information. Our methods meet the GDPR compliance requirement.
Transparent Privacy Explanations
We have provided some further explanations about user privacy and the way we use this website to help promote a transparent and honest user privacy methodology.
Sponsored links, affiliate tracking & commissions
Our website may contain adverts, sponsored and affiliate links on some pages. These are typically served through our advertising partners; Google Adsense, eBay Partner Network, Amazon Affiliates, or are self served through our own means. We only use trusted advertising partners who each have high standards of user privacy and security. However we do not control the actual adverts seen / displayed by our advertising partners. Our ad partners may collect data and use cookies for ad personalisation and measurement. Where ad preferences are requested as 'non-personalised' cookies may still be used for frequency capping, aggregated ad reporting and to combat fraud and abuse.
Clickable sponsored or affiliate links may be displayed as a website URL like this; www.thetafhotel.co.uk or as a titled text link like this: Bed & Breakfast in Whitland.
Clicking on any adverts, sponsored or affiliate links may track your actions by using a cookie saved to your device. You can read more about cookies on this website above. Your actions are usually recorded as a referral from our website by this cookie. In most cases we earn a very small commission from the advertiser or advertising partner, at no cost to you, whether you make a purchase on their website or not.
We use advertising partners in these ways to help generate an income from the website, which allows us to continue our work and provide you with the best overall experience and valued information.
If you have any concerns about this we suggest you do not click on any adverts, sponsored or affiliate links found throughout the website.
Resources & further information
Overview of the GDPR - General Data Protection Regulation
Data Protection Act 1998
Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations 2003
The Guide to the PECR 2003
Twitter Privacy Policy
Facebook Privacy Policy
Google Privacy Policy
Linkedin Privacy Policy
Mailchimp Privacy Policy
Small business GDPR policy template
Mueller Europe Ltd
Oxford Street
Bilston
WV14 7DS
+ 44 (0)1902 499700
+44 (0)1902 405838
sales@muellereurope.com
Home
Products
Quality
Environment
About
Downloads
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
A Mueller Industries Company
Site created by Brand Newark
Yorkshire Copper Tube is Registered in England 2045485 - VAT Registration No. GB 687 834 963
This site uses cookies so we can improve user experience: Find out more.Okay, thank you