http://ypba.com/?q=privacy
Skip to main content
Benchmarking: Yellow Pages
Yellow Pages Benchmarking Association
The Yellow Page Benchmarking Association (YPBA) is currently a free association of yellow page companies. YPBA conducts benchmarking studies to identify practices that improve the overall operations of the members.
To identify "Best in Class" yellow page business processes, which, when implemented, will lead member companies to exceptional performance.
You are hereHome
Register for Free Membership
Want this popup to stop? Register now for a FREE membership in Benchmarking Network, Inc. to view this page. Other benefits include:
A free subscription to the E-Benchmarking Newsletter
The opportunity to become involved in upcoming round table discussions
Information on sponsoring studies.
The privilege of being invited into ongoing studies
The ability to participate in benchmarking surveys
Register Now         Register Later
Already a Member?
Log in
This service is provided by The Benchmarking Network, Inc., an international resource for business process research and metrics. We lead studies with over 140,000 process leaders in over 65 countries. We provide benchmarking training and research to individual companies, professional and trade associations, and industry and process based groups. Since 1992, our over 300 benchmarking studies have spanned virtually all processes and industries to identify measures and collect data.
Privacy Policy
All names submitted to this site shall be used expressly for the purpose of networking organization in benchmarking studies. Names are used for this organization and also for the ebenchmarking™ Newsletter. No names submitted to this site are ever sold. If you suspect that others are using this list please call us at 1-888-323-6246. Individual's names are confidential and will not be released. However, a company or organization name may be listed as our member.
Register Now
Home
Request Information
Services
Studies
Training
Fasttrakk
Research
Subscribe to Newsletter
White Papers
Online Surveys
Search Online Surveys
Launch Online Surveys
Search Our Database
Education
Books
Courses
Training
International
Round Tables
Pharmaceutical Industry
Accounting and Finance
Contact Center
Customer Satisfaction
Electric Utility
Financial Services and Banking
Human Resources
Insurance Industry
Insurance Industry
International Council of Benchmarking Coordinators
Inventory Management
Procurement and Supply Chain
Six Sigma
Telecommunications
Current Initiatives
News/Press Releases
Members/Participants
About Us
Our Methods
Our Clients
Contact Us
Leave Feedback
Join Us On:
Search form
Search
Our Mission
The Benchmarking Network, Inc. is an international resource for business process research and metrics. We lead studies with over 140,000 process leaders in over 165 countries. We provide benchmarking training and research to individual companies, professional and trade associations, and industry and process based groups. Since 1992, our over 300 benchmarking studies have spanned virtually all processes and industries to identify measures and collect data to identify best practices including:
Leading individual and groups of organizations in face to face benchmarking efforts;
Creating Benchmarking databases to support benchmarking efforts;
Forming associations to share benchmarking information; and
Conducting sessions and writing books and papers on benchmarking topics.
Outsourcing Your Benchmarking
The key reasons that organizations outsource internal services include:
Outsource specialists have a better competency in delivering the process;
The workload for the process varies, making it difficult to effectively staff employees year round;
The process benefits from outside experiences;
Experienced specialists produce a higher quality result;
Independence from the politics of the organization improves the service; and
Experience means that outside providers can actually provide the service at a lower cost than doing it internally.
Outsourcing Benchmarking makes sense. Our clients have continually used our services to manage projects and facilitate the findings. We network over 5,000 process owners involved in Benchmarking and maintain relationships with key organizations that provide linkage to additional contacts. This allows us to forge out a custom group of Benchmark companies to meet very specific client needs.
Free Membership
Benefits of membership include:
A free subsrciption to the E-Benchmarking Newsletter
The opportunity to become invovled in roundtable discussions
Information on sponsoring studies
The privilege of being invited into ongoing studies
The ability to participate in benchmarking surveys
Register Now
Contact The Benchmarking Network Locally (M-F, US Central Time 8:00 AM - 5:00 PM)
+1-281-440-5044
Telecommunications Benchmarking International Group
Energy Benchmarking Group
International Institute of Internet Industry Benchmarking
Footer Menu
Home
Process Benchmarking Studies
Benchmarking Measures, Data, Metrics, and KPI's
News / Press Releases
Login
Members / Participants
Contact Us
© 1992 - 2020 The Benchmarking Network, Inc. - Terms of Use - Privacy Policy
The Benchmarking Network
Houston,
TX
281-440-5044