https://zerorh.com/us_EN/privacy-policy
Privacy Policies
Privacy Policy
1. Data controller
Zeroindustry SRL. with registered office in Via Nazionale dei Giovi, 251 - 20823 Lentate sul Seveso (MB) (the "Company", "Zeroindustry" or the "Holder") guarantees compliance with the regulations regarding the protection of personal data by providing the following information about the processing of data communicated or otherwise collected during navigation on this site.
2. Data processed, purposes and legal bases of processing
Generated data by accessing to the site
The computer systems and software procedures used to operate this site acquire, during their normal operation, some personal data whose transmission is implicit in the use of Internet communication protocols.
These data (such as domain names, IP addresses, operating system used, type of browser device used for connection) are not accompanied by any additional personal information and are used to: i) obtain anonymous statistical information on the use of the site; ii) manage control requirements on how to use it, iii) ascertain responsibility in case of hypothetical computer crimes.
The legal basis that legitimizes the processing of such data is the need to make usable the functionality of the site as a result of user access.
Data provided voluntarily by the user
The personal data provided by the user through registration form and during the purchase phase are collected and processed for the following purposes:
a. to carry out relations with the customer on the basis of contractual agreements. They can be used to directly verify the experience of using the platform and for order fulfillment
b. for administrative purposes and for the fulfillment of legal obligations (accounting, tax, or to comply with requests from the judicial authority);
c. in the presence of specific consent, to provide information about our products and services and to provide you with personalized offers (for example special offers) in writing via electronic communication (email, sms, push messages). Your personal data can be processed and collected to use analytical tools, including profiling. Treatment may include the fact that data on online behavior and use of social media are processed and collected.
The legal basis that legitimizes the treatment is the acceptance of the privacy policy with the consent freely provided by the interested party.
3. Nature of the contribution
Apart from what has been specified above for navigation data and for the data collected through zerorh.com , the provision of data:
• with respect to the purposes referred to in subparagraphs a), b), f) is optional but any refusal will make it impossible for zerorh.com to implement the contractual commitments undertaken.
• with respect to the purposes referred to in subparagraphs c), d) and e), it is also optional and their use is conditional upon the granting of an explicit consent. Any refusal will make it impossible for Zeroindustry to send newsletters and advertising material.
4. Data processing methods and data retention times
The collected data will be processed using electronic or automated means, computerized and telematic, or through manual processing with logic strictly related to the purposes for which the personal data were collected and, in any case, in such a way as to guarantee the security of the same. The data are kept for the time strictly necessary for the management of the purposes for which the data are collected in compliance with current regulations and legal obligations.
In any case, Zeroindustry practices rules that prevent the retention of data for indefinited time and therefore limits the storage time in compliance with the principle of minimization of data processing.
The data will be kept for as long as the accounts remain active or as long as necessary to provide services. If the account is closed, we retain personal data for a period that is necessary to continue to perform our business effectively, to preserve memory of transactions for financial reporting purposes, or for fraud prevention purposes, until such purposes will cease to exist, and to we’ll keep them as necessary, to comply with legal obligations.
5. Subjects authorized to process, responsible and communicate data
The processing of the collected data is carried out by Zeroindustry internal staff, that has been identified and authorized for the treatment according to specific instructions given in compliance with current legislation.
The data collected, if necessary or instrumental for the execution of the indicated purposes, may be processed by third parties appointed external processors, or, depending on the case, communicated to them as independent owners, namely:
the. companies belonging to our corporate group for the purposes referred to in point 1 lett. a), b) and f);
ii. people, companies, associations or professional firms that provide assistance and advice to our Company, for the purposes referred to in point 1 lett. b) and f);
iii. companies, associations that perform services connected and instrumental to the execution of the above mentioned purposes (market analysis and research service, credit card payments management, computer systems maintenance).
The collected data may also be transferred abroad, to companies that are not part of our corporate group, in the forms and methods provided for by current legislation, ensuring in any case an adequate level of protection.
In any case, personal data will never be disclosed.
6. Rights of the interested party
At any time you can access the data, oppose the processing or request the cancellation, modification or updating of all personal information collected by Zeroindustry, exercising the right to limit the processing and the right to data portability, sending a e-mail to the e-shop@zerorh.com address
In accordance with current legislation, it is possible to request the withdrawal of consent at any time or to propose a complaint to the competent Data Protection Authority (Data Protection Authority) to raise objections to any misuse of personal data.
7. Responsible for data protection
The owner has appointed the person in charge of data protection who can be contacted at the following e-mail address: e-shop@zerorh.com
Last updated: 23 May 2018
m