https://zerorh.com/us_EN/cookie-policy
Cookie Policy
What is a cookie and what is it used for?
A cookie is a small piece of data that is used to store information on your computer's browser or program data subfolders when you visit a website, such as ZERO INDUSTRY S.R.L. ("website"). They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the website.
What cookies does ZERO INDUSTRY S.R.L. use and for what purpose?
Our website uses various different types of cookies and similar technologies, each of which has a different function as set out in the list below:
Type of Cookies
Technical or browsing cookies
These cookies enable the website to function correctly and allow you to view it in your language and for your market from the first time you access it. They will recognise your country so that on any subsequent visits, you are directed straight to the relevant country website. They also allow you to create an account, log in and manage your orders. If you are a registered user, these cookies mean you will be recognised as such when you access the services offered to our registered users. These cookies will recognise if you make a purchase from the website through an affiliated or partner site so that we can fulfil any obligations we may have to those partner sites. These cookies are necessary for the website to function.
Functional cookies
These cookies enable the website to recognise you, following an explicit request from you (for example, if you click on "remember me"), every time you access the website, so that you don't have to type in your login details each time.
If you have added items to your Cart and closed the session without completing your purchase, but have not removed the items from your Cart, these cookies enable you to carry on shopping with the same Cart the next time you visit the website within a reasonable period of time.
These cookies are not essential for the website to function, but they improve the website and the browsing experience.
Analytical cookies
These cookies are used for example by Google Analytics in order to carry out statistical analyses of how users use our website through their computers or via our mobile applications, such as how many pages a user has visited or the number of mouse clicks made on a page while using the website. In such events, ZERO INDUSTRY S.R.L. processes the results of these analyses in an anonymous way and for statistics purposes only, provided that the service supplier uses the cookies in connection with the browser installed on your computer or other device used to browse our website.
Third-party cookie of marketing/retargeting
These are cookies used by third-party companies that we trust to show you ad banners on other websites affiliated to us featuring the latest ZERO INDUSTRY S.R.L. products you have viewed when browsing. While you are browsing our website these cookies are also used to show you banners featuring products that maybe of interest you or similar to products you have previously viewed based on your browsing history. The usage of these cookies does not usually imply the processing of personal data but it may create a connection with your computer or other device by tracking the information stored in it: these cookies are then connected to the browser installed on your computer or other device used during the navigation on our website.
NOTE: Some of the cookies mentioned above can be activated at specific times or after access to specific sections of the site.
How can I disable cookies?
Most web browsers (Internet Explorer, Firefox, etc.) are configured to automatically accept cookies. However, most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings, including the disabling of cookies at any time. We wish to make you aware, however, that disabling technical/browsing cookies or functional cookies may prevent our website from functioning correctly and/or may not allow you to fully and effectively take advantage of the services we offer.
To find out more about cookies, including how to manage and disable third-party or marketing/retargeting cookies, visit www.youronlinechoices.com.
In order to disable analytical cookies and to opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites, you can download the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser Add-on: tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
To view our privacy policy click here
List of cookies we collect
The table below lists the cookies we collect and what information they store.
Cookie NameCookie Description
FORM_KEY
Stores randomly generated key used to prevent forged requests.
PHPSESSID
Your session ID on the server.
GUEST-VIEW
Allows guests to view and edit their orders.
PERSISTENT_SHOPPING_CART
A link to information about your cart and viewing history, if you have asked for this.
STF
Information on products you have emailed to friends.
STORE
The store view or language you have selected.
USER_ALLOWED_SAVE_COOKIE
Indicates whether a customer allowed to use cookies.
MAGE-CACHE-SESSID
Facilitates caching of content on the browser to make pages load faster.
MAGE-CACHE-STORAGE
Facilitates caching of content on the browser to make pages load faster.
MAGE-CACHE-STORAGE-SECTION-INVALIDATION
Facilitates caching of content on the browser to make pages load faster.
MAGE-CACHE-TIMEOUT
Facilitates caching of content on the browser to make pages load faster.
SECTION-DATA-IDS
Facilitates caching of content on the browser to make pages load faster.
PRIVATE_CONTENT_VERSION
Facilitates caching of content on the browser to make pages load faster.
X-MAGENTO-VARY
Facilitates caching of content on the server to make pages load faster.
MAGE-TRANSLATION-FILE-VERSION
Facilitates translation of content to other languages.
MAGE-TRANSLATION-STORAGE
Facilitates translation of content to other languages.
__utma
persistent, time of visit of the user, need to third party service Google Analytics and Webmaster. It lasts two years
__utmb
persistent dropout rate (approximate value) of the user, need to third party service Google Analytics. It lasts 30 minutes
__utmc
persistent, calculates the duration of a visit of a user, required for third-party service Google Analytics. It lasts 30 minutes
__utmt
persistent, it handles the request trmit (throttle) to the service Google Analytics. It lasts 30 minutes
__utmz
persistent - source user, necessary for third-party service Google Analytics. It lasts 6 months
_ga
persistent, used to distinguish users - need to third party service Google Analytics. It lasts two years
_gat
persistent, used for the sole purpose of achieving a statistical analysis (using the service Google Analytics). It lasts 10 minutes.
PHPSESSID
session, in PHP necessary to identify the single session of a user.
LANG
persistent, used by the site to manage the user's language. It lasts 6-12 months