http://zoherandco.com/privacy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy for  zoherandco.com
The privacy of our visitors to  zoherandco.com is important to us.
At  zoherandco.com we recognize that privacy of your personal information is important. Here is information on what types of personal information we receive and collect when you use and visit  zoherandco.com, and how we safeguard your information. We never sell your personal information to third parties.
Log Files
As with most other websites, we collect and use the data contained in log files. The information in the log files include your IP (internet protocol) address, your ISP (internet service provider, such as AOL or Shaw Cable), the browser you used to visit our site (such as Internet Explorer or Firefox), the time you visited our site and which pages you visited throughout our site.
Cookies and Web Beacons
We do use cookies to store information, such as your personal preferences when you visit our site. This could include only showing you a popup once in your visit, or the ability to login to some of our features, such as forums.
DoubleClick DART cookies
We also may use DART cookies for ad serving through Googles DoubleClick, which places a cookie on your computer when you are browsing the web and visit a site using DoubleClick advertising (including some Google AdSense advertisements). This cookie is used to serve ads specific to you and your interests (interest based targeting). The ads served will be targeted based on your previous browsing history (For example, if you have been viewing sites about visiting Las Vegas, you may see Las Vegas hotel advertisements when viewing a non-related site, such as on a site about hockey). DART uses non personally identifiable information. It does NOT track personal information about you, such as your name, email address, physical address, telephone number, social security numbers, bank account numbers or credit card numbers. You can opt-out of this ad serving on all sites using this advertising by visiting
You can choose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third-party cookies in your browser settings, or by managing preferences in programs such as Norton Internet Security. However, this can affect how you are able to interact with our site as well as other websites. This could include the inability to login to services or programs, such as logging into forums or accounts.
If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers’ respective websites.
Share this...FacebookPinterestTwitterLinkedinStumbleUpon
Search
AdvertisementsPages
4 Uses That Make an Angle Grinder a Fantastic Tool to Have
5 Signs That You Should Start Seeing Your Cosmetic Dentist
A Simple Step-by-step Guide to Building A Retaining Wall Like A Professional
About
Appreciating the Convenience Brought by Using a Dishwasher
Appreciating the Perks of Working with an Expert Gardening Service
Bale Net Wrap Vs. Traditional Twine – What’s the Best Choice For Round Bales?
Benefits of Stone Retaining Walls
Building a House with Custom Builders Comes with Unique Perks
Buying a House From Display Villages
Choosing the Most Ideal Childcare Centre
Collapsible Shutter Gates: Collapsible Shutter Gates
Common Issues of Land Rover Cars
Conference Venues & Cost Adelaide – Should You Choose a Big Venue or a Small One?
Contact
Family Law: Who Do You Turn to When Being Together Is Pointless
Getting the Ideal Printer for your Business Needs
Great and Practical Reasons to Try a Food Delivery Service
Guide to Buying the Right Noise Meter for Your Needs
Hay Production and Storage Basics
Here are 3 Reasons Why Hiring an Expert Electrician Gawler Might Be the Best Move You Can Make
How A Mobility Scooter Can Help You To Enjoy Your Life
How and Where to Buy High-Quality Spendless Espadrilles
How to Choose Circular Saw Blades
How You Can Take Advantage of a Security Screen Door Installation
Information About Lanap Surgery
Invisalign: The Braces That Offer the Ultimate in Comfort
Is It The Best Time for You to Hire a Social Media Expert?
Legal Tools You Need to Know About Wills and Estates Adelaide Laws
Looking at Wedding Hire or Rental Company Perks
Metal Recyclers in Adelaide Are Proud to Work With Customers Who Need Scrap Metals
Privacy
Pros and Cons of Termi Turf Artificial Grass
Reasons to Reconsider Wearing High Heels All the Time
Roller Blinds the Affordable Home Make-Over Magic
Selecting the Ideal Floor Tiles and the Factors to Consider
Short Disability Courses Adelaide and Mental Health – An Overview
Should You Hire a Web Copywriter and Why?
Should You Use Baler Twine to Decorate Your Home?
The Advantages of a Mobile Skip You Don’t Get from a Conventional Skip Bin
The Advantages of Hiring Expert Fit Outs Services
The Advantages Of Managed IT Services
The Advantages of Using the Best Weighted Blanket for Adults
The Amazing Benefits Retaining Walls
The Clear Benefits and Perks of Split System ACs
The Importance of Pet Doors Adelaide
The Prospect of Ducted Gas Heating for Domestic Application
The Rationale of Hiring an Expert for Web Design
The Remarkable Appeal of Adding a Pergola on your Property
The Role of Digital Marketing in Extending Your Business’ Presence
Things to Know About Gas Heaters
Three Maintenance Tips for Keeping Steel Carports Melbourne in Perfect Shape
Top 3 Benefits of Aluminium Windows Adelaide
Top 4 Frequently Asked Questions When Looking for a Dentist Seaton – Learn More Info Here
What Are Built In Wardrobes Adelaide?
What are the Best Ways of Finding a Chiropractor?
What is Asbestos Testing and Why Should You Be Interested in It?
What Kinetic Rehabilitation Physio Can Do for You and Your Body
Why A Prospective Property Buyer Must Invest in Pre-Purchase Building Inspections
Why Are You Better Off Hiring an Expert in AC Installation?
Why Wear Veja Australia Sneakers as Dress Shoes?
Cinema projection has a limited lifetime
Recent Posts
The Convenience and Modernisation Brought By EnviroTemp
Cinema Screens & Motorised Curtains: Screen Space – A scholarly discussion
IMAX Screen Installation Timelapse at Celebration! Cinema Crossroads
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Uy3o4SR2VA CrikeySpeaking out December 10, 2020Good morning, early birds. Scott Morrison has suggested to parliament he will not be granted a speaking slot at a summit this weekend for countries with ambitious emissions targets, and an independent review of the ABC's 2019 election coverage has found overall coverage was impartial. It's the news you need to know, with Chris Woods. […] Chris WoodsThe great Mungo MacCallum is gone, and half a century goes with him December 10, 2020Crikey pays tribute to the veteran political commentator, wit and brilliant writer. The post The great Mungo MacCallum is gone, and half a century goes with him appeared first on Crikey. Charlie LewisTim Wilson’s anti-super crusade a worry for blinkered, vulnerable ALP December 10, 2020Labor can't underestimate its vulnerability on superannuation. If it does, it risks a repeat of the franking credits disaster. The post Tim Wilson’s anti-super crusade a worry for blinkered, vulnerable ALP appeared first on Crikey. Guy RundleGoogle deal nears, in a tribute to the rent-seeking ability of old media December 10, 2020The giant tech company is close to agreements with News Corp and most other publishers — but not Nine. The post Google deal nears, in a tribute to the rent-seeking ability of old media appeared first on Crikey. Christopher WarrenCurrencies TodayCurrency Converter
December 2020
M
T
W
T
F
S
S
123456
78910111213
14151617181920
21222324252627
28293031
« Oct