http://zoominc.org/privacy-policy/
301-299-7155
Menu
Call Today! 301-299-7155
Home
About Us
GSA & Navy BPA Furniture
MAPT & BRCPC Contracts
Manufacturers
Haskell Furniture
HON® Furniture
Humanscale Furniture
JRB Studio Furniture
Lutron Electronics
Swiftspace Furniture
Tayco Furniture
Teknion Furniture
Meet the Team
Industries
Government Furniture
Federal Government Furniture
Education Furniture
Healthcare Furniture
Hospital Furniture
Hospitality Furniture
Legal Office Furniture
Association Furniture
Sustainable Furniture
Commercial Office Furniture
Co-Working Furniture
Products
Seating
Soft Seating
Office Chairs
Intensive Use Office Chairs
Waiting Room Chairs
Conference Tables
Cubicles
Height Adjustable Desks
Custom Features
Commercial Storage
Workstations & Benches
Break Room Furniture Available in Washington, DC & Nationwide
Collaborative Furniture
Lighting
Front Desk Furniture
Library Furniture
Medical Recliners & Gliders
Caregiver Medical Furniture
Other Commercial Furniture
Services
Interior Design
Government Office Space Planning
Medical Space Planning
School Space Planning
Furniture Delivery
Furniture Installation
Project Management
Resources
Blog
Case Studies
Furniture Checklists
Government Office Checklist
Hotel Checklist
Medical Office Checklist
Office Checklist
Gallery
Contact Us
Customer Reviews
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us, and this policy will inform
you of the information that Zoom Inc. may collect from you, how it is used, and/or disclosed. By using
our Website, zoominc.org,
you are acknowledging and accepting the practices and information described in
this policy and on our Website.
Collecting Personal Information
When you visit our Website, we may collect personal and
non-personal information such as: domain name, IP Address, type of Internet
browser used, operating system, what brought you to our Website, which pages
you visited, and the length of time you were on each page. We work with third parties, using
cookies and other similar identifiers, to collect user data on our Website and
elsewhere on the Internet for the purposes of tracking and advertising. Additionally,
any information you willingly submit to us via our Website or otherwise will be
collected. We may use this information to contact you in the future regarding
specials, new products, services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Using Information
We may use the information we have collected primarily for
our own internal purposes, including improving our products, services, Website,
advertising, remarketing efforts, etc. However, we may also use your collected
information to contact you to respond to inquiries or provide information about
our services.
Protecting Information
Zoom Inc. generally follows accepted industry standards when it comes to
protecting the information you submit to us and that we gather, both during
transmission and once we receive it. We use appropriate data collection,
storage, and processing practices and security measures to protect against
unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of your personal
information, username, password, transaction information, and data stored on
our site.
Web Browser Cookies
We may use "cookies" to enhance your experience on
our Website. A cookie is a piece of data placed on your hard drive for
record-keeping purposes by your web browser that may sometimes track
information about you. You may choose to set your web browser to refuse cookies
or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you do so, note that some parts
of the Site may not function properly. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to
any personally identifiable information on our site.
Sharing Information
We do not sell, trade, or rent your personal identification
information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information
not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and
users with our business partners, trusted affiliates, and advertisers. We may
also disclose your customer information with third parties in order to perform
services on our behalf,
and we will obtain consent for such sharing where it is legally required.
We will disclose personal information and/or an IP Address
when required by law or in good-faith belief that such an action is necessary
to: cooperate with an investigation of purported unlawful activity, protect the
rights or property of our Website and related properties, or identify persons
who may be violating the law, the rights of third parties, or otherwise
misusing our Website or its related properties.
Please keep in mind that if you voluntarily submit your
information in a public forum on our related to our Website—such as a comment
section, discussion board, etc.—it may be collected and used by others, and we
have no control of how third parties may use your publically accessible
information.
Third-Party Websites
Zoom Inc.’s Website may contain links to third-party websites, including
links to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers,
sponsors, licensors, and other third parties. We do not control the content or
links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices
employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or
services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These
sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service
policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites
which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website’s own terms and
policies.
Privacy Policy Changes
Zoom Inc. may make changes to this privacy policy at our discretion. When
we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage
you to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we
are helping to protect the personal information we collect. By using our
Website, you acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review
this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your Consent
By using this site, you signify your acceptance of this policy.
If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued
use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed
your acceptance of those changes.
If you would like to opt out of our tracking, you may do so
here:
http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
If you have questions
about our privacy policy, please contact us.
Last updated: [5/12/2017]
Request A Quote
Name*Email*
Phone number*CompanyCityZipCountryProductCompanyHow can we help?Yes, I would like to sign up for your email newsletter
Yes, I would like to sign up for your email newsletter
No
Testimonials
Don’t take our word for it;
see what people are saying.
"Every day Zoom made my job so much easier and helped me get the hang of furniture buying. Zoom’s knowledge and professionalism are absolutely the best I have witnessed in all my government years. Thank you so very much for your patience and help!"
-
Read Testimonials
Differentiators
Why Zoom Inc.?
We offer you the best value solution because you will receive the best service. Our job is to make yours easier.
Services
From consultations and project management to specification and design, Zoom Inc. exceeds our clients’ expectations.
Our Blog
Read about what is going on at Zoom Inc. and in the world of furniture.
Past Performance Projects
Zoom Inc. has provided exceptional turnkey design, manufacturing, and installation solutions to several federal and commercial agencies.
Blogs & News
How to Choose the Right Waiting…
| Sep. 3, 2019 READ MORE
How Are Millennials Influencing Office Design?
| May. 10, 2019 READ MORE
Promote Workspace Well-Being through Office Design
| Apr. 23, 2019 READ MORE
Zoom Inc.
PO Box 2042 Rockville, MD 20847
Useful Links
Our Blog
Services
Manufacturers
Privacy Policy
Call Today! 301-299-7155301-299-7155
Read Our Reviews on Facebook
Follow Us
© 2020 Zoom Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Website Design by
Blue Corona
The information on this website is for informational purposes only; it is deemed accurate but not guaranteed. It does not constitute professional advice. All information is subject to change at any time without notice. Contact us for complete details.