http://30daygourmet.com/privacy-policy
Home
Recipes
Members
Member Recipes
Member Worksheets
Member Help
30 Day Gourmet, Inc. values your privacy. To keep you informed, we have created this privacy statement that discloses our purposes and methods for online collection and use of information. This statement applies to all information collected through the 30 Day Gourmet website.
Site Operator and Contact for Privacy Inquiries:
30 Day Gourmet, Inc.
P.O. Box 272
Brownsburg, IN 46112
USA
Privacy Contact: 30 Day Gourmet Site Administrator
Electronic Mail: Click here to contact us
Please DO NOT add our e-mail address to ANY mailing list!
Types of Information Collected
Generally, personal information is not collected from visitors to the 30 Day Gourmet website. However, in order to access certain special services, personal information is requested; those cases are described in more detail below.
Bulletin Board Registration
30 Day Gourmet requires a valid e-mail address for users who want to participate in our message board forums. This allows us to protect our community from abusive postings and provides a verifiable point of contact should legal questions arise. At any time, you have the ability to keep your e-mail address hidden from other users by selecting that option within your user profile.
Also in the forum registration, you have the option of providing some additional information such as occupation, interests, and homepage URL. This information is made available to other bulletin board users to foster a sense of community. If you have any concerns about providing this information, simply leave the fields blank and your registration will still be processed.
Newsletter Subscription
30 Day Gourmet offers an option to subscribe to a YAHOO Groups® newsletter with recipes, freezer cooking tips and information, promotions, and news items.
Subscription to the newsletter requires a YAHOO® account. The only piece of information required is the user’s e-mail address, which is only used to distribute the requested newsletter. There are various other optional questions that are asked upon registering for the newsletter, but no answers are required.
Newsletter subscribers are not allowed to post to the group thereby reducing subscribers likelihood of receiving spam.
30 Day Gourmet has no control over YAHOO’s® use.
You can “unsubscribe” from the newsletter at any time by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of any newsletter or by sending an email to
30DayGourmetFreezerCooking-unsubscribe@yahoogroups.com with “Unsubscribe” in the subject line.You will need to respond to a confirmation e-mail and then you will automatically be removed.
Advertising & Affiliate Programs
30 Day Gourmet, Inc. may use advertising agencies and affiliate programs to present banner ads and some links on the site.
30 Day Gourmet, Inc. only deals with advertising agencies and affiliate programs that respect your privacy.
Cookies
Certain activities on the 30 Day Gourmet website involve the use of “cookies” to facilitate your experience. This includes retention of your username and password for the Message Board forums and showing a default Topic View when you visit the forums. You have the option to turn these cookies off at any time by updating your user profile preferences. If your browser doesn’t support cookies, or if you have cookies turned off, these preferences will not be set.
Disclosure of Personal Information
30 Day Gourmet, Inc. does not disclose your personally identifying information to any third parties for any purpose without your prior consent. All reasonable care is taken by staff handling personal information to ensure its security both offline and online.
It’s also important to be aware that when you voluntarily provide personal information (e.g., last name, address, phone number) in a posting on the message board, that information is publicly available and may be used by someone in a manner unintended by you. For that reason, we discourage the offering of any personally identifying information within the message board itself.
If you have questions regarding your information, you can click here to contact the Site Administrator.
Thank you for viewing.
Nanci Slagle – President – 30 Day Gourmet, Inc.