https://aba.org.uk/page/terms-of-use/
This website uses cookies.
By using this website you are consenting to our use of cookies in accordance with our cookie policy.
Agree and Close
Skip to content
Home
Privacy Policy and Terms of Use
Welcome to our website. If you continue to browse and use this website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern the Antiquarian Booksellers’ Association’s relationship with you in relation to this website. If you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, please do not use our website.The term ‘Antiquarian Booksellers’ Association’ or ‘us’ or ‘we’ refers to the owner of the website whose registered office is 21 John Street, London WC1N 2BF. Our company registration number is 4817629, registered in England. The term ‘you’ refers to the user or viewer of our website.
The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright laws of England and Wales, which forms part of these terms and conditions.All trademarks reproduced in this website, which are not the property of, or licensed to the operator, are acknowledged on the website.Unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.From time to time, this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of England, Northern Ireland, Scotland and Wales.
ABA Privacy Policy
Below we set out our privacy policy, which will govern the way in which we process any personal information that you provide to us.
You can access our home page and browse our site without disclosing your personal data, save information collected by cookies that we use (see below).
Purpose of processing:
We will use your information for the purpose of fulfilling requests for information placed by you, processing any other transactions authorised or made by you with us, informing you of exhibitions and new acquisitions and providing other marketing information to you which we think you may find of interest and undertaking product or customer research/development.
Disclosure of information:
In the unlikely event that a liquidator, administrator or receiver is appointed over us or all or any part of our assets that insolvency practitioner may transfer your information to a third party purchaser of the business provided that purchaser undertakes to use your information for the same purposes as set out in this policy. Your information will not be disclosed to government or local authorities or other government institutions save as required by law or other binding regulations.
Cookies:
We may send a small file to your computer when you visit our website, this file stores your session identifier. This will enable us to identify your computer and to allow our systems to tailor their response to your requests.
Save for the use of cookies, we do not automatically log data or collect data save for information you specifically provide to us. You can set your computer browser to reject cookies but this may preclude your use of certain parts of this website.
We use Google Analytics to help analyse use of our website. This analytical tool uses 'cookies', which are text files placed on your computer, to collect standard internet log information and visitor behaviour information in an anonymous form. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) is transmitted to Google. This information is then used to evaluate visitors’ use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity for this website. To find out more about cookies, including how to control and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org, or to opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
We will not (and will not allow any third party) to use the statistical analytics tool to track or to collect any personally identifiable information of visitors to our site. We will not associate any data gathered from this site with any personally identifying information from any source as part of our use of the Google statistical analytics tool. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. Neither ourselves nor Google will link, or seek to link, an IP address with the identity of a computer user.
ABA Privacy Policy May 2018.
ABA News
ILAB Year End Webinar: Wrapping Up 2020
30 Nov 2020
How has the rare book trade adapted to this new landscape eight months on?
View Details About This Post
Firsts Online Rare Book Fair returns for winter edition
05 Nov 2020
Running 27 November to 2 December and dedicated to the Chelsea and Edinburgh book fair exhibitors .
View Details About This Post
Shapero Rare Books moves to new address
04 Nov 2020
The rare bookshop has moved to a new location on New Bond Street in London
View Details About This Post
Edinburgh Rare Book Fair (New Dates Announced for 2021)
21 Oct 2020
The Edinburgh Rare Book Fair is now scheduled to take place the 26-27 March 2021
View Details About This Post