http://abaa.org/privacy/
Skip to main content
search books
Keyword
Author
Title
ISBN
Advanced Search
The Antiquarian Booksellers’ Association  of America
We respect your privacy
We respect your privacy – Our Privacy Policy & Your Rights
The Antiquarian Booksellers’ Association of America (“The ABAA”, “we” or “us”) and its partners, Bibliopolis, LLC and Biblio, Inc., are dedicated to protecting the privacy of their Website visitors. In order to show this commitment, The ABAA and said affiliates follow certain procedures designed to safeguard the information you entrust to them on this Website. These procedures are set forth in the following paragraphs. The ABAA is the sole owner and controller of the information collected on The ABAA Website. Contact information can be found at the bottom of this page.
The ABAA collects personally identifiable information from our users at several different points on our Website. The ABAA does not materially alter the information provided by its Website visitors, nor does it supplement the information from its own or third-party sources.
Registration: When using The ABAA Website, you have the option to create a user name and password by completing a registration form. During registration you are required to give contact information (such as name and email address). We use this information to contact you about the services on our site in which you have expressed interest. By registering you agree that we store and use the provided information for the aforementioned purposes. The information is kept as long as you stay registered with ABAA. For citizens of the European Union (“EU Citizens”), the legal basis of this data processing is both Article 6(1)(a) GDPR and Article 6(2)(b) GDPR. Personal information is deleted when you delete your account if it has not to be kept to comply with applicable legal, tax, or accounting requirements (for EU Citizens: Article 6(2)(c) GDPR).
Orders: If you place an order on The ABAA Website, we request certain personally identifiable information from you on our order form. You must provide contact information (such as name, email, and shipping address) and, depending on the payment method you choose, you may be asked to provide financial information (such as credit card number, expiration date). We use this information for billing purposes and to fill your orders. We will also use this information to notify you when your order has been shipped and to contact you if we have trouble processing your order. By ordering you agree that we store and use the provided information to process your order (for EU Citizens: Article 6(1)(a) GDPR). Without this information, it is not possible for us to execute your order (for EU Citizens: Article 6(2)(b) GDPR). We retain personal information we collect from you if we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so. The ABAA will store the information for the time it takes to complete your order. If you create a user account, the data is retained by The ABAA with the data of your user account permanently. Further, we retain information in any case to comply with applicable legal, tax, or accounting requirements (for EU Citizens: Article 6(2)(c) GDPR); we keep our Sales Records for five (5) years and payment receipts for three (3) years.
Email to a friend: If you choose to use our ‘email to a friend’ service to tell a friend about a book you found on The ABAA Website, we will ask you for your friend's name and email address. We will automatically send your friend a one-time email with a link to the item on The ABAA Website. The ABAA does not store this information and uses it for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email and tracking the success of our ‘email to a friend’ program. The use of the email address without storing is necessary to be able to offer the ‘email to a friend’ program (for EU Citizens: Article 6(2)(f) GDPR).
Social Network Plugins: The ABAA website uses plugins of third-party social networking platforms, especially Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest and Google +. When you are logged in to your social networking platform accounts and/or use the social-media functions on The ABAA website, you may provide information about your activities to the third party social networking platforms. You should make sure that you are comfortable with the information such services may make available to us or others by visiting the applicable platforms’ privacy policies and/or modifying your privacy settings directly with those platforms. The processing of this data is necessary to provide the full functionality of our website (for EU Citizens: Article 6(1)(b) GDPR). If you click on a link provided via a social media plugin, you are voluntarily establishing a connection with that respective social media site and agree to whatever data they collect (for EU Citizens: Article 6(1)(a) GDPR). You can reduce the data third-party social networking platforms are able to associate with your respective user account to your use of The ABAA website by logging out of your social networking user accounts and deleting your browser cookies before visiting and after leaving our website. For more information on cookies, please see below.
Agents: We use a credit card processing company to bill you for orders placed on The ABAA Website. This company does not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any other purposes (for EU Citizens: Article 6(2)(b) GDPR).
Service Providers: As a marketplace site, we rely on the services of our Bookseller Members to process and ship your order (for EU Citizens: Article 28 GDPR). To make it possible for our Bookseller Members to process and ship your order, we share your personally identifiable information, such as your name, address, phone number and email address. Our Bookseller Members are prohibited from using your personally identifiable information and financial information for any other purpose and especially to provide it to third parties.
Further Disclosure of Information: We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our Website. If you use a bulletin board, blog, or post book reviews or comments on this Website, you should be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit there can be read, collected, or used by other users of these forums, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in these forums. We do not sell, rent or share your personally identifiable information to or with third parties unless we have your prior consent to do so.
Newsletter Choice/Opt-out: When you register for an account on The ABAA Website you are asked if you would like to receive The ABAA Website monthly newsletter. We provide you the opportunity to opt-out of having your email address used for this purpose when we ask for this information. If you agree to The ABAA sending you newsletters, this is an express consent (for EU Citizens: Article 6(1)(a) GDPR). For example, if you create an account but do not wish to receive our newsletter, you can indicate your preference on our registration form. If you no longer wish to receive our newsletter, you may opt-out of receiving it by following the instructions included in each newsletter or you may contact us at support@abaa.org, ABAA HQ 20 West 44th Street, #507, New York, NY 10036, Phone: 212.944.8291, Fax: 212.944.8293. You will be notified when your personal information is collected by any third party that is not our agent/service provider, so you can make an informed choice as to whether or not to share your information with that party.
Cookies: To make this site work properly, we sometimes place small data files called cookies on your device. A cookie is a small text file that a website saves on your computer or mobile device when you visit the site. It enables the website to remember your actions and preferences (such as login, language, font size and other display preferences) over a period of time, so you do not have to keep re-entering them whenever you come back to the site or browse from one page to another. Most cookies used on our website are “session cookies”. They are deleted automatically at the end of your visit to our website. Other cookies stay on your terminal until you delete them. You may configure your browser in a way that your explicit consent is necessary for every cookie, for some cookies or that your browser automatically deletes all cookies when closing the browser. It is further possible to configure your browser in a way that all cookies are permanently deactivated. If you deactivate all cookies, the functionality of our website might be limited.
Tracking Technologies: Some of our business partners (e.g., web analytics providers and affiliate management providers) use cookies on our site. These cookies may be used to gather general demographic information about website visitors. We do not link this demographic information to personally identifiable information you submit while on our site. We use this general demographic information for marketing purposes. This privacy statement covers the use of cookies by The ABAA Website only and does not cover the use of cookies by any business partners.
Security Practices: The security of your personal information is important to us. When you enter sensitive information (such as credit card number) on our registration or order forms, we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If you have any questions about security on our Website, you can send email us at support@abaa.org.
Access to and Modification and Deletion of Personally Identifiable Information: If your personally identifiable information changes, or if you no longer desire our service, you may correct or update it by making the change on our account information page (http://secure.abaa.org/account_menu.php) or by emailing our Data Customer Support at data@abaa.org or by contacting us by telephone or postal mail at the contact information listed below. We will honor any statutory right you might have to access, modify or erase your personal information (for EU Citizens: Articles 15 to 22 GDPR; please also see our further explanations for EU Citizens [Link]). Moreover, you have the right to withdraw your consent to us processing your Personal Data at any time (for EU Citizens: Articles 7(3) GDPR). Please be aware that if you choose to delete certain information or your account or if we erase information for you, this may result in you no longer being able to use our services. Please also contact our Data Customer Support for further information on access, modification, deletion and the withdrawal of a provided consent.
Age: The use of the ABAA website is only allowed to customers that are older than 16 years.
EU-US Privacy Shield: The ABAA is a trade association from the United States of America and is therefore not based in the European Union or the European Economic Area and might transfer the data you provide to servers within the United States of America. However, a sufficient level of data protection for EU Citizens is ensured by the EU-US Privacy Shield (Implementing Decision of the Commission of the European Union (EU) 2016/1250).
Changes in this Privacy Statement: We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our home page. If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should contact The ABAA at support@abaa.org.
Contact information: ABAA HQ 20 West 44th Street, # 507 New York, NY 10036, Phone: 212.944.8291, Fax: 212.944.8293
Last Updated on 5/25/2018.
***
Your Rights under the GDPR:
Under the GDPR, EU Citizens and other subjects to the GDPR (Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council) have the following rights regarding Personal Data that we process:
Right to access to the following information: (a) the purposes of the processing; (b) the categories of Personal Data concerned; (c) the recipients or categories of recipient to whom the Personal Data have been or will be disclosed, in particular recipients in third countries or international organizations; (d) where possible, the envisaged period for which the Personal Data will be stored, or, if not possible, the criteria used to determine that period; (e) the existence of the right to request from the controller rectification or erasure of Personal Data or restriction of processing of Personal Data concerning the data subject or to object to such processing; (f) the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority; (g) where the Personal Data has not been collected from you, any available information as to their source; (h) the existence of automated decision-making, including profiling, referred to in Article 22(1) and (4) of the GDPR and, at least in those cases, meaningful information about the logic involved, as well as the significance and the envisaged consequences of such processing for the data subject (Article 15 of the GDPR).
Right to rectification of inaccurate Personal Data concerning you as well as taking into account the purposes of the processing, the right to have incomplete Personal Data completed, including by means of providing a supplementary statement (Article 16 of the GDPR).
Right to erasure (deletion) of Personal Data concerning you without undue delay where: (a) the Personal Data is no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed; (b) you withdraw your consent and there are no other legal grounds for the processing; (c) you exercise your right to object (see below) and there are no compelling legitimate grounds for the processing; (d) the Personal Data have been unlawfully processed; or (e) the Personal Data have to be erased for compliance with a legal obligation applicable to us (Article 17 of the GDPR).
Right to restriction of processing (i.e., data will be blocked from normal processing but not erased) where: (a) you contest the accuracy of the Personal Data, for a period enabling us to verify the accuracy; (b) the processing is unlawful and you oppose the erasure of the Personal Data and requests the restriction of their use instead; (c) we no longer need the Personal Data for the purposes of the processing but they are required by you for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims; (d) you exercise your right to object (see below) pending the verification whether our legitimate grounds override those of you (Article 18 of the GDPR).
Where processing is based on your consent, the right to withdraw consent at any time, without affecting the lawfulness of the processing prior to such withdrawal (Article 7(3) of the GDPR). Please note that even after you have chosen to withdraw your consent, we may be able to continue to process your Personal Data, in some limited circumstances, to the extent required or otherwise permitted by law, or in connection with exercising and defending our legal rights or meeting our legal and regulatory obligations.
Where processing is based on your consent, or on a contract, the right to data portability, i.e. the right to obtain a copy of the data concerning you in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and the right to transmit those data to another controller without hindrance from us.
Right to object to the processing of Personal Data based on legitimate interests of ABAA, or any third party under Article 21 of the GDPR based on your particular situation, provided that there are no compelling legitimate grounds for the processing that would override your interests, rights and freedoms or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims (Article 21 of the GDPR).
If you wish to exercise any of your rights above, please contact us at support@abaa.org or at ABAA 20 West 44th Street, # 507 New York, NY 10036, Phone: 212.944.8291, Fax: 212.944.8293.
We may charge you a reasonable fee in case you request additional copies of your Personal Data or make other requests that are manifestly unfounded or excessive. If we are unable to honor your request, or before we charge a fee, we will let you know why. In so far as practicable and required under law, we will notify third parties with whom we have shared your Personal Data of any request for correction, deletion, and/or restriction to the processing of your Personal Data. Please note that we cannot guarantee third parties will comply with your requests and we encourage you to contact those third parties directly.
Please note that if you decide to exercise some of your rights, we may be unable to perform the actions necessary to achieve the purposes set out above or you may not be able to use or take full advantage of the services and products we offer.