https://abbottstore.com/terms-of-sale.html
Update on COVID-19 – Click Here
Home
TERMS OF SALE
TERMS OF SALE
1. TERMS OF USE
Available at https://www.abbott.com/online-terms-and-conditions.html
2. PRIVACY POLICY
Available at https://www.abbott.com/privacy-policy.html
3. CHANGES TO SERVICES; PERSONAL INFORMATION/PRIVACY
3.1 – CHANGES TO THE SERVICES
AbbottStore may add to, change or remove any part of the Site, including, without limitation, any Content (as defined below) therein, at any time without prior notice to you.
3.2 – PERSONAL INFORMATION
Customers agree to provide accurate, current, and complete information as required for the purchase of the Products and Schedule & Save Subscriptions (“Memberships”).  AbbottStore reserves the right to block further sales to Customers who provide false, inaccurate or incomplete data.  Customer acknowledges that AbbottStore uses a third party payment processing service to securely process orders and bill fees to your credit, debit, or other Company accepted payment method (“Payment Method”).
3.3 – PRIVACY
By using any Services and/or purchasing a Membership you consent to the collection, transfer, manipulation, storage, disclosure and other uses of your information as described in detail in our Privacy Policy (available for your review at http://www.abbott.com/privacy-policy.html ). Irrespective of which country you reside in or supply information from, you authorize AbbottStore to use your information in the United States and any other country where AbbottStore operates as described herein. Accordingly, please be sure to read our Privacy Policy before using the Services or submitting information to us.
3.4 – PAYMENT SERVICES
Abbott may provide links to, or otherwise allow you to pay with, third-party payment services, such as Apple Pay® or Google Pay® (collectively, “Third-Party Payment Services”).  These Third-Party Payment Services are not owned, operated or controlled by Abbott.  The information you provide in relation to your use of the Third-Party Payment Services will be subject to the separate privacy and security practices and policies of each Third-Party Payment Service (and may also be subject to Abbott’s Privacy Policy, to the extent Abbott has access to the information).  Abbott disclaims all liability and responsibility for the Third-Party Payment Services, including, without limitation, with respect to their privacy and security practices and policies.  You accept all risk associated with your use of the Third-Party Payment Services, which is subject to your own independent relationship with each Third-Party Payment Service.
4. TERMS OF SALE
4.1 - SALES OF PRODUCTS AND MEMBERSHIPS TO END USERS ONLY
AbbottStore is intended for use by individual customers and products are intended for their own personal or family use.  AbbottStore purchases may not be used for commercial distribution or resale without the express written consent of Abbott. Abbott reserves the right to terminate any sale.
4.2 - PRICING
Pricing for Products and Memberships (including any applicable shipping and handling fees) can be found on AbbottStore’s then-current pricing page located on the Site at: http://www.AbbottStore.com/. The price that we will charge you for the Products and Memberships will be the price as posted on the Site on the date you first sign-up for a Membership to the Site.  AbbottStore reserves the right to change prices for Products and Memberships at any time, and does not provide price protection or refunds in the event of promotions or price decreases.
4.3 – PARTICIPATING COUNTRIES
AbbottStore currently ships to continental US, major US territories, and APO/FPO. Orders will not be accepted, fulfilled, or shipped to any other locations.
4.4 – SUBSCRIPTION MEMBERSHIPS
Subscription Memberships require a valid Payment Method to be securely saved to your account profile. This Payment Method will be charged upon your next upcoming order date. Orders will not be accepted, fulfilled or shipped if the Payment Method is failed for any reason, including expiration and insufficient funds.
5. FRAUDULENT AND SUSPICIOUS BEHAVIOR
AbbottStore may prohibit a Member from participating in the Program, in their sole discretion, if they determine such Member, either directly or indirectly is attempting to undermine the fairness, integrity or legitimate operation of the Program in any way by cheating, hacking, deception, or any other unfair playing practices that would in any way annoy, abuse, threaten or harass any other users or representatives of AbbottStore.
Use of any automated system, script, or macro to participate in the Program is strictly prohibited and will result in the responsible Member’s disqualification from the Program.
Members may not enter with multiple or fake email addresses or accounts, use fictitious identities or use any system, bot or other device or artifice to participate in the Program or receive a Credit.  AbbottStore reserves the right to disqualify any Member and/or cancel any orders if they determine a Member has tampered with the operation of the Program or violated these Terms and Conditions.
AbbottStore reserves the right to suspend, disqualify or terminate any Member’s participation in the Program if the Member is found to have engaged in any prohibited conduct or otherwise violated the provisions of this agreement.  If Members have engaged in prohibited conduct, spam or fraudulent or suspicious behavior that undermines or affects the integrity or credibility of the Program, and AbbottStore is unable to find a solution to restore the integrity and credibility of the Program, then AbbottStore may in its sole discretion cancel, change or suspend the Program.