https://absoluteknives.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
The Argus Internet Co. has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website: AbsoluteKnives.com.
Our site’s registration form requires users to give us contact information (like their name and email address). The customer’s contact information is used to contact the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
Our site uses an order form for customers to request information, products, and services. We collect visitor’s contact information (like their email address) and financial information (like their account or credit card numbers). Contact information from the order form is used to send orders to our customers. The customer’s contact information is used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below. Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for products and services.
We run contests on our site in which we ask visitors for contact information (like their email address). The customer’s contact information is used to contact the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below. This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control.
This site is equipped with Secure Socket Layer technology, an encryption process that is designed to prevent unauthorized people from seeing data sent to or from the site. We recommend that you use a browser such as Netscape Navigator or Internet Explorer that supports security protocols. Taking these steps will lessen the likelihood of an unauthorized person intercepting your credit card number and will make your Internet shopping experience safe and satisfying.
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us at the point where we request required information about the visitor. This site gives users the following options for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our service.
1.You can send email to info@AbsoluteKnives.com
2.You can send mail to the following postal address:
AbsoluteKnives.com
c/o The Argus Internet Company
10142 S. Bell Ave
Chicago, Illinois 60643-2705
Search for:
Folding Knives
Fixed Blades
Multi-Tools
Accessories
Clearance
Login