https://achildsdream.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
A Child's Dream owns this website. Your privacy and trust are very important to us. Our on-line order system uses state of the art secure servers and is fully protected for your security. You may shop with us with confidence.
This Privacy Policy describes how and when A Child’s Dream collects, uses, and shares information when you purchase an item from us, contact us, or otherwise use our services.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of third parties that A Child’s Dream does not own or control, including the companies we may work with or any third party services you might access through our services or website.
PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED
To fulfill your order, you must provide A Child’s Dream with certain information such as your name, email address, postal address, payment information, and the details of the product that you’re ordering. You may also choose to provide us with additional personal information (questions or information about your order), if you contact us directly.
WHY YOUR INFORMATION IS NEEDED AND HOW IT IS USED
A Child’s Dream relies on a number of legal ways to collect, use, and share your information, including:
• as needed to provide our services, such as when we use your information to fulfill your order, to settle disputes, or to provide customer support; • when you have provided your affirmative consent, which you may revoke at any time, such as by signing up for our mailing list; • if necessary to comply with a legal obligation or court order or in connection with a legal claim, such as retaining information about your purchases if required by tax law; and • as necessary for the purpose of our legitimate interests, if those legitimate interests are not overridden by your rights or interests, such as providing and improving our services. A Child’s Dream uses your information to provide the services you requested and in our legitimate interest to improve our services.
INFORMATION SHARING AND DISCLOSURE
Information about our customers is important to our business. We share your personal information for very limited reasons and in limited circumstances, as follows:
• Service Providers. We engage certain trusted third parties to perform functions and provide services to our shop, such as delivery companies. Your personal information will be shared with these third parties, but only to the extent necessary to perform these services. • Business Transfers. In the future, A Child’s Dream may have the opportunity to sell or merge the business. If we sell or merge our business, we may disclose your information as part of that transaction, only to the extent permitted by law. • Compliance with Laws. We may collect, use, retain, and share your information if we have a good faith belief that it is reasonably necessary to: (a) respond to legal process or to government requests; (b) enforce our agreements, terms and policies; (c) prevent, investigate, and address fraud and other illegal activity, security, or technical issues; or (d) protect the rights, property, and safety of our customers, or others.
DATA RETENTION
We retain your personal information only for as long as necessary to provide you with our services and as described in the Privacy Policy. However, we may also be required to retain this information to comply with my legal and regulatory obligations, to resolve disputes, and to enforce our agreements.
TRANSFERS OF PERSONAL INFORMATION OUTSIDE THE EU
A Child’s Dream operates in the USA. We store and process your information through third-party hosting services in the USA and other jurisdictions. As a result, we may transfer your personal information to a jurisdiction with different data protection and government surveillance laws than your jurisdiction. When you provide us with your personal information you are consenting to this transfer. Regardless of where your information is processed or stored it will be safeguarded and protected.
YOUR RIGHTS
If you reside in certain territories, including the EU, you have a number of rights in relation to your personal information. While some of these rights apply generally, certain rights apply only in certain limited cases. Your rights are described below: • Access. You may have the right to access and receive a copy of the personal information held about you by using the contact information below. • Change, restrict, delete. You may also have rights to change, restrict our use of, or delete your personal information. Absent exceptional circumstances (like where we are required to store data for legal reasons) we will generally delete your personal information upon request. • Object. You can object to (i) our processing of some of your information based on our legitimate interests and (ii) receiving marketing messages from us after providing your express consent to receive them. In such cases, we will delete your personal information unless we have compelling and legitimate grounds to continue using that information or if it is needed for legal reasons. • Complain. If you reside in the EU and wish to raise a concern about the use of your information (and without prejudice to any other rights you may have), you have the right to do so with your local data protection authority.
NON-PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION
Like most websites we use “cookies” to track non-personally identifiable information about visitors to our site and analyze user activity in order to improve the website. For example, using cookies we can look at aggregate patterns like the average number of product searches that users perform. We can use such analysis to gain insights about how to improve the functionality and experience of the website. Secure websites like ours use cookies to validate a user's identity as they browse from page to page. Without cookies, login credentials would have to be entered between or before every product is added to the cart. Cookies enable and improve: customer log-in, persistent shopping carts, product recommendations, customer user interface, and retaining customer address information for use on future orders. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, we recommend that you leave cookies "turned on" to better utilize our website.
A Child's Dream uses Google Analytics, a service which transmits website traffic data to Google servers in the United States. Google Analytics does not identify users or associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. We use reports provided by Google Analytics to help us understand website traffic data and webpage usage. You have the option to opt-out of Google Analytics cookies altogether by linking to this Google Analytics Opt-Out Add-on.
If you have any concerns about this Policy or your personal data, you may email debbie@achildsdream.com.
Deborah Staggs, Owner
×
OK