https://adcook.com/legal/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Who we areOur website address is https://adcook.comA.D. Cook is an artist and designer based in Las Vegas, Nevada, that specializes in creating fine art nudes, motorcycle paintings, and other works.Personal data we collect and why we collect itContact formsIf you contact us using our contact form, we will receive your contact information by email and we will use it only to contact you back. We will not share or save your information or use it in any other way.SurveysIf you fill out one of our online surveys, we will receive your answers to this survey including your contact information by email and we will use it only to understand your needs and objectives in order to prepare a proposal for you and to contact you back. We will not share or save your information or use it in any other way.CookiesOur website uses cookies with anonymous data in order to improve the experience for our visitors. Cookies are not stored in any online database.Embedded content from other websitesArticles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website. These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.AnalyticsWe use the information collected through Google Analytics to find out the amount of traffic we receive, the pages that are visited most and/or the longest and where our users come from. We do not share this information with anyone outside our team.Who we share your data withYou can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.What rights you have over your dataIf you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
• • • • •LEGAL PAGE   |   TERMS   |   WEB COOKIES
Start typing and press enter to search
Search …
Scroll to Top
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Got It.Privacy Policy