https://african-import.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on the site, place an order, enter a contest or sweepstakes, respond to a survey or communication such as e-mail, or participate in another site feature.
When ordering or registering, we may ask you for your name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or other information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
We also collect information about gift recipients so that we can fulfill the gift purchase. The information we collect about gift recipients is not used for marketing purposes.
Like many websites, we use “cookies” to enhance your experience and gather information about visitors and visits to our websites. Please refer to the “Do we use ‘cookies’?” section below for information about cookies and how we use them.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, purchase products, enter a contest or promotion, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
To personalize your site experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
To quickly process your transactions.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.
If you have opted-in to receive our e-mail newsletter, we may send you periodic e-mails. If you would no longer like to receive promotional e-mail from us, please refer to the “How can you opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided to us?” section below. If you have not opted-in to receive e-mail newsletters, you will not receive these e-mails. Visitors who register or participate in other site features such as marketing programs and ‘members-only’ content will be given a choice whether they would like to be on our e-mail list and receive e-mail communications from us.
How do we protect visitor information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. When you place orders or access your personal information, we offer the use of a secure server. All sensitive/credit information you supply is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our databases to be only accessed as stated above.
Do we use “cookies”?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Netscape Navigator or Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. If you turn cookies off, you won’t have access to many features that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly. However, you can still place orders over the telephone by contacting customer service.
Do we disclose the information we collect to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide you with advance notice, except as described below. The term “outside parties” does not include AFRICAN IMPORTS, LLC. It also does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property, or safety.
However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
How can you opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided to us?
To modify your e-mail subscriptions, please let us know by modifying your preferences in the “My Account” section. Please note that due to email production schedules you may receive any emails already in production.
To delete all of your online account information from our database, sign into the “My Account” section of our site and remove your shipping addresses, billing addresses & payment information. Please note that we may maintain information about an individual sales transaction in order to service that transaction and for record keeping.
Third party links
In an attempt to provide you with increased value, we may include third party links on our site. These linked sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these linked sites (including if a specific link does not work).
Changes to our policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. Policy changes will apply only to information collected after the date of the change. This policy was last modified on August 6, 2003.
Questions and feedback
We welcome your questions, comments, and concerns about privacy. Please send us any and all feedback pertaining to privacy, or any other issue.
Online Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website.
Your consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Terms and Conditions
These terms and conditions applies to CUSTOMER REVIEWS LTD (Registered in England & Wales) 71-75 Shelton Street, Covent Garden, London, England, WC2H 9JQ, Company No. 11364361 and companies and other organizations who installed and activated Customer Reviews for WooCommerce plugin.
Background
(A) Customer Reviews has skill, knowledge and expertise in the collation, presentation and analysis of consumer feedback, market research and reputation management, particularly in relation to businesses with a strong online presence.
(B) The Client operates a business in which customer email addresses are held and linked to a sale or other business transaction. Customer Reviews provides a plugin for collection of reviews and operates a website on which feedback can be displayed through which customers interact with the Client.
1 Consumer Details
1.1 You will provide us with the Consumer Details for all relevant transactions within a period of one month of the transaction date.
1.2 You will ensure that the Consumer Details are accurate and error free as far as is reasonably possible.
1.3 We will use the Consumer Details to send one email only asking for Feedback. We will not make further contact with any Consumer except:
1.3.1. with the previous written consent of you and/or the Consumer;
1.3.2. where details of that Consumer have been provided to us by a third party;
1.3.3. as required by law or by any court, tribunal or administrative body of competent jurisdiction; and/or
1.3.4. to inform the Consumer of a response you have made to his/her comments; and/or
1.3.5. for the purpose of satisfying our obligations under these Terms and Conditions.
2 Rights
All company names, brands and other company trademarks and the website belongs to either Customer Reviews or third parties and can only be used for business purposes after a preceding permission from us or third parties respectively. Rights to our free use of contributions are nontransferable, without time limit and with no territorial limits towards us, upon sending the contribution to us. The website’s content cannot be copied and displayed anywhere else on the internet.
3 Indemnity
Customers shall indemnify Customer Reviews against any loss or damage suffered or incurred by Customer Reviews as a result of any third-party claim (including any claim or allegation by any governmental authority) that:
(a) the use of any content provided by Customer infringes the intellectual property rights of a third party and/or violates applicable law or the Guidelines;
(b) Customer Reviews use of Consumer data in accordance with this Agreement is in breach of the Data Protection Requirements or any other applicable laws related to data privacy; or
(c) any email message sent or caused to be sent by Customer Reviews on behalf Customer violates any applicable law, rule or regulation.
Customer shall not bring any claim against Customer Reviews arising from or related to any User Content, including without limitation, any claim that the User Content is defamatory, offensive or otherwise harmful. Customer shall indemnify Customer Reviews against any loss or damage suffered or incurred by Customer Reviews as a result of any such claim, whether such claim is brought by Customer, any of Customer’s affiliates, or any of its or their officers, directors, employees, contractors, agents, shareholders, or other associated third parties.
4 Limitation of Liability
4.1 Neither party excludes any Loss in respect of personal injury or death, fraudulent misrepresentation or any other Loss that may not be lawfully excluded or limited under English law.
4.2 Neither party shall be liable for any loss of profits or revenues, loss of business opportunity, loss of goodwill or reputation, loss of data or any indirect, consequential or special Loss whatsoever.
5 Personal Information
Our processing of personal data is carried out according to the law of personal data. Users can contact us if they request information about what data that are processed about them or if they wish to have the information deleted or rectified. Furthermore, registered users can at any time withdraw their consent, which can happen by contacting support@cusrev.com. Withdrawal of consent will be considered as a request to be deleted as a user altogether.
We have initiated a number of technical and organizational arrangements to ensure that personal information that is being processed does not delete, disappear, deteriorate or gets into the hands of unauthorized parties.
Client agrees to comply with its obligations under EU Data Protection Directives as a data controller and any other legislation and/or binding regulations implementing or made pursuant to them (“Data Protection Requirements”).
When enabling the Review Collection Services, the Client is – in accordance with the Data Protection Requirements – regarded as a Data Controller of the Consumers’ personal data, which is provided to Customer Reviews. When Client uses the Review Collection Services Customer Reviews is regarded as the data processor. This entails that Customer Reviews shall only act by instructions from Client in regard to the provided personal data about the Consumers. It is the sole responsibility of Client to provide such instructions to Customer Reviews. Customer Reviews shall make the necessary security measures to comply with the obligations of a data processor, including ensuring that the information is not (i) accidentally or unlawfully destroyed, (ii) lost, altered or damaged, (iii) disclosed to or accessed by any unauthorized person, (iv) misused or (v) in other ways treated in violation of the Data Protection Requirements. On Client’s request, Customer Reviews will, in line with and to the extent provided for in the Data Protection Requirements, supply Client with sufficient information for Client to assure that the above-mentioned technical and organizational security measures have been made. All data collected and processed about Consumers after a verified copy of a review is published on Customer Reviews website (www.cusrev.com) are processed by Customer Reviews as a data controller.
Customer Reviews is not responsible for and assumes no liability for the Consumers’ conduct on or use of the Customer Reviews Service, including the content published by the Consumers (such content, “User Content”). Customer Reviews does not and cannot control or monitor the User Content and Customer Reviews does not endorse any User Content, nor does the opinions expressed in the User Content represent the opinions of Customer Reviews, its affiliates, or any of its or their officers, directors, employees, contractors or shareholders.
The Agreement shall not be regarded as an approval, endorsement or recommendation of Client, Client’s products or services by Customer Reviews. Client may not market itself or by other way give public declarations in conflict with the above.
Client’s use of the Customer Reviews Service must at all times comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations. Client warrants to Customer Reviews that its use of the Customer Reviews Service will in no way cause Customer Reviews to violate any applicable laws, rules or regulations or to violate the privacy rights of any third party.
When writing a review your name and/or email address will still be visible to the company being reviewed via the client dashboard even if it is set to publish anonymously.
6 Disclaimer
Customer Reviews does not produce or publish contributions on the website. Customer Reviews cannot be held accountable for the reviews and comments made on the website. If you would like to remove or discuss an issue with the website, please email support@cusrev.com.
Customer Reviews accepts no responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of contributions published by registered users on the website, including contributions of technical, external or any other cause may be changed or deleted in connection with the publication on the website or the following.
Customer Reviews does not read through or edit contribution added to the website and can in no way be held responsible for the content of these contributions. Should the contributions contain links to third parties, Customer Reviews will accept no responsibility for the contents of the link in question.
Customer Reviews recommendations and reference to concrete companies, e-shops, etc. is only guiding and Customer Reviews can in no way be held responsible if the guiding recommendation turns out to be incorrect, misleading or similar.
Customer Reviews can in no case be made to compensate for use of the website or code, including loss of revenue, working loss, market interruptions, loss of goodwill or similar losses. Furthermore, Customer Reviews cannot be made to pay compensation or similar as a result of errors or downtime.
Customer Reviews reserves the right to revise these terms at any time, as well as the right to close the website as a result of own assessment and without warning.
We reserve the right to delete reviews that are solicited from external websites.
Reviews solicited outside of the Customer Reviews ecosystem may be flagged and moderated.
Get Coupons& Sales Events
Delivered right to your inbox!
Sign Up!