http://africastyles.com/africastyles_privacy.html
Home
Women
Eleganza
Work & Play
Weddings
Special Occasion
Men
Casual
Elegant
Special Occasion
Weddings
Couples
Hat Accessories
Support
Customer Support
Sales Guarantee
Size Chart
Privacy
FAQ
Resources
Resources
African Culture
Africastyles Privacy Statement
This privacy statement assures you of Africastyles.com's commitment to an abiding respect for your privacy. The following discloses the information gathering and
dissemination practices on our web site.
The Information We Collect:
Web Logs
Our servers routinely log all requests for pages on our site, including the IP numbers of the referring agents. We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, to administer
our Web site and to ensure security of our servers.
Personal:
On some pages, you can order products, make requests, and register to receive Updates and Sales information. The types of personal information collected at these pages may include: Name, Address,
Email address, Phone number, Credit Card Information.
On some pages, you can submit information about other people. For example, if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient, you will need to submit the recipient's address.
In this circumstance, the types of personal information collected are: Name, Address and Phone Number.
On other pages we may invite you to register with our website if you would like to receive Updates on Sales,
Promotions or on new products and services. In this case, we require only your email information. The information you submit on our
web site will be used for the stated purposes only.
We also provide on our site a convenient way for you to remove yourself from our
Update List.
How we use the Information
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to
complete that order.
If you asked us to ship an order to a third party, we use the information you provide about someone else when placing an order only to ship the product and to confirm delivery. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the
extent necessary to complete that order.
Africastyles.com web site requests and collects personal identifiable information only for the purpose of Africastyles.com business. We do not share such information with third parties without your consent, and we will
never sell such information to any entity.
We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better track, monitor and
improve  our web site and to share with advertisers. For example, we may tell an advertiser that
a certain number of individuals visited a particular area of our website; or that
X number of these visitors are men and Y number of women filled out our registration form, but we would not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or
otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
We do not use your IP address or any other related information to identify you, nor do we share such information with third parties or with other
customers.
Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and
secure the information we collect online.
External Links
This site may contain links to other sites. Such links are placed on our site because they may be of interest to you, our valued customers. However,
Africastyles.com is not responsible for the
content, the privacy practices, or the security of personal data of such Web sites.
Contacting Us
Should you have any questions or concerns about this privacy statement, or your dealings with
Africastyles.com, you can reach us by email at:
customer-support.
| Women Apparel
| Men Apparel
| Couples
| Accessory
| Customer Service
| Privacy
| Site Map
| African Culture
| Resources
Copyright © 2019 Africastyles. All Rights Reserved.