https://airdream.net/privacy/
Home / Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
This is the web site of AirDream.net, owned by Elborn Holdings, LLC.
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes only the consumer’s domain name, but not the e-mail address (where possible).
We collect the referring domain name (where possible) of visitors to our Web page, the e-mail addresses of those who post messages to our contact form, the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, user-specific information on what pages consumers access or visit, information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations, no information on consumers who browse our Web page.
The information we collect is used for internal review and is then discarded, used to improve the content of our Web page, used to customize the content and/or layout of our page for each individual visitor, used to notify consumers about updates to our Web site, used by us to contact consumers for marketing purposes, not shared with other organizations for commercial purposes.
With respect to cookies: We use cookies to store visitors preferences, record session information, such as items that consumers add to their shopping cart, record user-specific information on what pages users access or visit, alert visitors to new areas that we think might be of interest to them when they return to our site, record past activity at a site in order to provide better service when visitors return to our site , customize Web page content based on visitors’ browser type or other information that the visitor sends.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address, writing to us at the above address.
At no time will we make the e-mail addresses of those who access our site available to other reputable organizations whose products or services.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you will only receive the information for which you provided us your address.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line will only receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders they have placed on-line.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will use for these new purposes only data collected from the time of the policy change forward.
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to no information that we have collected and that we maintain about them. Consumers can access this information by e-mail us at the above address, writing to us at the above address.
Upon request we offer visitors the ability to have inaccuracies corrected in contact information. Consumers can have this information corrected by sending us e-mail at the above address, writing to us at the above address.
With respect to security: We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us.
ProductsTwin Mattress
Full Mattress
Queen Mattress
Queen XL Mattress
Air Dream Parts
Air Dream ULTRA Parts
Shopping CartInformationTestimonials
Warranty
Instructions
Shipping & Returns
Privacy Policy
Conditions of Use
Contact Us