https://ajfordham.com/privacy-cookies-policy/
T&Cs, PRIVACY AND COOKIES POLICY
Conditions of Use
These conditions apply to when a customer purchases online or in-store in the UK. If the customer accesses the site from another country, they will be responsible for complying with the local laws and regulations of that particular country.
Returns, Refunds and Delivery Policy
At AJ Sports, we like to offer you complete peace of mind and satisfaction when purchasing goods from us.
If for any reason you are not entirely satisfied with the product(s) you have purchased, we offer a 14-days full money back guarantee or an exchange on the product(s). The goods will need to be returned to us in their original packaging, without any usage and in the same condition as received by you. We aim to deal with any returns within 10 working days. Bearing this in mind, please note the following points on this policy:
1. Once used, all items become non-refundable and non-replaceable unless there is a clear manufacturing fault in the product.
2. Any items purchased that need to be exchanged or refunded (within fourteen days of purchase) have to be in their original packing, unused and in a saleable condition. The customer will need to provide proof of purchase (order number and original invoice) with the returned goods.
3. The cost of items being returned (delivery charges) will need to be paid for by the customer (customers are advised to use a trackable delivery service as AJ Sports cannot take responsibility for items that do not arrive).
4. Exchangeable/Replaceable items exclude used/irreparable bats, underwear protective equipment (e.g. – Thigh guards, abdo guards, briefs, etc) or any other used items.
NOTE – Please be aware that cricket bats are made of wood, hence there is no guarantee on the longevity of bat life. Therefore these cannot be exchanged, replaced or refunded once used. If repairable, we offer a repairing service at a nominal charge.
5. Any items which are faulty or unsuitable and in need of replacement/exchange need to be returned to us for inspection before a replacement is sent out. We aim to deal with such inquiries as quickly as possible
6. We aim to dispatch all online orders for delivery within the selected delivery time frame. If a ‘Collect-In-Store’ option is selected, the order will be ready for collection on the next working day (i.e. if an order is placed on a weekend, it will be ready for collection on Tuesday – or Wednesday in case of a Bank Holiday weekend).
7. This does not affect your statutory rights
Copyright
All items on this website, including photos, icons, symbols, logos, audio material, video material, downloads, and other such things are owned and copyrighted by AJ Sports and are protected by International Copyright Laws.
Access Rights
This site is for limited access to purchase products and services offered by AJ Sports for personal use. This site may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold/resold, or otherwise exploited for any commercial use without written consent of AJ Sports.
Product/Services Description and Pricing
AJ Sports tries to be as accurate as possible with information posted on the site. But from time to time, some inaccuracies may occur in product descriptions, pricing, and availability. AJ Sports reserves the right to correct any errors, omissions, or inaccuracies and to change and/or update any information at any time without prior notice (including once an order has been placed – in this instance, the customer will be notified accordingly).
Prices and availability are subject to change and all prices include VAT.
The information displayed is considered to be as an invitation to treat, not as a confirmed offer of sale. The contract is confirmed on supply of goods. In the event of an error on AJ Sports’ behalf, the customer will be contacted accordingly with an explanation and a proposed corrected offer
Cookies Policy
When browsing the internet and using online services, this sometimes involves placing small amounts of information on your web-enabled device, this includes small files known as cookies. They cannot be used to identify you personally.
Cookies used on this site are used to improve services for you. These include:1. Enabling the site to recognise your web-enabled device so you do not have to repeat information already given2. Recognising that you may already have a username and password so you do not need to enter this every time you are requested3. Measuring how many people are using the site, so usability can be improved
Home
Wiltsports
Cricket Equip. Size Guide
Hockey Equip. Size Guide
Privacy Cookies Policy
About Us
International Branches
Contact Us
My Account
AJ Sports Tours
AJ Sports
4.8 out of 5 stars
Samuel Lister
5 out of 5 stars posted 3 days ago
Excellent service and really helpful expert knowledge to help me find the right bat (considering I am not hugely experienced myself)- also offer knocking in, oiling and other services on top! Would highly recommend!
Sam Betley
5 out of 5 stars posted 2 months ago
Kept a bat out back for me for a week just so I could come and pick it up at a convenient time. Great customer service.
Read All 118 Reviews
Added to Cart
Keep Shopping
Checkout