https://alflahertys.com/shipping-policies-returns-shipping-to-the-usa/
Search
Categories
Al's Bargains
Shooting Supplies, Firearms & Ammunition
All Shooting Supplies, Firearms & Ammunition
Ammunition
All Ammunition
Bulk Centerfire Ammo
Reloading - Powders and Primers
Centerfire Ammunition
Rimfire Ammunition
Shotgun Ammunition
Firearms
All Firearms
Pending Deliveries
Premium Beretta Shotguns
Long Range Precision
Handguns
Non-Restricted Rifles
Shotguns
Airguns 500FPS or More - PAL Required
Stocks, Parts, Barrels & Kits
All Stocks, Parts, Barrels & Kits
AR Components
Clips and Magazines
Grips
Handgun Parts
Rifle Parts & Stocks
Shotgun Barrels & Chokes
Shotgun Parts & Stocks
Tactical Accessories
All Tactical Accessories
Holsters Mag Pouches & Shell Holders
Lights & Lasers
Rails & Mounts
Tactical Tools
Utility Bags & Packs
Eye & Ear Protection
Targets
Firearm Maintenance & Tools
Bipods & Shooting Rests
Reloading - Uncontrolled Items
Shotgun Accessories
Slings & Swivels
Storage & Transportation
All Storage & Transportation
Ammunition Storage
Cabinets & Safes
Handgun Cases
Hard Cases
Locks and Safe Accessories
Range Bags
Soft Cases
Optics
All Optics
Scopes
Close Quarters Optics & Iron Sights
Optic Mounts and Accessories
Sighting and Mounting Tools
Binoculars, Spotting Scopes, and Range Finders
Night Vision and Thermal Optics
Glasses Goggles and Accessories
Optic Care
Knives, Tools & Lights
All Knives, Tools & Lights
Batteries & Power Sources
Bushcraft and Camp Tools
Multitools
Fixed Blade Knives
Premium Knives
Folding Knives
Sharpeners and Maintenance
Lights & Lamps
BerettaStyle
Gift Ideas
Camping
All Camping
Tents and Tent Accessories
Camp Furniture
Camp Tools and Accessories
Backpacks, Duffel Bags and Satchels
Sleeping Bags, Bedrolls and Cots
Cookware, Hydration & Dry Food
Lamps & Lights
Survival & Navigation Supplies
Insect Defense
Fishing
All Fishing
Ice Fishing Gear
Rods, Reels and Combos
All Rods, Reels and Combos
Drift Rods
Fishing Combos
Fly Rods
Reels
Spinning & Casting Rods
Ice Fishing Gear
Fishing Lures
All Fishing Lures
Crank and Stick Baits
Jigs
Spinners Spoons and Jigs
Soft Baits
Flies
Natural Baits
Salmon and Steelhead Gear
Terminal Tackle
All Terminal Tackle
Fishing Line and Leader Material
Carp & Catfish Gear
Fishing Weights
Floats and Float Stops
Hooks
Live Bait Nets and Accessories
Swivels Clips and Leaders
Tackle Boxes and Organizers
Carp Gear
Boating Accessories & Necessities
Tools & Accessories
Archery and Airguns
All Archery and Airguns
Excalibur Crossbows
All Excalibur Crossbows
Crossbows
Stock Parts & Shooting Accessories
Arrows, Broadheads & FieldPoints
Scopes & Accessories
Maintenance Items
Storage & Transportation
Air Guns, No PAL Required
Airgun Accessories & Ammo
Bows & Crossbows
Archery Accessories
Archery Tools & Maintenance Items
Arrows, Broadheads & FieldPoints
Slingshots & Accessories
Transport Cases
Hunting Gear
All Hunting Gear
General Accessories and Tools
Trail Cameras & Observation Equipment
Blinds & Camouflage
Field Dressing & Tools
Game Calls, Decoys & Attractants
Dog Training Gear and Accessories
Hunting Clothes
Clothing
All Clothing
Footwear
All Footwear
Hunting & Hiking Boots
Socks Insoles & Laces
Waders & Fishing Boots
Winter Boots
Work Boots
Survival and PFD
Rainwear
Baselayers
Clothing Accessories
All Clothing Accessories
Caps
Glasses Goggles and Accessories
Gloves & Mitts
Socks
Winter Headwear
Jackets Vests and Coats
Pants
Shirts and Sweaters
Specialty
Hunting Clothes
root
Popular Brands
Winchester Repeating Arms
Browning
Allen
Beretta
World Famous
Berkley
Hoppe's
Rapala
Hornady
Fisherman Eyewear
View All
Recent Posts
Save up to $100. on Browning Firearms Until the end of 2020
…
read more
2020 Dec 4th
Accidents happen in an instant, at any given moment,
and by the time we realize what's happened, it
…
read more
2020 Dec 1st
We
love a good camping or hunting trip out in the wilderness; whether you're
reconnecting with nat
…
read more
2020 Dec 1st
Home
Shipping Policies, Returns. Terms & Conditions.
Shipping Policies, Returns. Terms & Conditions.
Al Flaherty's Ships twice a day, 5 Days a Week!
(not including holidays)
RETURNS
Our policy lasts 10 days. If 10 days have gone by since your purchase, unfortunately we can’t offer you a refund or exchange.
To be eligible for a return, your item must be unused and in the same condition that you received it. It must also be in the original packaging.
Several types of goods are exempt from being returned. Perishable goods such as food,  newspapers or magazines cannot be returned. We also do not accept products that are intimate or sanitary goods, hazardous materials, or flammable liquids or gases.
The reversal of a restricted or prohibited firearm transfer is subject to a $100.00 processing and restocking fee.
ADDITIONAL NON-RETURNABLE (NON-REFUNDABLE) ITEMS:
Gift cards
Firearms
Ammunition
Firearm Parts (Subject to Inspection)
Optics & Optic Mounts (Subject to Inspection)
Knives & Tools
Tents that have been set up or removed from their original packaging.
Downloadable software products
Some health and personal care items
To complete your return, we require a receipt or proof of purchase.
Please do not send your purchase back to the manufacturer.
There are certain situations where only partial refunds are granted: (if applicable)
Book with obvious signs of use
CD, DVD, VHS tape, software, video game, cassette tape, or vinyl record that has been opened.
Any item not in its original condition, is damaged or missing parts for reasons not due to our error.
Any item that is returned more than 30 days after delivery
REFUNDS (IF APPLICABLE)
Once your return is received and inspected, we will send you an email to notify you that we have received your returned item. We will also notify you of the approval or rejection of your refund.
If you are approved, then your refund will be processed, and a credit will automatically be applied to your credit card or original method of payment, within a certain amount of days.
LATE OR MISSING REFUNDS (IF APPLICABLE)
If you haven’t received a refund yet, first check your bank account again.
Then contact your credit card company, it may take some time before your refund is officially posted.
Next contact your bank. There is often some processing time before a refund is posted.
If you’ve done all of this and you still have not received your refund yet, please contact us at info@alflahertys.com
SALE ITEMS (IF APPLICABLE)
Only regular priced items may be refunded, unfortunately sale items cannot be refunded.
Items on sale are for items in stock only. We do not accept rainchecks, product holds or special orders on items that are on sale.
We do not have a price match policy or price guarantee.
Sale prices are subject to change without notice.
We do not accept layaway on sale items.
EXCHANGES (IF APPLICABLE)
All Merchandise is guaranteed by the manufacturer.
We only replace items if they are defective or damaged once consent is obtained by the Manufacturer.  If you need to exchange it for the same item, send us an email at; info@alflahertys.comAnd send your item to: 2066 Dufferin Street, Toronto, Ontario,  Canada, M6E-3R6.
GIFTS
If the item was marked as a gift when purchased and shipped directly to you, you’ll receive a gift credit for the value of your return. Once the returned item is received, a gift certificate will be mailed to you.
If the item wasn’t marked as a gift when purchased, or the gift giver had the order shipped to themselves to give to you later, we will send a refund to the gift giver and he will find out about your return.
SHIPPING
To return your product, you should mail your product to: 2066 Dufferin Street, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, M6E-3R6
You will be responsible for paying for your own shipping costs for returning your item. Shipping costs are non-refundable. If you receive a refund, the cost of return shipping will be deducted from your refund.
Depending on where you live, the time it may take for your exchanged product to reach you, may vary.
US customers by purchasing from a foreign country essentially become the importer and are responsible for the payment of any duty or brokerage charge that are incurred by you the importer. As a general rule, purchases that are bellow $800.00 are duty free.  More information can be found on the US Customs and Border Protection page regarding internet purchases found here; https://www.cbp.gov/trade/basic-import-export/internet-purchases
If you are shipping an item over $75, you should consider using a trackable shipping service or purchasing shipping insurance. We don’t guarantee that we will receive your returned item.
SPECIAL AMMUNITION SHIPPING POLICIES
Shipping ammunition is a heavy regulated service and has an independent set of shipping policies, including limited volume, PAL requirement, and shipping method restrictions.All of our ammunition shipping policies can be reviewed by CLICKING THIS LINK
FREE SHIPPING PROMOTIONS
With some exceptions orders with a value of $300 CDN or more before tax will ship at no charge.Exceptions
items indicating they will not ship free
orders shipping to extended areas or oversize and weight where additional freight charges are applied by Canada Post or UPS
orders containing more than 2 cases of ammunition, in these cases additional shipping will be applied based on the balance of the order
we reserve the right to cancel orders at our discretion
SHIPPING FIREARMS AND AMMUNITION TO THE USA
We are not able to ship firearms directly to the United States, however customers are able to purchase firearms on our web site while using an international logistics company such as Border View international to facilitate the export of firearms to an FFl in the USA. Before making your purchase, please contact Border View International to inquire about the cost and paperwork involved with importing firearm to the USA. Phone 1 (877) 947-GUNS [4867] or email at export@borderview.com
We do not ship ammunition, including primers and gun powder to the United States.
GUN PARTS SHIPPING TO THE USA
For firearm parts we are required by the US Government to submit paperwork when shipping these items.  This includes but is not limited to;
Magazines & magazine extensions
Small parts (parts kits, adapters, etc)
Barrels
Replacement stocks
PRIVACY
SECTION 1 - WHAT DO WE DO WITH YOUR INFORMATION?
When you purchase something from our store, as part of the buying and selling process, we collect the personal information you give us such as your name, address and email address.   AL FLAHERTYS
When you browse our store, we also automatically receive your computer’s internet protocol (IP) address in order to provide us with information that helps us learn about your browser and operating system.
Email marketing (if applicable): With your permission, we may send you emails about our store, new products and other updates.
SECTION 2 - CONSENT
How do you get my consent?When you provide us with personal information to complete a transaction, verify your credit card, place an order, arrange for a delivery or return a purchase, we imply that you consent to our collecting it and using it for that specific reason only. Property of Al FlahertysHow do I withdraw my consent?
SECTION 3 - DISCLOSURE
We may disclose your personal information if we are required by law to do so or if you violate our Terms of Service.
SECTION 4 - THIRD-PARTY SERVICES
In general, the third-party providers used by us will only collect, use and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us.
However, certain third-party service providers, such as payment gateways and other payment transaction processors, have their own privacy policies in respect to the information we are required to provide to them for your purchase-related transactions.
For these providers, we recommend that you read their privacy policies so you can understand the manner in which your personal information will be handled by these providers.
In particular, remember that certain providers may be located in or have facilities that are located a different jurisdiction than either you or us. So if you elect to proceed with a transaction that involves the services of a third-party service provider, then your information may become subject to the laws of the jurisdiction(s) in which that service provider or its facilities are located. Al Flahertys
As an example, if you are located in Canada and your transaction is processed by a payment gateway located in the United States, then your personal information used in completing that transaction may be subject to disclosure under United States legislation, including the Patriot Act.
Once you leave our store’s website or are redirected to a third-party website or application, you are no longer governed by this Privacy Policy or our website’s Terms of Service.
LinksGoogle Analytics
SECTION 5 - SECURITY
To protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed.  AL FLAHERTYS
If you provide us with your credit card information, the information is encrypted using secure socket layer technology (SSL) and stored with a AES-256 encryption.  Although no method of transmission over the Internet or electronic storage is 100% secure, we follow all PCI-DSS requirements and implement additional generally accepted industry standards.
SECTION 6 - COOKIES
Here is a list of cookies that we use. We’ve listed them here so you that you can choose if you want to opt-out of cookies or not. Al Flahertys
_session_id, unique token, sessional, Allows BigCommerce to store information about your session (referrer, landing page, etc).
_shopify_visit, no data held, Persistent for 30 minutes from the last visit, Used by our website provider’s internal stats tracker to record the number of visits
_shopify_uniq, no data held, expires midnight (relative to the visitor) of the next day, Counts the number of visits to a store by a single customer.
cart, unique token, persistent for 2 weeks, Stores information about the contents of your cart.
_secure_session_id, unique token, sessional
storefront_digest, unique token, indefinite If the shop has a password, this is used to determine if the current visitor has access.
PREF, persistent for a very short period, Set by Google and tracks who visits the store and from wheren
SECTION 7 - AGE OF CONSENT
SECTION 8 - CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here that it has been updated, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we use and/or disclose it.  AL FLAHERTYS
If our store is acquired or merged with another company, your information may be transferred to the new owners so that we may continue to sell products to you.
Lost Package, Missing Shipment
You are encouraged to be vigilant regarding "porch pirates". This involves tracking the movement of your parcel and being cognizant of any unusual patterns in your neighborhood regarding the theft of parcels.
If you have received notification that your parcel has been delivered, despite not having received it or if your parcel is not tracking within the network, then you are encouraged to report your parcel lost with UPS or Canada Post. For UPS or Canada Post to consider a parcel lost, they must conduct an investigation and declare the parcel lost. Only once the parcel is declared lost will we send a replacement. You may also email us directly to initiate an investigation.
You are required to report lost or missing parcels within a reasonable time period. We are not responsible for parcels that are reported lost or missing after three weeks from the date that it was shipped.
QUESTIONS AND CONTACT INFORMATION
If you would like to: access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information contact our Privacy Compliance Officer at info@alflahertys.com or by mail at;
AL FLAHERTY'S OUTDOOR STORE
[Re: Privacy Compliance Officer]
2066 Dufferin StreetToronto Ontario CAM6E3R6
OK