https://allpecans.com/index.php?main_page=conditions
Home
Log In
Categories
Trays (3)
Flavored Packages (6)
Gift Tins (7)
Gift Boxes (10)
Texas Items (4)
Fresh Pecans (8)
Pralines and Pistachios (4)
Pecan Oil (1)
Specials ...
All Products ...
Reviews  [more]
There are currently no product reviews.
Information
Shipping & Returns
Privacy Notice
Conditions of Use
Contact Us
Order Status
Site Map
Gift Certificate FAQ
Discount Coupons
Newsletter Unsubscribe
More Information
Our Flavors
Ship to Multiple Addresses
Home ::
Conditions of Use
Conditions of Use
WEBSITE TERMS AND CONDITIONS WELCOME TO
The
website is operated by: .
Our contact details are as follows:
General email:
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE
This Statement outlines the terms and conditions governing all sales and purchases made through this website, regardless of whether the order was transmitted via the internet, telephone or mail. By accessing, browsing and/or using this website you acknowledge that you have read, understood and agree to be bound by these terms and to comply with all applicable laws and regulations. If you do not agree with these terms, do not use this site.
PRICING
All prices quoted are subject to change at any time at the discretion of . All prices are quoted in United States Dollars (USD, $).
reserves the right to reject any orders which include incorrect prices which may occur due to data entry errors, code errors, hacking, incorrect pricing provided by manufacturer, translation errors etc. Prices are not negotiable and do not include postage and handling. Postage and handling costs will be calculated when completing the order.
SHIPPING
We can send your order anywhere within the United States. All our items are Warehouse packed for safe delivery. We ship all products by USPS unless otherwise directed. This usually takes between 1 to 5 working days depending on the delivery service in the destination area.
We normally ship our products within three business days unless requested otherwise. If we are unable to dispatch your order within three business days we will contact you and advise you of the expected dispatch date.
Please check your delivery address carefully as we will not be responsible for delivery to an incorrect address. The customer shall be responsible for the cost to resend a parcel that is returned because of an incorrect address.
ONCE YOUR ORDER HAS BEEN SHIPPED YOU ARE NOT ABLE TO CANCEL YOUR ORDER.
PAYMENT
Payment options provided by
include Visa, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, and PayPal. Checks can be either personal or bank draft, and are to be made payable to: . Please post to
All checks and money orders will require to be 'cleared' by the bank before goods can be dispatched. This may require 10-15 days.
RETURNS POLICY
If an order has been mailed and is not received or if an item is received and it is either damaged or faulty, a return claim MUST be filed with
within 3 days from date of the shipment.
Email details of your claim to .
The following options will then be made available:
1. Replacement: If possible, a replacement will be sent, subject to availability.
2. Credit: If no replacement is available, a credit will be offered to the full amount of the purchase price.
3. Refund: If a refund is required, it will be provided according to the original payment (i.e. if payment was made on Visa, the visa will be credited.).
Returns are not accepted due to a change of mind, so please choose carefully. Exchanges will not be permitted.
LICENSE AND SITE ACCESS
Access to the
website is granted only for the purpose of accessing the products offered. Under no circumstances may any individual alter any part of the website. No part of this site may be reproduced for any reason, nor may any parts of the site be displayed anywhere apart from www.allpecans.com unless written permission has been granted by . You are granted access to
website under the condition that you will not interfere, or attempt to interfere with any of the content.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, NEGLIGENCE, SHALL DAVIS MOUNTAIN NUT COMPANY BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOSS OF DATA OR PROFIT, ARISING OUT OF THE USE, OR THE INABILITY TO USE, THE MATERIALS ON THIS SITE. IF YOUR USE OF MATERIALS FROM THIS SITE RESULTS IN THE NEED FOR SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION OF EQUIPMENT OR DATA, YOU ASSUME ANY COSTS THEREOF.
LAW AND JURISDICTION
These Terms and any matter relating to this Site will be governed by United States law and the American courts shall have non-exclusive jurisdiction in respect of them.
PRIVACY
We are committed to protecting your privacy and this statement summarizes what personal details we may collect from you before, during or after you use our Site and what we will do with them. Any changes to our privacy policy will be posted on this page. When you contact us we will use your email address for the purposes of administering your query or order and responding to you. We will not publish your personal information and will not supply your personally identifying information to other companies or individuals. We may, with your permission, send you information about our company and our products and services.
SECURITY
All of our credit card transactions online are processed electronically. All transaction details are encrypted so you are safe to shop with . Shopping at
is secure. This site uses the latest in security technology to ensure a safe & secure transaction during your shopping experience. You can enter your credit card number on a secure form and transmit the form over the Internet to a secure server without any risk of an intermediary obtaining your credit card information. Credit card orders are encrypted using Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol technology. Your confidential information is automatically encrypted in transit from your computer to our merchant processors using an encryption key length of 256-bits. Your credit information is never stored on our computers.
COPYRIGHT
All content and the compilation of all content on this site, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads, artworks, products and data compilations is the property of
and protected by United States and International copyright laws.
No part of this website may be reproduced without the express, written permission of .
Back
Specials  [more]
1 lb. Fresh Pieces$10.95  $7.95Save: 27% off
Bulk Fresh Pieces$53.95  $38.75Save: 28% off
Best Sellers
#1: Single Packets
#2: 14 Ounce, 7-Flavor, Davis Mountains Nut Company Tin
#3: 12 Ounce, 3 or 4 Flavor Tins
#4: Roasted & Salted Pecans
#5: 28 Ounce, 7-Flavor, Pick-Your-Own Tin
#6: 22 Ounce, Three and 4 Flavor Tins
#7: Individual Flavor Tins
#8: Sampler Gift Box
#9: 6 oz. Resealable Package
#10: 1 lb. Fresh Pieces
Specials  [more]
1 lb. Fresh Pieces$10.95  $7.95Save: 27% off
Bulk Fresh Pieces$53.95  $38.75Save: 28% off
Home
Copyright © 2020 Davis Mountains Nut Company. Powered by Zen CartCustomized and Hosted by JEANDRET