https://allpecans.com/index.php?main_page=privacy
Home
Log In
Categories
Trays (3)
Flavored Packages (6)
Gift Tins (7)
Gift Boxes (10)
Texas Items (4)
Fresh Pecans (8)
Pralines and Pistachios (4)
Pecan Oil (1)
Specials ...
All Products ...
Reviews  [more]
There are currently no product reviews.
Information
Shipping & Returns
Privacy Notice
Conditions of Use
Contact Us
Order Status
Site Map
Gift Certificate FAQ
Discount Coupons
Newsletter Unsubscribe
More Information
Our Flavors
Ship to Multiple Addresses
Home ::
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
Davis Mountains Nut Company is committed to preserving the privacy of all visitors to our website at https://allpecans.com. Please read the following privacy policy to understand how we use and protect the information that you provide to us.
By registering or placing an order on this website, you consent to the collection, use and transfer of your information under the terms of this policy.
INFORMATION THAT WE COLLECT FROM YOU
When you visit, register or order products or services on https://allpecans.com you may be asked to provide certain information about yourself including your name, contact details and credit or debit card information.
We may also collect information about your usage of our website as well as information about you from messages you post to the website and e-mails or letters you send to us.
To maintain customer service standards and to assist staff training, we may record and monitor incoming calls.
USE OF YOUR INFORMATION
Your information will enable us to provide you with access to all parts of our website and to supply the goods or services you have requested.
It will also enable us to bill you and to contact you where necessary concerning your orders.
We will also use and analyse the information we collect so that we can administer, support, improve and develop our business.
In particular, we may use your information to contact you for your views on our services and to notify you occasionally about important changes or developments to the website or our services.
Further, where you have consented, we might also use your information to let you know by email about other products and services which we offer which may be of interest to you.
If you change your mind about being contacted in the future, please let us know.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
The information you provide to us may be accessed by or given to third parties who act for us for the purposes set out in this policy or for other purposes approved by you.
Those parties process information, fulfil and deliver orders, process credit card payments and provide support services on our behalf.
We may also pass aggregate information on the usage of our website to third parties but this will not include information that can be used to identify you.
Where you have consented when providing us with your details, we may also allow
other companies in our group, to contact you occasionally about products and services which may be of interest to you.
They may contact you by e-mail.
If you change your mind about being contacted by these companies in the future, please let us know at info@allpecans.com.
Finally, if our business enters into a joint venture with or is sold to or merged with another business entity, your information may be disclosed to our new business partners or owners.
Countries outside the United States do not always have strong data protection laws.
However, we will always take steps to ensure that your information is used by third parties in accordance with this policy.
Unless required to do so by law, we will not otherwise share, sell or distribute any of the information you provide to us without your consent.
COOKIES
Cookies are small amounts of information which we may store on your computer.
Unless you have indicated your objection when disclosing your details to us, our system will issue cookies to your computer when you log on to the site.
Cookies make it easier for you to log on to and use the site during future visits.
They also allow us to monitor website traffic and to personalise the content of the site for you.
You may set up your computer to reject cookies by following the relevant instructions which can be found at www.aboutcookies.org. In that case, you may not be able to use certain features on our site.
If you do not wish to receive cookies in the future, please let us know at info@allpecans.com.
SECURITY AND DATA RETENTION
We employ security measures to protect your information from access by unauthorised persons and against unlawful processing, accidental loss, destruction and damage.
We will retain your information for a reasonable period or as long as the law requires.
ACCESSING AND UPDATING
You are entitled to see the information held about you and you may ask us to make any necessary changes to ensure that it is accurate and kept up to date.
If you wish to do this, please contact us at info@allpecans.com.
We are entitled by law to charge a fee of $10 to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
Any changes to our privacy policy in the future will be posted to the website and, where appropriate, through e-mail notification.
CONTACT
All comments, queries and requests relating to our use of your information are welcomed and should be addressed to info@allpecans.com.
Davis Mountains Nut Company
610 State St
Fort Davis TX 79734
(800) 895-2101
Back
Specials  [more]
1 lb. Fresh Pieces$10.95  $7.95Save: 27% off
Bulk Fresh Pieces$53.95  $38.75Save: 28% off
Best Sellers
#1: Single Packets
#2: 14 Ounce, 7-Flavor, Davis Mountains Nut Company Tin
#3: 12 Ounce, 3 or 4 Flavor Tins
#4: Roasted & Salted Pecans
#5: 28 Ounce, 7-Flavor, Pick-Your-Own Tin
#6: 22 Ounce, Three and 4 Flavor Tins
#7: Individual Flavor Tins
#8: Sampler Gift Box
#9: 6 oz. Resealable Package
#10: 1 lb. Fresh Pieces
Specials  [more]
Bulk Fresh Pieces$53.95  $38.75Save: 28% off
1 lb. Fresh Pieces$10.95  $7.95Save: 27% off
Home
Copyright © 2020 Davis Mountains Nut Company. Powered by Zen CartCustomized and Hosted by JEANDRET