https://almostheaven.com/terms-of-use-privacy-policy/
Cyber Monday Sale, Going on Now! See Details Here.
Terms and Conditions / Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
1. Introduction
These website terms and conditions contained herein on this webpage shall govern your use of this website, including all pages within this website. These terms and conditions apply in full force and effect to your use of this website, and, by using this website, you expressly accept all terms and conditions contained herein in full. You must not use this website if you have any objection to any of these website Standard terms And Conditions.
2. Intellectual Property Rights.
Unless otherwise stated, Almost Heaven Saunas LLC and/or its licensors own all rights to the intellectual property and material contained in this website. All such rights are reserved.
You may view and print pages from the website for your own personal use, subject to the restrictions set out below and elsewhere in these terms and conditions.
3. Restrictions.
You are expressly restricted from all of the following:
publishing any material from this website;
selling, sublicensing and/or otherwise commercializing material from this website;
publicly performing and/or showing any material from this website;
using this website in any way that is, or may be, damaging to this website;
using this website in any way that impacts user access to this website;
using this website contrary to applicable laws and regulations, or in a way that causes, or may cause, harm to the website, or to any person or business entity;
engaging in any data mining, data harvesting, data extracting or any other similar activity in relation to this website, or while using this website;
using this website to engage in any advertising or marketing;
Certain areas of this website may be restricted from access by you and Almost Heaven Saunas LLC may further restrict access by you to any areas of this website, at any time, in its sole and absolute discretion. Any user ID and password you may have for this website are confidential and you must maintain confidentiality of such information.
4. Your Content.
In these website terms And Conditions, “Your Content” shall mean any audio, video, text, images or other material you submit to this website, for whatever purpose. With respect to Your Content, by displaying it, you grant Almost Heaven Saunas LLC and/or its licensors a non-exclusive, worldwide, irrevocable, royalty-free, sublicensable license to use, reproduce, adapt, publish, translate and distribute it in any and all media.
Your Content must be your own and must not be infringing on any third party’s rights. Almost Heaven Saunas LLC reserves the right to remove any of Your Content from this website at any time, and for any reason, without notice.
5. No warranties.
This website is provided “as is,” with all faults, and Almost Heaven Saunas LLC makes no express or implied representations or warranties, of any kind related to this website or the materials contained on this website. Additionally, nothing contained on this website shall be construed as providing consult or advice to you.
Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing paragraph, Almost Heaven Saunas LLC does not warrant that:
this website will be constantly available, or available at all; or
the information on this website is complete, true, accurate or non-misleading.
6. Limitation of liability.
In no event shall Almost Heaven Saunas LLC, nor any of its officers, directors and employees, be liable to you for anything arising out of or in any way connected with your use of this website, whether such liability is under contract, tort or otherwise, and Almost Heaven Saunas LLC and/or its licensors, including its officers, directors and employees shall not be liable for any indirect, consequential or special liability arising out of or in any way related to your use of this website.
7. Indemnification.
You hereby indemnify Almost Heaven Saunas LLC and undertake to keep Almost Heaven Saunas LLC indemnified against any losses, damages, costs, liabilities and expenses (including without limitation legal expenses and any amounts paid by Almost Heaven Saunas LLC to a third party in settlement of a claim or dispute on the advice of Almost Heaven Saunas LLC’s legal advisers) incurred or suffered by Almost Heaven Saunas LLC arising out of any breach by you of any provision of these terms and conditions
8. Severability.
If any provision of these terms is found to be unenforceable or invalid under any applicable law, such unenforceability or invalidity shall not render these terms unenforceable or invalid as a whole, and such provisions shall be deleted without affecting the remaining provisions herein.
9. Variation of terms.
Almost Heaven Saunas LLC and/or its licensors is permitted to revise these terms at any time as it sees fit, and by using this website you are expected to review such terms on a regular basis to ensure you understand all terms and conditions governing use of this website.
10. Assignment.
Almost Heaven Saunas LLC shall be permitted to assign, transfer, and subcontract its rights and/or obligations under these terms without any notification or consent required. However, you shall not be permitted to assign, transfer, or subcontract any of your rights and/or obligations under these terms.
11. Entire Agreement.
These terms, including any legal notices and disclaimers contained on this website, constitute the entire agreement between Almost Heaven Saunas LLC and/or its licensors and you in relation to your use of this website, and supersede all prior agreements and understandings with respect to the same.
12. Governing Law & Jurisdiction.
These terms will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Michigan, and you submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in Michigan for the resolution of any disputes.
Privacy Policy for almostheaven.com
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their ‘Personally identifiable information’ (PII) is being used online. PII, as used in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, phone number or other details to help you with your experience.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you place an order, subscribe to a newsletter, fill out a form or enter information on our site.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
To quickly process your transactions.
To send periodic emails regarding your order or other products and services.
To follow up with them after correspondence (live chat, email or phone inquiries)
How do we protect visitor information?
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
We implement a variety of security measures when a user places an order enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.
All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.
Do we use ‘cookies’?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We use cookies to:
Help remember and process the items in the shopping cart.
Understand and save user’s preferences for future visits.
Keep track of advertisements.
Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser’s Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If users disable cookies in their browser:
If you disable cookies off, some features will be disabled It will turn off some of the features that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly.
However, you can still place orders over the telephone by contacting customer service.
Third-party disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide users with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or serving our users, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release information when it’s release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property or safety.
However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third-party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third-party products or services on our website. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Google
Google’s advertising requirements can be summed up by Google’s Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en
We use Google AdSense Advertising on our website.
Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on previous visits to our site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt-out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google Ad and Content Network privacy policy.
We have implemented the following:
Remarketing with Google AdSense
Google Display Network Impression Reporting
Demographics and Interests Reporting
DoubleClick Platform Integration
We along with third-party vendors, such as Google use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions and other ad service functions as they relate to our website.
Opting out:
Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising initiative opt out page or permanently using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.
California Online Privacy Protection Act
CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law’s reach stretches well beyond California to require a person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting personally identifiable information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals with whom it is being shared, and to comply with this policy. – See more at: http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf
According to CalOPPA we agree to the following:
Users can visit our site anonymously.
Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page or as a minimum on the first significant page after entering our website.
Our Privacy Policy link includes the word ‘Privacy’ and can be easily be found on the page specified above.
Users will be notified of any privacy policy changes:
On our Privacy Policy Page
Users are able to change their personal information:
By calling us
How does our site handle do not track signals?
We don’t honor do not track signals and do not track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place. We don’t honor them because:
Does our site allow third-party behavioral tracking?
It’s also important to note that we do not allow third-party behavioral tracking
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under 13, the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, the nation’s consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children’s privacy and safety online.
We do not specifically market to children under 13.
Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:
We will notify the users via email
Within 7 business days
We also agree to the Individual Redress Principle, which requires that individuals have a right to pursue legally enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
CAN SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
We collect your email address in order to:
Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.
Process orders and to send information and updates pertaining to orders.
We may also send you additional information related to your product and/or service.
Market to our mailing list or continue to send emails to our clients after the original transaction has occurred.
To be in accordance with CANSPAM we agree to the following:
NOT use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.
Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way.
Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters.
Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.
Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.
Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email.
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us at
Follow the instructions at the bottom of each email.
and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
almostheaven.com
11261 James Street
Holland, MI 49424
USA
sales@almostheaven.com
888.355.3050
x
General Brochure Request
What product are you interested in?
Select
Barrel Saunas
Indoor Saunas
Wood Burning Saunas
Infrared Saunas
Email Address
First Name
Last Name
Phone Number
Callback
Call Me Back
Yes, I would like to receive the Almost Heaven newsletter
Yes, I would like to receive the Almost Heaven Newsletter
Submit