https://alohamedicinals.com/policy-info/
Aloha Medicinals
Money Back Guarantee
We are so certain you will be helped by the medicinal mushroom supplements and products that we offer a full 100% Money Back Guarantee! If you are not completely satisfied with your Aloha Medicinals purchase, you may return all unused products to us for a full refund.
Returns must be postmarked no more than 30 days from the date of purchase to qualify for this refund policy. Upon receipt and processing of your return, the credit card account number provided at the time of your purchase will be credited. It will generally take 5 to 7 days for the credit to appear on your account.
This guarantee applies within 30 days of the original purchase date only. Within 90 days of the original purchase date, we will accept unopened product that is returned in a saleable condition.
* Customer is responsible for return shipping costs.
– Free Shipping Rules –
Free shipping for orders in the US only.
Free shipping only qualifies for over $25.
Mushroom Spawn is not eligible for free shipping.
Cultures qualify for free shipping if they are shipped with USPS within the continental US.
Please call (775) 886-6300 for more information.
Shipping of Cultures
Aloha Medicinals is prepared to serve any customer and ship cultures to any destination; however, due to the biological nature of our medicinal mushroom supplements and products, international customers might need to consult their local health department or Ministry of Agriculture for information or permits. Delivery time is strongly connected to the strain type that is ordered. Fast growing strains usually need one week until they are shipped to customers while some others need more time.
Because fungal cultures are sensitive when exposed to prolonged high or low temperatures (which is the case of their shipping with USPS), we strongly recommend their faster delivery using FedEx Services, even though this will cost you a bit more.
Special Considerations for Spawn products
Since Aloha Medicinals has no control over the shipping conditions, we supply all of the mushroom cultures in duplicate (two tubes) to ensure they are not killed or damaged from high or low temperature during shipping.
All Aloha Medicinals cultures are guaranteed for life. If you lose a culture through contamination, death of the culture, senescence or from some other reason, we will gladly replace it for free. Call Toll Free (877) 835-6091 for full details on returns.
Aloha Medicinals General Shipping Guidelines
All products are shipped from Nevada
Shipping typically takes 3-5 business days, but is not guaranteed for FedEx Home Delivery and USPS Free Shipping.
Free Priority Mail orders and FedEx Home Delivery orders that are placed after 1:00 PM will be processed within 1 business day.
Same day order processing cutoff is 1:00 PM Monday through Friday.
All express orders (overnight, 2nd day and 3 day express) through FedEx will be processed up until 1:00 PM same day.
Express Priority Overnight – next business day (before 10:00 AM depending upon location)
Express Standard Overnight – next business day
Express 2nd Day – 2nd business day
Express Saver – 3rd business day
Home Delivery – up to 7 business days depending upon location
FedEx 2 Day shipping takes 3 business days to ship to Hawaii.
Orders shipped to Hawaii are excluded from free shipping, but USPS may be used as a carrier as long as the order meets USPS guidelines.
Duties, VAT, and other taxes not paid for international orders.
Saturday delivery may be available in your area. Please call our customer service desk at 775-886-6300 for availability and ordering assistance.
*During the Holiday season, expect 1 extra day for handling
Aloha Medicinals Privacy FAQ
What do you do with my personal information?
The credit card billing information that you give us when you place an order is only used for payment processing. We do not sell your information to any other company.
How do I know that my credit card number is secure?
Our server makes sure that your connection is encrypted when you begin the checkout process on our shopping cart.
This prevents your private information from being viewed by anyone else.
Does your website download cookies to my computer?
We only use cookies to see how many visitors and sales we get. We do not track the websites that you visit.
Aloha Medicinals
0Bulk IngredientsProducts
Pure LineReishiMushroom BlendsPet Health Products
Ultimate K9 Immune Support Bundle Back
Coffee/CocoaMushroom Grain SpawnOrganic CulturesBooks Back
About
About Our CompanyAbout Our ProductsFull Spectrum Mycoproducts Back
Resources
Policy InfoBlogPress ReleaseTestimonials Back
Growing
Organic CulturesMushroom Grain Spawn Back
Contact Us
× Close Panel
New Customer
Creating an account gives you easy access to order history, care instructions for purchased products and support history
Register
Username *
Email address *
Password *
Your personal data will be used to support your experience throughout this website, to manage access to your account, and for other purposes described in our privacy policy.
I want to receive updates about products and promotions.
Register
×
Login
Username or email address *
Password *
Remember me
Log in
Lost your password?
×
Wholesale / Special Orders
Thank you for your interest in purchasing bulk products. If you have any questions or are interested in bulk ingredients or private label formulas, please call our professional desk at (775) 886-6300 or (877) 835-6091 or fill out the form below.
Privacy is very important to us and we never share or sell any of our information with anyone. You can be secure knowing we value and always safeguard your data and online presence.
I have read and agree to the Terms
×
Contact Our Customer Service Department Today
Please fill out the form below with your request. Please include your order number in the subject line. For more urgent inquiries, order modifications, or to cancel an order, please call Customer Service at 877-835-6091.
Privacy is very important to us and we never share or sell any of our information with anyone. You can be secure knowing we value and always safeguard your data and online presence.
I have read and agree to the Terms
×
Fill Out the Form Below to Receive the Catalog
Fill Out Form To Download Now
First Name:
Last Name:
Email:
Phone:
Company:
We respect your email privacy
×
A NOTE ON THE FILTERS:
Why would you buy these expensive bags??? The usual filter bag available in the USA has a single layer of filter material about 5/1000 of an inch thick (0.005” or 0.12 mm). The air exchange is from outside to inside the bag through this single layer only. The filter layer is not much thicker than the spores and bacteria you are trying to keep out. With daily fluctuations in temperature, the gas is forced back and forth across this filter layer, carrying bacteria and spores with it. This results in the migration of competitor organisms into the bag IN EVERY CASE. If you can see it growing, that’s great because you call it contamination and throw the bag out, but the real problem is the bacteria that gets through the filter that you cannot see, because this always reduce your yield, lowering the biological efficiency. The problems with the single patch filter bags are reduced yield, contamination and drying out of substrate.
These Mycosac bags on the other hand use an entirely different filter design. The filter is shaped like a comb, and the air exchange is lengthwise up the teeth of the comb, and then it enters the bag through the center strip. The entire filter strip is covered on the outside with a layer of plastic, so the gas exchange can only take place along this narrow corridor so there is no drying out or transfer of competitor organisms. The distance the air has to travel to get into or out of the bag is about ½” (.500” or 12 mm). There is no transfer of competitor organisms from the outside, and your yield goes up when compared to the single patch bags. At Aloha Medicinals we inoculate about 800 bags on a typical day and we can go throughout the entire year with zero contaminated bags. Also with every species we grow, we get a yield of at least 100% Biological Efficiency, some species up to 200%. Due to the higher price on Mycosacs, we resisted changing to these bags for a lot of years, but once we did our production DOUBLED! We cannot speak highly enough of these bags, they are the real breakthrough in mushroom cultivation we have all been waiting for. Changing to Mycosac bags was the best investment we ever made!
×