https://alwaystestclean.com/editorial-policy/
Learn About Our Editorial Policy.
The Always Test Clean Editorial Policy applies to profiles and listings for alwaystestclean.com and other Always Test Clean services.  These policies reflect Always Test Clean’s efforts to build, maintain, and promote a quality product for our advertisers and their prospective customers.  Always Test Clean may modify these policies at any time in its sole discretion.   Please review the most recent version of these policies prior to adding or modifying any content.  See Privacy Policy  and
Always Test Clean reserves the right, but does not assume the obligation, to review your content on Profiles and listings.  Always Test Clean in its sole discretion, may modify or remove any content at any time and for any reason.  These policies are in addition to, not in lieu of, the Terms of Use and the Code of Conduct, both of which you must continue to comply with.
You are solely responsible for the content of your profile and other advertising. This responsibility includes complying with the legal and other qualifications, including professional licenses, association authorizations, and trademark and copyright authorizations, required for performing and advertising your products and services.
Your appearance on sites other than alwaystestclean.com is subject to the policies of such sites, and Always Test Clean does not guarantee your appearance on any site.
Always Test Clean Editorial Policy Profile and Listing Requirements
Profiles must be in English.
Campaign or other political messaging is prohibited on profiles.
Any website or social media links must have a relevant landing page.  The landing page must not contain nudity or sexually explicit content.
Website URLs may only appear on the designated link on the profile and will be removed if included in any additional fields or in any logos or graphics.
Website URLs must link to a working website and be specific to the business.
Advertiser email addresses may only appear on the designated link on the profile and will be removed if included in any additional fields or in any logos or graphics.
All videos must directly represent the subject topic and not focus on general topics.  Videos cannot contain campaign or other political messaging.  Videos branded with any name other than the name, Always Test Clean or YouTube are not allowed and will be removed.
All logos and images must directly represent the subject topic.   Standalone certification, affiliation or award logos may not be used.  However, generic product images and QR codes may be included on coupons only.
Logos and images may not contain email addresses, URLs, or telephone numbers and must otherwise comply with editorial policies.
All advertising areas, service areas and category selections must accurately reflect the scope of the business.
Attributes should accurately represent products or services offered by the business.
Only one telephone number is allowed to appear on a profile and will be removed if included in any additional fields or in any logos or graphics.  Fax numbers are allowed to appear in the business description only if the number is clearly labeled as a fax number.
Only one address is allowed to appear on a profile.  Additional addresses will be removed.
All business names should accurately reflect the actual name under which the company conducts its day-to-day operations.
physical street address must be provided for each profile even if the option to hide the address from appearing on the profile is selected. P.O. Boxes are not allowed and will be removed.
You May Not Submit Content That:
Is illegal, offensive, threatening, false, or misleading.
Contains profanity (including gestures and symbols that represent or imply curse words), derogatory terms or verbiage not normally used in polite conversation.
Promotes sexually suggestive content involving children, teens, or underage models.
Promotes or depicts non-consensual activity.
Depicts adult/sexual/pornographic images.
Promotes or depicts prostitution.
Promotes online gambling websites, or websites that directly support or facilitate illegal online gambling.
Promotes the sale of fake documents or counterfeit goods.
Promotes the sale of fireworks or explosives.
Promotes or depicts acts of violence or human suffering.
Advocates against any person, organization, business, industry, etc.
Promotes the sale of human body parts, organs, or fluids.
Promotes the solicitation of funds.
Promotes file sharing or peer-to-peer networking sites.
Promotes link-only sites or third party Cost Per Click (CPC) ad resellers.
Promotes template sites for ad networks, including without limitation, products and services that create templates or pre-generated websites intended to profit from ads, bulk marketing, spam, cable descramblers, black boxes, dialers, computer hacking or cracking, or modification chips.
Additional Always Test Clean Editorial Policy Requirements:
Business Descriptions should be written in sentence form and are limited to 3500 characters.
Business Description content should not be copied or used verbatim from existing web sites.  This practice results in duplicate content, which can negatively impact performance.
Taglines are limited to 80 characters including punctuation.  If the tagline is written in sentence format, a punctuation mark is required at the end.
Standalone company names may not be used as a tagline.
Word lists may not be used.  This includes geographies or zip codes.
Repetitive custom attributes, search terms, or keywords may not be used.  This includes geographies.
Use standard capitalization in business descriptions.  Do not capitalize entire words (unless trademarked) or the first letter of every word in a sentence.
Competitive claims must be supported.  Do not use general superlatives such as “best,” “lowest,”“#1,” “cheapest,” etc. unless these claims are documented and supported by outside sources.
Use proper grammar and spelling.
Use one space between sentences.
Do not use excessive or unnecessary punctuation. Do not use improper or unnecessary abbreviations.
>Unacceptable – Want quick results @ low price$???
Repetitive words may not be used.
Unacceptable – Results are fast, fast, fast!
You must respect the intellectual property, privacy and publicity rights of third parties.
Author Recent Posts
DennisAuthor at Always Test CleanThis Author Has Been Providing Advice On How To Pass Drug Tests For 40 Years. Use The Real World Experience Tens Of Thousands Have Trusted Over The Years.To Find Out Why My Advice Is So Effective Or To Contact Me: See This Author
Latest posts by Dennis (see all)
Last Updated On February 22, 2020
We use cookies to make our site easier for you to use.
We do not share any information for any reason.
By using this site, you agree to our Terms and Conditions.I AgreePrivacy Policy