https://alwaystestclean.com/terms-and-conditions/
Always Test Clean Terms And Conditions
The goal of the Always Test Clean Terms and Conditions is to provide straight forward information to understand how the relationship of Always Test Clean and you, the customer and/or user of our information and products, will be governed.
Governance
The web site www.alwaystestclean.com (Site) and the name Always Test Clean is licensed to and operated by Marquise Interactive Limited (MIL), an unlimited company duly incorporated under the laws of Ireland.  Unless we say otherwise, we use the terms “MIL”, “Always Test Clean”, “Site”, “we” and “us” in this Disclaimer and they all refer to MIL.
All software used on this Site is the proprietary property of B&B Foundation (B&B), a not for profit foundation headquartered in Victoria, Seychelles.  Alwaystestclean.com is the exclusive property and is owned and controlled by B&B Foundation with its principal place of registration in Victoria, Seychelles.  B&B shall be credited as the provider and/or owner of all Content, Copyright’s, Trademarks, Intellectual Property you see on alwaystestclean.com.
This Site and all of its content including, but not limited to, articles, other text, photographs, illustrations, graphics, product names, designs, logos, video material, audio clips, (collectively, “the Intellectual Property”) are protected by copyright, trademark and other laws of the United States, as well as the Seychelles Copyright Act, 2014 (Act No. 5 of 2014), the International Business Companies Act, 1994 (Chapter 100A), as well as any other applicable laws of the Republic of Seychelles.  Any and All rights are always and completely reserved.
These terms and conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Republic Of Ireland. You consent to the exercise of personal and subject matter jurisdiction by the courts of the Republic Of Ireland in the Province of Leinster and in the Four Courts in Dublin.
Overview
These Always Test Clean Terms And Conditions apply to all information on and purchases from this Site and may NOT be altered, supplemented, or amended by you through the use of any other document(s). Any attempt to alter, supplement or amend this document or to enter an order for product(s) which is subject to additional or altered terms and conditions will be null and void, unless otherwise agreed to in a written agreement signed by you and an authorized member of (MIL).
By purchasing products and/or services from MIL you agree to be bound by and accept this Agreement. Orders are not binding until accepted by MIL. MIL will indicate its acceptance of an order by acknowledging reply e-mail or by shipping ordered items from itself or from companies that process products and/or shipping for MIL.  Prices, products, descriptions, laws and availability can change quickly, therefore MIL does not warrant the accuracy or completeness of information provided on the Site.
We accept VISA, MasterCard, American Express, Discover, PayPal and Bitcoin only.  We do not accept cash, money orders or purchase orders.  All payments must be received in advance. Separate charges for shipping will be shown on your order.
We will make our best effort to have orders shipped the same business day they are processed if the orders are received by 1:00 PM Eastern Standard Time in the United States. Orders placed Saturday, Sunday, or on holidays will be processed the next business day. Circumstances may prevent orders from being processed including types of verification.
We reserve the right to make partial shipments, which will not relieve your obligation to pay shipping charges for all remaining deliveries. We take no responsibility for packages once the chosen shipper has made pick up.  We also reserve the right to contract shipping and support services through third-party processing, shipping and support parties.
Terms And Conditions
You understand and agree that our products are not to be used for any illegal purposes, including for lawfully administered drug tests.  Please seek legal advice, specific to your jurisdiction, if you have any concerns about the legality of using any information and/or products.
This Site, information and products are for your personal and non-commercial use only.
This information is not intended to encourage or discourage drug use, drug abuse or cheating on lawfully administered drug tests. Because drug laws vary by jurisdiction and are subject to change, the accuracy of the information contained in this Site can not be guaranteed. If you are concerned with any legal issues that might occur because of the use of our products, please seek legal advice immediately.
Any information provided is not intended to interpret the law or provide legal advice. Neither the author nor the publisher is engaged on rendering legal services. Please see an attorney for any legal advice.
None of these conversations, products nor hypotheses have been evaluated by the United States of America Food and Drug Administration (FDA). None of the products proposed and/or provided diagnose, cure or prevent and diseases. If you have any medical questions or concerns whatsoever see your doctor before buying or using our products or advice.
MIL provides a line of industry leading solutions that should be able to meet your current needs. We believe all the information in this Site is accurate as of its publication date and such information is subject to change without notice. We are not responsible for inadvertent errors.
Your use of our products is at your own risk. Drug tests are very complex and the outcomes can be unpredictable. Their outcome is predicated on a myriad of complex issues interacting with the tests, the testing procedures, your personal background and habits, as well as your use of our products. Because of this we can not guarantee any specific outcome for the use of our products.
MIL conducts its business in a manner that conserves the environment and protects the safety and health of its employees, customers and the community. All brand, company or product names are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective companies.  Copyright 2001 To The Present Date.  All rights are always reserved.
Your use of this Site constitutes your agreement, without modification, to all terms, conditions, and notices contained herein. We reserve the right to change or modify the terms and conditions at any time and for any reason. Your continued use after any such changes constitutes acceptance of the modified terms. If you do not agree to all of these terms and conditions, you should not access this Site nor should you purchase our products.
MIL from time to time and at its own discretion, decision and cost can substitute a like or better product for the one the customer ordered at no additional cost to the customer.
Partners
MIL has chosen ATC Online, LLC, a Florida based company to provide credit card processing services, product packaging, product shipping, product returns and customer support services within the United States under standalone third-party contract(s).  ATC Online, LLC can and does subcontract portions of its responsibility to subcontractors.  ATC Online, LLC is not owned, managed or operated by MIL and MIL does not and can not accept any liability for services provided by ATC Online, LLC.   None of these terms or conditions can be construed to be a liability of or actions of ATC Online, LLC.
Our Shipping Policy
From time to time, ATC Online, LLC, a Florida based company subcontracts to third party shipping vendors for the shipping of our products.
These third party shipping vendors can include:
Amazon.com (Amazon)
United States Postal Service (USPS)
United Parcel Service (UPS)
Federal Express (FedEx)
DHL International Shipping (DHL)
Your Shipping And Billing Information Must Be Accurate.
Your Error.  Once we release your shipment to the third party shipper, we no longer are responsible for shipping errors that are caused by you, the customer.  We can not provide a refund until you correct your error and/or have the product returned to our facility per the Returns And Credits Policy stated above.
Our Error:  Should we make an error in shipping, we will provide a full refund of your shipping costs or a full and complete refund of your purchase after the product is returned to our facility per the Returns And Credits Policy stated above.
Refund Policy
In the unlikely event that you are unable to achieve your desired results, we do offer a full and complete refund of the price of your product purchase per our Returns and Credits Policy.
Ingredients
All information and products are to be used for the sole purpose of detoxification. Our products are dietary supplements consisting of all natural vitamins, herbs, and minerals. However, our instructions are for suggested use only.  All products distributed by MIL are to be used at your own risk.
Medical Warning
Due to the fact that our detoxification products cleanse the body of toxins, persons with medical conditions (i.e. high blood pressure, diabetes, etc.) and/or taking therapeutic medications of any kind should consult with a physician before using our products. Our products are not intended for those with kidney disease/disorder, pregnant or nursing women or persons under the age of 18.
Disclaimer
Any actions including, but not limited to, the copying, modification, revision, reproduction, republication, uploading, posting, transmission, or distribution for commercial or non-personal purposes of any material or element from this Site including, but not limited to, the design or layout of this Site, individual elements of this Site’s design, or Always Test Clean logos without the express written permission MIL or the owner of the these Intellectual Properties is strictly prohibited.
By viewing this web Site, you agree to be bound by all the terms and conditions in this Disclaimer. MIL may change these terms and conditions at any time without notice, and by continuing to access or use the Site you accept any changed terms as they may apply from time to time. Unless expressly stated otherwise, MIL is the only entity responsible for the content of the information on this Site (the “Information”). B&B Foundation is not and can not be responsible for the content of the information and/or statements on this Site.  Statements made on this Site are for informational purposes only and are not intended to be substituted for the advice of a medical professional. You should read all product packaging carefully prior to use.
This Site provides general information about the Site alwaystestclean.com and the products and services we offer for sale in store and online and is solely for that purpose.
While MIL takes reasonable care to provide information which is accurate and up to date when it is first included on the Site, we do not undertake to update or correct information in real-time and we reserve the right to change, delete or move all or any of the material on this Site at any time without notice.
MIL makes no representation or warranty express or implied (and to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law MIL disclaims any representation or warranty) as to the accuracy or completeness of any of the information included on this Site. Neither MIL nor any other person or entity accepts liability for any loss or damage of any nature or however caused, arising directly or indirectly from the use of or reliance upon this Site or any of the information it contains.
All materials displayed on the Site are protected by copyright. You may not sell, transfer, modify, copy, transmit, distribute, display, reproduce, publish, license or create works from any information or materials contained on the Site or otherwise use them for any public or commercial use without our express written consent.
All prices are displayed inclusive of VAT. Packaging may vary from that shown. The weights, dimensions and capacities given are approximate only. Labels may vary from those shown. We have made every effort to display as accurately as possible the colors of our products that appear on the Site. However, as the actual colors you see will depend on your monitor, we cannot guarantee that your monitor’s display of any color will accurately reflect the color of the product on purchase.
This Site may from time to time incorporate links (internet hypertext links), leading to Sites which are not under the control of MIL. MIL will accept no responsibility or liability in respect of the material on any Site which is not under the control of MIL. MIL will not be responsible for any material placed on or linked to the Site by any person or persons without authorization.
These provisions shall be construed in accordance with Irish law. If you access this Site you are deemed to have read and accepted the above provisions.
Information and statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration of the United States of America and are not intended to diagnose, treat, or prevent any disease or medical condition.
We reserve the right to refuse all sales to individuals in “sensitive” positions of employment and government mandated testing, including but not limited to airline, train, driving, medical, heavy machinery industry(s), and military, probation, parole, or court-ordered testing, respectively.
Privacy Policy
We Do Not Share Information Personally Identifying You, Your Purchases, Your Address To Outside Parties Nor Do We Archive Your Personal Information . . . PERIOD!
We are committed to protecting the privacy of our visitors. On occasion, it may be necessary for us to collect information such as your name, address, telephone number and/or email address primarily to process your order. We intend to notify you before collecting this kind of information. If you choose to give us any information that we may need in order to contact you or process your order, you may inform us if you do not wish for us to use that information to contact you again in the future. Otherwise, we may use the information to notify you of your orders, services, changes to our Site or other matters that we believe might interest you as our customer.
Some of our pages may use “cookies”. A cookie is a packet of information that our Site sends to your browser, which may then store it on your computer. This and similar technology helps our Site to automatically gather information such as the number and frequency of visitors and may be necessary for the operation of a so-called “shopping cart” feature. We use this information to assist you with your order and/or to find out, among other things, what parts of our Site that users find most useful or appealing. We may provide this information to outside parties, but if we do, the information will not include any personally identifying information. We do not collect personally identifying information as part of this automatic process, and do not combine this data with any personally identifying information that you may voluntarily provide.
Your privacy is important to us, and maintaining your trust and confidence is a high priority. The purpose of this notice is to explain our Privacy Policy with regard to personal information about you that we obtain.
We collect nonpublic personal information about you that is provided to us by you or obtained by us with your authorization or consent. We do not disclose any personal information about our customers or former customers to anyone, except as required to fill your order or as required or permitted by law. In order to guard your nonpublic personal information, we maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards.  For more information See Our Privacy Policy.
Risk Of Loss
You agree that all purchases from our Site are made pursuant to a shipment contract. Risk of loss and title for any such items pass to you upon our delivery to the carrier.
Copyright’s, Trademarks, Intellectual Property
This Compilation (meaning the collection, arrangement and assembly) of all Content, Copyright’s, Trademarks, Intellectual Property of alwaystestclean.com (Site) is the exclusive property and is owned and/or controlled by B&B Foundation (B&B) with its principal place of registration in Victoria, Seychelles and B&B shall be credited as the provider and/or owner of all Content, Copyright’s, Trademarks and Intellectual Property.
This Site and all of its content including, but not limited to, articles, other text, photographs, illustrations, graphics, product names, designs, logos, video material, audio clips, (collectively, “the Intellectual Property”) are protected by copyright, trademark and other laws of the United States, as well as the Seychelles Copyright Act, 2014 (Act No. 5 of 2014), the International Business Companies Act, 1994 (Chapter 100A), as well as any other applicable laws of the Republic of Seychelles.  Any and All rights are always and completely reserved.
For the purpose of the Site www.alwaystestclean.com or alwaystestclean.com and for providing services and products through that Site, B&B Foundation has chosen to license certain rights to MIL.
No part of this publication or Site may be reproduced, distributed, or transmitted in any form or by any means, including photocopying, recording, or other electronic or mechanical methods, without the prior written permission of the publisher, except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical reviews and certain other noncommercial uses permitted by copyright law.
For permission requests, write to:
Marquise Interactive Limited
Attention: Permissions Coordination
ATC Online, LLC
4705 Messina Drive
Lake Mary, FL  32746
You agree that all materials displayed and/or contained on any portion of this Site are our property. You understand that you may not modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer or sell any of the materials contained on this Site.
We respect the intellectual property rights of others. If you believe that anything accessible on this Site has infringed on your copyright, please contact our agent for notice of claims of copyright infringement. In your correspondence, set forth the following information:
Your physical or electronic signature, or that of a person authorized to act on your behalf; Identification of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online Site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that Site;
Identification of the material that you claim infringes your copyright or that you claim is the subject of infringing activity (you must give us sufficient information to find the material) and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled.
Your address, telephone number, and, if available, e-mail address or other information reasonably sufficient to permit the us to contact you; A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material is not authorized by you, your agent, or the law;
A statement that the information in your notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are the owner or are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.  Please forward your correspondence to the e-mail address: support@alwaystestclean.com.
Third Party Sites
This Site may contain hyperlinks that may direct you to other Sites on the Internet. Furthermore, you may arrive at our Site via a link from another Site on the Internet. These Sites are not under our control and you agree that we are not responsible for any aspect of such Sites, including, without limitation, accuracy or compliance with applicable laws. The use of our link on other Sites and the inclusion of third-party links on this Site does not imply a partnership or joint venture with such Site and does not constitute an endorsement of such Site’s contents.
Choice Of Law/Forum
These terms and conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Republic Of Ireland without giving effect to any conflicts of laws principles. Subject to the provisions of the next paragraph concerning arbitration, you consent to the exercise of personal and subject matter jurisdiction by the courts of the Republic Of Ireland in the Province of Leinster and the Four Courts in Dublin, with respect to any disputes, suits, legal actions or proceedings which are brought, and you agree that you will not start any permitted action in any court other than the above noted courts. You irrevocably waive any objection which you may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any permitted action commenced in any of the above noted courts has been brought in an inconvenient forum.
Mandatory Arbitration
Any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement, or its breach, shall be settled by arbitration in Dublin, Ireland in accordance with the governing rules of the Irish Arbitration Association. Judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrator or arbitrators may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.
Servability
These terms and conditions constitute the entire agreement between you and us with respect to your use of this Site. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not affect the other provisions hereof, and the agreement shall be construed in all respects as if such invalid or unenforceable provisions were omitted.
Product Disclaimers
Any goods and services provided by us are provided AS IS, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF: 1) MERCHANTABILITY; 2) FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE; 3) QUALITY; 4) ACCURACY; 5) NON-INFRINGEMENT; 6) QUIET ENJOYMENT; AND 7) TITLE. YOU AGREE THAT ANY EFFORTS BY US TO MODIFY OUR GOODS OR SERVICES SHALL NOT BE DEEMED A WAIVER OF THESE LIMITATIONS, AND THAT ANY OF OUR WARRANTIES SHALL NOT BE DEEMED TO HAVE FAILED OF THEIR ESSENTIAL PURPOSE. YOU FURTHER AGREE THAT WE SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES OF ANY KIND WHETHER UNDER THESE TERMS OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF WE WERE ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES OR WERE GROSSLY NEGLIGENT. IN THE EVENT OF ANY DISPUTE BETWEEN YOU AND US, YOU AGREE THAT YOUR SOLE REMEDY SHALL BE FOR REFUND OF THE PURCHASE PRICE AS SET FORTH ON THIS Site. MODIFICATIONS MADE TO ANY PRODUCT OR SERVICE OBTAINED BY VIRTUE OF YOUR USE OF THIS SITE, BY YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY VOIDS ANY REMAINING EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, IF ANY. Where such disclaimer, exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages is limited by law, our liability is limited to the greatest extent permitted by law.
Author Recent Posts
DennisAuthor at Always Test CleanThis Author Has Been Providing Advice On How To Pass Drug Tests For 40 Years. Use The Real World Experience Tens Of Thousands Have Trusted Over The Years.To Find Out Why My Advice Is So Effective Or To Contact Me: See This Author
Latest posts by Dennis (see all)
Last Updated On February 22, 2020
We use cookies to make our site easier for you to use.
We do not share any information for any reason.
By using this site, you agree to our Terms and Conditions.I AgreePrivacy Policy