http://ambercoppings.com/cookie-policy/
Cookie Policy - Artist, Surface Pattern Designer, Teaching Artist
AboutArtist ResidenciesCookie PolicyFeatured CollectionPortfolioPOWER Artist Residency Documentation- SlideshowPOWER Artist Residency Project Documentation- PhotosPrivacy PolicyRetail Shop PoliciesShopSustainability ProfileTerms & ConditionsWorkshop ScheduleHomeContactPressEvents & Classes
Toggle Navigation
About
Portfolio
Shop
Workshop Schedule
Artist Residencies
Press
Contact
Cookie Policy
Cookies In Use on This Site
Cookies and how they Benefit You
Our website uses cookies, as almost all websites do, to help provide you with the best experience we can.
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer or mobile phone when you browse websites
Our cookies help us:
Make our website work as you’d expect
Remember your settings during and between visits
Improve the speed/security of the site
Allow you to share pages with social networks like Facebook
Continuously improve our website for you
Make our marketing more efficient (ultimately helping us to offer the service we do at the price we do)
We do not use cookies to:
Collect any personally identifiable information (without your express permission)
Collect any sensitive information (without your express permission)
Pass data to advertising networks
Pass personally identifiable data to third parties
Pay sales commissions
You can learn more about all the cookies we use below
Granting us permission to use cookies
If the settings on your software that you are using to view this website (your browser) are adjusted to accept cookies we take this, and your continued use of our website, to mean that you are fine with this. Should you wish to remove or not use cookies from our site you can learn how to do this below, however doing so will likely mean that our site will not work as you would expect.
More about our Cookies
Website Function Cookies
Our own cookies
We use cookies to make our website work including:
Remembering your search settings
Allowing you to add comments to our site
There is no way to prevent these cookies being set other than to not use our site.
Social Website Cookies
So you can easily “Like” or share our content on the likes of Facebook and Twitter we have included sharing buttons on our site.
Cookies are set by:
The privacy implications on this will vary from social network to social network and will be dependent on the privacy settings you have chosen on these networks.
Visitor Statistics Cookies
We use cookies to compile visitor statistics such as how many people have visited our website, what type of technology they are using (e.g. Mac or Windows which helps to identify when our site isn’t working as it should for particular technologies), how long they spend on the site, what page they look at etc. This helps us to continuously improve our website. These so called “analytics” programs also tell us if how people reached this site (e.g. from a search engine) and whether they have been here before helping us to put more money into developing our services for you instead of marketing spend.
We use:
Turning Cookies Off
You can usually switch cookies off by adjusting your browser settings to stop it from accepting cookies (Learn how here). Doing so however will likely limit the functionality of our’s and a large proportion of the world’s websites as cookies are a standard part of most modern websites
It may be that you concerns around cookies relate to so called “spyware”. Rather than switching off cookies in your browser you may find that anti-spyware software achieves the same objective by automatically deleting cookies considered to be invasive. Learn more about managing cookies with antispyware software.
The cookie information text on this site was derived from content provided by Attacat Internet Marketing http://www.attacat.co.uk/, a marketing agency based in Edinburgh. If you need similar information for your own website you can use their free cookie audit tool.
ambercoppingsstudio
Congrats to the winners of the giveaway created by
I love being a Teaching Artist. We are so varied i
Red Cabbage lake pigment. Now, I will have a brand
This is what my table looks like after a natural d
A sunset view of our garden, including the indestr
There’s a cozy view from the hammock of the gard
Took an early morning garden walk this morning. Fo
Collaborative Care Packages- that’s the name Lin
Colors from the garden.
#gardencolorpalette #gard
Sneak peek at some cool stuff my friend @huffalo a
I made so much watercolor paint yesterday! Seven c
I invested in new art supplies and what lovely cre
Follow on Instagram
This error message is only visible to WordPress admins
Error: API requests are being delayed for this account. New posts will not be retrieved.Log in as an administrator and view the Instagram Feed settings page for more details.
Recent Posts
Non-Objective Wall Art
Place Postcards
Sketchbook Covers
Pages
About
Amber Coppings Resume
Artist Residencies
Blog
Cookie Policy
Featured Collection
McGuffey May 27, 2020
Portfolio
POWER Artist Residency Documentation- Slideshow
POWER Artist Residency Project Documentation- Photos
Privacy Policy
Retail Shop Policies
Shop
Sustainability Profile
Terms & Conditions
Workshop Schedule
Home
Contact
Press
Events & Classes
Archives
April 2020
June 2019
May 2019
April 2019
March 2019
February 2019
November 2018
August 2018
May 2018
April 2018
February 2018
January 2018
October 2017
April 2017
February 2017
June 2016
May 2015
November 2013
October 2013
March 2013
January 2013
November 2012
October 2012
September 2012
August 2012
July 2012
April 2012
December 2011
November 2011
September 2011
August 2011
May 2011
April 2011
March 2011
January 2011
November 2010
October 2010
September 2010
August 2010
July 2010
June 2010
April 2010
February 2010
Recent Posts
Non-Objective Wall Art
Place Postcards
Sketchbook Covers
Create at Full Pint- Autobio or Die! a Diary Comics Workshop
New York Photographic Floral Wallpaper Collection
Categories
Celebrity Xmittens sightings
Featured Artists
Featured Customers
Featured Designers
Focus on Fabrics
Inspirations
My Story
Portfolio
POWER Documentation
Sales
Spotlight
Studio Updates
Teaching
Uncategorized
Xmittens
Copyright © 2019 Amber Dawn Coppings, Textile Artist Juliet
Juliet Pro by LyraThemes.com
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkNoRead more
Revoke Cookies