http://ambercoppings.com/privacy-policy/
AboutArtist ResidenciesCookie PolicyFeatured CollectionPortfolioPOWER Artist Residency Documentation- SlideshowPOWER Artist Residency Project Documentation- PhotosPrivacy PolicyRetail Shop PoliciesShopSustainability ProfileTerms & ConditionsHomeContactPressEvents & Classes
Toggle Navigation
About
Portfolio
Shop
Artist Residencies
Press
Contact
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Xmittens collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the http://www.ambercoppings.com website (“Site”). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Xmittens.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, place an order, subscribe to the newsletter, respond to a survey, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use “cookies” to enhance User experience. User’s web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly. A full Cookie Policy for this site can be found here.
How we use collected information
Xmittens may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
– To improve customer service
Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
– To personalize user experience
We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
– To improve our Site
We may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.
– To process payments
We may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
– To send periodic emails
We may use the email address to send User information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email or User may contact us via our Site.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and its Users happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers. In almost all cases, Xmittens will never see your credit card information except for addresses and other information that will help ship your order.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission.
Third party websites
Users may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website’s own terms and policies.
Advertising
Ads appearing on our site may be delivered to Users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile non personal identification information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This privacy policy does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Google Adsense
Some of the ads may be served by Google. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to Users based on their visit to our Site and other sites on the Internet. DART uses “non personally identifiable information” and does NOT track personal information about you, such as your name, email address, physical address, etc. You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
Changes to this privacy policy
Xmittens has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy and terms of service. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
Xmittens
http://www.ambercoppings.com
Xmittens Amber Coppings 5509 Celadine Street Pittsburgh, PA 15201
412-720-8047
Please use contact link above to send an email.
This document was last updated on May 20, 2018
Privacy policy created by Generate Privacy Policy
Leave a Reply Cancel replyYour email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *CommentName*
Email Address*
Website
Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is processed.
Monthly Creative Musings & Free Stuff
Sign up for my email newsletter that I send every 4 weeks or so.
ambercoppingsstudio
she/her
Artist Designer Teacher
Creativity Enthusiast
Art Licensing & Direct Sales
@powerrecovery Resident Artist
https://ambercoppings.com/
Distance. My eyes miss it. I realized that today w
The one and only Snails and Their Houses Sketchboo
Hope to finish these mini quilts this week. Half t
The POWER Artist Residency has been an ongoing pro
All Sketchbook Journal Bags are on sale this week,
Just in case you forgot... Xmittens has been taken
I love to create. Can't stop, won't stop.
This do
There are lots of people missing their families ri
Load More...
Follow on Instagram
Recent Posts
Non-Objective Wall Art
Place Postcards
Sketchbook Covers
Pages
About
Amber Coppings Resume
Artist Residencies
Blog
Cookie Policy
Featured Collection
Free Stuff for Email List Subscribers
McGuffey May 27, 2020
Portfolio
POWER Artist Residency Documentation- Slideshow
POWER Artist Residency Project Documentation- Photos
Privacy Policy
Retail Shop Policies
Shop
Sustainability Profile
Terms & Conditions
Home
Contact
Press
Events & Classes
Archives
April 2020
June 2019
May 2019
April 2019
March 2019
February 2019
November 2018
August 2018
May 2018
April 2018
February 2018
January 2018
October 2017
April 2017
February 2017
June 2016
May 2015
November 2013
October 2013
March 2013
January 2013
November 2012
October 2012
September 2012
August 2012
July 2012
April 2012
December 2011
November 2011
September 2011
August 2011
May 2011
April 2011
March 2011
January 2011
November 2010
October 2010
September 2010
August 2010
July 2010
June 2010
April 2010
February 2010
Recent Posts
Non-Objective Wall Art
Place Postcards
Sketchbook Covers
Create at Full Pint- Autobio or Die! a Diary Comics Workshop
New York Photographic Floral Wallpaper Collection
Categories
Celebrity Xmittens sightings
Featured Artists
Featured Customers
Featured Designers
Focus on Fabrics
Inspirations
My Story
Portfolio
POWER Documentation
Sales
Spotlight
Studio Updates
Teaching
Uncategorized
Xmittens
Copyright © 2020 Amber Dawn Coppings, Textile Artist Juliet
Juliet Pro by LyraThemes.com
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkNoRead more
Revoke Cookies