https://amberlynchocolates.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to footer
Privacy Policy
The website (“AmberLynChocolates.com”) is owned and operated by The Cacao Group, Inc.. AmberLynChocolates.com recognizes the importance of protecting and maintaining the privacy of our customers (“Customers”), registered members (“Members”) and other Internet users (collectively “Users”), and we post this privacy policy (“Policy”) to describe our practices regarding the collection and use of information gathered through AmberLynChocolates.com.
This Policy applies only to Users accessing AmberLynChocolates.com from within the United States and Canada. This Policy is effective as of January 1, 2013. From time to time this policy may be updated and you are invited to review it periodically. In the event this Policy changes, we will inform you by posting an updated Policy on this web page. All changes will take effect on the date posted in our Policy. The new Policy will apply to all past and current users of AmberLynChocolates.com and will replace any prior policy statements.
Important note: You must be a U.S. or Canadian resident 18 years or older to register as a Member or use AmberLynChocolates.com.
What Information We Collect and How it is Used
AmberLynChocolates.com does not collect personally identifiable information from individuals unless they provide it voluntarily and knowingly. This means we don’t require Users to register or provide information to us in order to view our site or to purchase product.
If you elect to become a Member, we collect the following information about you: name, address, phone number, email address, username, password, date of birth. We also collect the names, addresses, and phone numbers of those persons whom you add to your personal address book as a Member, which is only accessible by using the Member’s log-in information.
We use the information you supply for the purpose of providing the services you have requested. In addition, AmberLynChocolates.com may from time-to-time contact you via email or regular mail, unless you opt-out by following the instructions in the “opting out” section of this policy.
If you shop with us online via AmberLynChocolates.com, we collect the following information about you: name, address, phone number, email address, and billing information.
We use your name, address, phone number, billing information to process your order or otherwise described in this privacy policy. The email address you provide is used for internal purposes, such as confirming and tracking your order or otherwise as described in this privacy policy. We may also contact you via email or regular mail from time-to-time to keep you up-to-date on the latest AmberLynChocolates.com news or to send you product information.
Additionally, gift recipients may, from time to time, receive our latest catalog as well as offers from us regarding new products and services that we think may be of interest to them. We allow gift recipients the option to opt out of receiving future marketing related mailings from us.
In certain instances we may disclose your personally identifiable information when we have reason to believe that it is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against persons or entities that may be causing injury to you, Amber Lyn or others. We may also disclose your personally identifiable information when we believe the law requires it.
In the event of a merger, consolidation or sale or transfer of all or substantially all of our company or its assets, it is possible that all User information collected by AmberLynChocolates.com will be transferred to the purchaser or the new company.
Updating, Deleting, Editing Your Member Information
A Member can access, review and/or correct all of their personally identifiable information that was provided to us online by visiting the following URL: http://www.amberlynchocolates.com/member/default.aspx. If a Member wishes to have their account deleted, the Member can send an email requesting the deletion to customerservice@AmberLynChocolates.com.
Cookies and Web Beacons
A Member can access, review and/or correct all of their personally identifiable information that was provided to us online by visiting the following URL: http://www.amberlynchocolates.com/member/default.aspx. If a Member wishes to have their account deleted, the Member can send an email requesting the deletion to customerservice@AmberLynChocolates.com.
Promotions
AmberLynChocolates.com sometimes includes notices of promotions we are conducting, and we may permit you to enter electronically in some cases. If that occurs, we will use the information you provide for the purpose of conducting the promotion (e.g., to contact you if you’re a winner).
In addition, we may participate in Internet related promotions sponsored by third parties. In these instances, if you are a participant in such promotions, we may provide certain personally identifiable information to these third parties in furtherance of the promotion.
These parties have agreed to hold this information in confidence, not use it for any purpose except to carry out the requested service, and honor AmberLynChocolates.com’s privacy and security policies in the way this information is handled.
FooterInformation
My account
Shipping
Returns
Contact
Amber Lyn
Our Story
Our Guarantee
Nutrition Facts
FAQ’s
Sweet Stuff
Cravers Club
Coupons & Discounts
Testimonials
Our Policies
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Secure Shopping
Shopping CartThere are no products in the cart!Continue Shopping0