http://ambercoppings.com/terms-conditions/
AboutArtist ResidenciesCookie PolicyFeatured CollectionPortfolioPOWER Artist Residency Documentation- SlideshowPOWER Artist Residency Project Documentation- PhotosPrivacy PolicyRetail Shop PoliciesShopSustainability ProfileTerms & ConditionsHomeContactPressEvents & Classes
Toggle Navigation
About
Portfolio
Shop
Artist Residencies
Press
Contact
Terms & Conditions
Terms and Conditions   (If you would like to read more about Xmittens’ Privacy Policy please click here)
1. Terms
By accessing this web site, you are agreeing to be bound by these web site Terms and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws and regulations, and
agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited
from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this web site are protected by applicable copyright and trade mark law.
2. Disclaimer
a. Products on Xmittens’ web site are provided “as is”. Xmittens/Amber Coppings makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims
and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular
purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, Xmittens/Amber Coppings does not warrant or make any
representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the products on its internet web site or otherwise relating to
such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
3. Limitations
In no event shall Xmittens/Amber Coppings or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or
due to business interruption,) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on Xmittens’ Internet site, even if Xmittens/Amber Coppings or a
Xmittens/Amber Coppings authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do
not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to
you.
4. Revisions and Errata
The materials appearing on Xmittens’ web site could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. Xmittens/Amber Coppings does not
warrant that any of the materials on its web site are accurate, complete, or current. Xmittens/Amber Coppings may make changes to the materials
contained on its web site at any time without notice. Xmittens/Amber Coppings does not, however, make any commitment to update the materials.
5. Links
Xmittens/Amber Coppings has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its Internet web site and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Xmittens of the site. Use of any such linked web site is at the user’s own risk.
6. Site Terms of Use Modifications
Xmittens/Amber Coppings may revise these terms of use for its web site at any time.
Leave a Reply Cancel replyYour email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *CommentName*
Email Address*
Website
Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is processed.
Monthly Creative Musings & Free Stuff
Sign up for my email newsletter that I send every 4 weeks or so.
ambercoppingsstudio
she/her
Artist Designer Teacher
Creativity Enthusiast
Art Licensing & Direct Sales
@powerrecovery Resident Artist
https://ambercoppings.com/
Distance. My eyes miss it. I realized that today w
The one and only Snails and Their Houses Sketchboo
Hope to finish these mini quilts this week. Half t
The POWER Artist Residency has been an ongoing pro
All Sketchbook Journal Bags are on sale this week,
Just in case you forgot... Xmittens has been taken
I love to create. Can't stop, won't stop.
This do
There are lots of people missing their families ri
Load More...
Follow on Instagram
Recent Posts
Non-Objective Wall Art
Place Postcards
Sketchbook Covers
Pages
About
Amber Coppings Resume
Artist Residencies
Blog
Cookie Policy
Featured Collection
Free Stuff for Email List Subscribers
McGuffey May 27, 2020
Portfolio
POWER Artist Residency Documentation- Slideshow
POWER Artist Residency Project Documentation- Photos
Privacy Policy
Retail Shop Policies
Shop
Sustainability Profile
Terms & Conditions
Home
Contact
Press
Events & Classes
Archives
April 2020
June 2019
May 2019
April 2019
March 2019
February 2019
November 2018
August 2018
May 2018
April 2018
February 2018
January 2018
October 2017
April 2017
February 2017
June 2016
May 2015
November 2013
October 2013
March 2013
January 2013
November 2012
October 2012
September 2012
August 2012
July 2012
April 2012
December 2011
November 2011
September 2011
August 2011
May 2011
April 2011
March 2011
January 2011
November 2010
October 2010
September 2010
August 2010
July 2010
June 2010
April 2010
February 2010
Recent Posts
Non-Objective Wall Art
Place Postcards
Sketchbook Covers
Create at Full Pint- Autobio or Die! a Diary Comics Workshop
New York Photographic Floral Wallpaper Collection
Categories
Celebrity Xmittens sightings
Featured Artists
Featured Customers
Featured Designers
Focus on Fabrics
Inspirations
My Story
Portfolio
POWER Documentation
Sales
Spotlight
Studio Updates
Teaching
Uncategorized
Xmittens
Copyright © 2020 Amber Dawn Coppings, Textile Artist Juliet
Juliet Pro by LyraThemes.com
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkNoRead more
Revoke Cookies