https://amberlynchocolates.com/terms-conditions/
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to footer
TERMS & CONDITIONS
PLEASE CAREFULLY REVIEW THE TERMS OF USE FOR THIS SITE.
As your use of the site will indicate your acceptance of these terms, do not use the site if you do not agree to be bound by these terms. The Cacao Group, Inc. may revise these terms and conditions at any time by updating this posting. We invite you to visit this page periodically to review the terms and conditions, as they are binding on all customers.
AmberLynChocolates.com is the property of The Cacao Group, Inc. The text, graphics, images and other copyrighted or copyrightable materials are Copyright (c) 2013 The Cacao Group. All rights not expressly granted are reserved. This includes all photos and digital assets. The Cacao Group, Inc. authorizes you to view and download a single copy of copyrighted or copyrightable material for your personal, noncommercial use, but you may not copy, modify, use or distribute the material without the express written permission of The Cacao Group, Inc. The Cacao Group, Inc. invites you to browse the site and hopes that the experience is enjoyable. But, you do so at your own risk. All contents of AmberLynChocolates.com, unless otherwise expressly stated, are offered to you on an as is basis without any express or implied warranty whatsoever. The Cacao Group, Inc. disclaims all express and implied warranties, including merchantability, non-infringement and fitness for a particular purpose. The Cacao Group, Inc. does not guarantee that the functions of this site will be uninterrupted or error-free. Nor do we guarantee that this site or server will be free of viruses or defects. The Cacao Group, Inc. is not responsible or liable for damages of any kind (including but not limited to direct, indirect, incidental, consequential or punitive) related to your use of the site. The Cacao Group, Inc. may make changes to the web page content and the product information and prices at any time without notice and without obligation to update any of the content contained on these web pages.
From time to time, The Cacao Group, Inc. may provide links to third party web sites. This is done solely as a convenience to you and not as an endorsement. The Cacao Group, Inc. assumes no responsibility for the content of any sites it links to and has not reviewed the content of such sites. Your access to those sites is at your own risk.
We invite you to share your thoughts, comments, and other contributions at various places on the site. Please note that any communication or other material sent to The Cacao Group, Inc. whether through the site, email, or other means is considered non-confidential. By sending such communications, you grant The Cacao Group, Inc. a royalty-free, perpetual, non-exclusive license to use, reproduce, modify, edit, distribute, perform and display any material (and the ideas) contained in the communication for any purpose, including reproducing, posting or publicizing such material or using the material for marketing purposes.
The Cacao Group, Inc. tries to ensure that your personal information, including physical address, email address, credit card number, and other billing information, are protected. However, we cannot make any guarantees about security and/or your privacy. In the event of unauthorized use of your credit card, notify your credit card provider or issuing bank in accordance with their reporting rules and procedures.
This web site, including, but not limited to the Terms of Use and Statement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Utah. The venue for any dispute regarding anything contained within and/or resulting from access to this web site shall lie exclusively in Salt Lake City, Utah.
Market Research
From time to time, AmberLynChocolates.com may also conduct questionnaires and surveys and we may contact you via email, postal mail or phone. Survey information is treated like all of the information we collect, and it is used to help us improve the appeal of our products and our site.
Live Customer Service Assistance
AmberLynChocolates.com offers Users live customer service assistance. Users of this service may disclose personally identifiable information to AmberLynChocolates.com. This personally identifiable information is used to help facilitate the customer service representative in assisting with the inquiries they receive from the User.
Third Party Service Providers
AmberLynChocolates.com may employ other companies and individuals to perform services for us. For example, we may hire agencies to help administer consumer promotions, to analyze data, to fulfill orders you place, and to provide customer service. These parties have agreed to hold this information in confidence, not use it for any purpose except to carry out the requested service, and honor Amber Lyn’s privacy and security policies in the way this information is handled.
Security
AmberLynChocolates.com takes your privacy and security seriously. For this reason we have established security measures including locked doors and files, electronic security and managerial controls that limit the potential for misuse of information by employees, contractors and other third parties.
Contacting AmberLynChocolates.com
If you have any questions about our Policy, Contact Us or contact us by mail at Amber Lyn Chocolates, 9075 South Sandy ParkwaySandy, UT 84070.
We’ll be happy to answer your questions or hear your concerns.
FooterInformation
My account
Shipping
Returns
Contact
Amber Lyn
Our Story
Our Guarantee
Nutrition Facts
FAQ’s
Sweet Stuff
Cravers Club
Coupons & Discounts
Testimonials
Our Policies
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Secure Shopping
Shopping CartThere are no products in the cart!Continue Shopping0