https://americansaferoom.com/american-safe-room-policies/
Terms | Policies | Warranty
American Safe Room PoliciesRevision date: April 22,2020Terms of Sales and PaymentAll orders are shipped prepaid. American Safe Room (ASR) accepts Visa, MasterCard, American Express, certified checks, company checks (may be required to clear before shipment), money orders, and wire transfers. Credit card information is accepted by telephone and FAX, not by e-mail. The maximum credit card payment accepted is $8,000.00 (USD). Credit card payments and company checks are not accepted for export orders. The quoted amount must be received by ASR. Please request the quoted amount be transferred in full when initiating a wire transfer.CancellationsOrders may be cancelled for refund within 48 hours of payment or deposit transaction, unless parts have been built or shipped. Parts assembly usually commences as soon as payment or deposit is received. Payment refund will not include transaction fees or shipping charges.Returned itemsPlease see below our complete return policy.Stock itemsStock items are products that we normally have in stock and are usually available for immediate shipment after payment is arranged. At times, we may be out of stock items and will let you know at time of order.Special order itemsSpecial order items and large quantity orders require a 50% deposit at time of order and the balance due before shipping. Please notify ASR if you would like a proof picture of your special order items e-mailed to you before arranging the balance due. Special order items include blast doors, blast hatches, ventilation pipes, and some differential pressure gauges.Back ordersIf we are out of stock on an item, we may back order the item and ship it when we have stock or we may hold and ship complete – at the discretion of the customer. The projected ship date will be given at the time of order and you will be notified of any changes to the projected ship date.Shipping chargesShipping charges apply to all orders – except the Complete Blast Protected NBC Filtration Package which included UPS Ground shipment to the contiguous US 48 states and a shipping discount of $100.00 for shipments to Alaska and Hawaii. Filters and their accessories are usually shipped by UPS. Blast doors, hatches, and ventilation pipes are shipped by USF Reddaway. Alternate shippers can be arranged. Please state your preference at time of order.Export ordersOrders shipped out of the United States that require an export license will be charged a flat rate of $175.00 per order.Return PolicyAmerican Safe Room will repair or replace any factory defective parts for up to two years from the date of shipping. Beyond this date, we will gladly repair or replace any damaged part for a reasonable cost.We do not accept returns after 15 days of purchase. Returns will be issued a refund of the parts price, minus a 15% restocking fee and minus the transaction costs incurred by ASR. The original shipping costs will not be refunded, even if the items were shipped without shipping charges listed separately (“shipping included” and “reduced flat rate shipping” items).Limited Liability WarrantyAmerican Safe Room (ASR) warrants our mechanical products against manufacturing defects for a period of two years from the date of shipping. This warranty is limited to repair or replacing defective parts at our sole discretion. Mechanical parts are defined as any individual part that does not produce or carry an electrical current at any time. ASR warrants our electrical products against manufacturing defects for a period of one year. This warranty is limited to repair or replacing defective parts at our sole discretion. Electrical parts are defined as any individual part that produces or conducts electricity.What this warranty includes: Repair or replacement of any item within the specified warranty time that is shown to have been manufactured with a defect that was not apparent at time of manufacture or purchase.What this warranty does not include: Any damage to parts after they leave our factory. Either in shipping, assembly, or use.What you, the purchaser, can do to protect your purchase: It is the responsibility of the purchaser to inspect and test any and all parts immediately after taking possession of them. This will not only protect the end user, it will protect the purchaser in the event that warranty service is necessary. Retain all the paperwork, especially the user manual and the invoice for the life of the part. What you need to do in the event of a problem with your purchase: Notify us immediately. We have the knowledge, tools, and parts to fix your problem. Do not wait to notify us. Do not notify any of our dealers, agents, or anyone claiming to represent ASR. Contact information is at the bottom of this document.What we will do in the event of a problem with your purchase: We will first try and determine the extent of the problem and what will repair it. We will offer to ship replacement parts if we deem that the problem is easily repaired. Do not try and repair any part without factory authorization. In the event that replacement parts do not repair the problem, you will have to ship the parts to the factory for testing and repair. Do not ship any parts back without prior authorization. If you have any questions about this warranty, please contact American Safe Room.Privacy PolicyASR respects your privacy and understands that our product line is one that our customers require discretion about their purchases and private information. Across our business, we will only collect, store and use your personal information for defined purposes. We use your information to support and enhance our relationship with you, for example, to process your purchase, provide service and support, and share product, service and company news and offerings with you. We do not sell your personal information. We only share your personal data outside of ASR with your consent, as required by law or to protect ASR, its customers, or the public, or with companies that help ASR fulfill its obligations with you, and then only with partners who share ASR’s commitment to protecting your privacy and data. At any time you may contact ASR with any privacy questions or concerns you may have. You also may ask at any time to see the personal data you have given us and request correction or deletion. We strive to protect the security of your personal data by use of appropriate measures and processes.Privacy and Data SecurityAt ASR, your right to privacy and data security is a primary concern. That’s why, when you visit our websites, we help you maintain control over your personal data on the Internet. Below are the guidelines we use for protecting the information you provide us during a visit to our Internet site. ASR’s Privacy statement discloses the privacy guidelines for ASR.ASR only asks for specific types of personal informationIn a few areas on our websites, we ask you to provide information that will enable us to enhance your site visit, to assist you with purchase and technical support issues or to follow up with you after your visit.Information we may request includes your name, e-mail address, phone number, address, type of business, credit card details, customer preference information and customer number, as well as other similar personal information.ASR only uses your personal information for specific purposesThe information you provide will be kept confidential and used to support your customer relationship with ASR. ASR may be required to disclose personal information in connection with law enforcement, fraud prevention, regulation, and other legal action or if ASR reasonably believes it is necessary to do so to protect ASR, its customers, or the public.ASR will not disclose your personal information to any outside organization for its use in marketing without your consentInformation regarding you (such as name, address and phone number) or your order and the products you purchase will not be given or sold to any outside organization for its use in marketing or solicitation without your consent.Third-Party WebsitesPlease be aware that other web sites that may be accessed through our site may collect personally identifiable information about you. The information practices of those third-party web sites linked to our websites are not covered by this privacy statement. You are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your passwords or any account information. Please be careful and responsible whenever you’re online. If you post personal information online that is accessible to the public, you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return. While we strive to protect your personal information, ASR cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk.Other Web sitesASR’s websites contains links to other websites that are not operated by ASR. ASR is not responsible for the privacy practices of the Web sites that it does not operate.Contact ASRIf you would like to contact us for any reason regarding our privacy practices, please use the information provided on our contact page.
868 Murdock Drive, Oakland, OR 97462 | Phone: 541-459-1806 (8:30–3:30 PST) | sales@AmericanSafeRoom.com