https://ameraspalace.com.au/class-terms-conditions/
Home / Terms and Conditions
Class passes
Class passes and Flexi passes (except Silver and Gold) are valid only for the term they are purchased for.   If you miss a class, you’re welcome to attend a different class at another time to make up, but only during the same term.   Classes cannot be carried forward to the next term.
No refunds or extensions are available for unused or partially used class passes.   If you are sick for more than half a term, you may apply to have your pass transferred to the following term on production of a medical certificate covering the whole period of your absence.
All classes are subject to a minimum enrolment.  If a class does not have sufficient students, it may be cancelled.  Amera’s Palace reserves the right to change or alter class levels and styles. Teachers will be nominated at the beginning of each Term, however Amera’s Palace reserves the right to change teachers.
[divider]
Bellydance Boutique Purchases
Phone and Mail Orders
If you prefer not to order online, we do accept phone, email or mail orders.
Shipping
We use Australia Post to ship your order. Once posted, we have no control over your parcel and cannot accept responsibility for loss or damage in transit.  If you wish to ensure safe delivery, you may request Registered Post, or insurance at your cost.
Returns and Refunds
We recognise that when buying online, it’s not always possible to be sure of your needs – so if you are not happy with your online purchase, we will refund the cost of the item (less postage and packing), provided the item is returned undamaged in its original packaging, unworn and unused.
Bulk Discounts/Wholesale
Customers often ask if they can have a discount “because I’m a belly dance teacher (or belly dance student)”.  The fact is, nearly all our customers are belly dance teachers or students, so we’d have to discount for everyone!  We can’t play favourites – however, if you’re able to submit a bulk order on behalf of several students, which can be packaged and sent to one  address, then you will save us administration costs and we can pass those savings on to you – please contact us to discuss your requirements.
We do not sell wholesale.
[divider]
Privacy
Click here to view our privacy policy.
Search for:
Search
Product categoriesChristmas Concert 13th December
Class Passes
Hip Scarves
Bras & Tops
Coin Bras & Coin Belts
Skirts
Costume Sets
Gowns & Galabeyas
Tribal & Vintage Treasures
Folkloric
Props
Jewellery
Headwear
Shoes
CDs & DVDs
Percussion Instruments
Fringing & Coins
Gift Vouchers
Specials!