https://amishcountrylanes.com/privacy-policy/
Home / Privacy Policy
Use of Information
We are committed to protecting your privacy. We will not collect any personally identifying information about you except when you specifically and knowingly provide it. We provide the information we collect about you to the quilt makers to enable them to process orders, and to respond to questions that you ask. Examples of the kind of information we may collect include your name, postal address, e-mail address, phone number, credit card number, purchasing history and email messages. We also retain the ip address and certain other related information provided by your web browser to assist in detecting fraudulent activity.
Cookies
We place ‘cookies’ on your computer to personalize the presentation of our web pages and to store information about quilts that you mark as your ‘favorites’. The ‘cookie’ that uniquely identifies you is encrypted. We also use Google Analytics to track our web site’s performance. Google Analytics places several cookies on your computer.
Disclosure of Information
We do not and will not give away, sell, rent or trade identifiable information about individuals using our web site to any one other than the quilt makers listing quilts on the web site. However, we may disclose such information to government agencies in response to legitimate inquiries.
At times we may provide aggregate statistics about our customers, sales, traffic patterns, and related Web site information to others, but these statistics will include no personally identifying information.
Children’s Information
Although our Web site is not designed for or marketed to children, we recognize that children may attempt to make purchases through it. We and the quilt makers using our web site do not wish to accept orders or collect personal information from children. If you are a parent and you believe your child has provided personal information, you may, if you wish, contact us to learn what information was obtained and to ask that we remove such information from our records. We will use all our reasonable efforts to accommodate such requests.
Your Consent
By using our Web site, you consent to our collection and use of personal information as described in this policy. In the event we change our privacy practices or policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
All Quilts
Bed Quilts
Small Quilts
Ready to Ship
Quilt ShopsAttic Workshop
C Jean Horst
Connie Lapp
Dolores Yoder
Hannah’s Quilts
Indiana Amish
Karel’s Kreations
Lancaster Select
Ruth Flaud
Custom Quilts
Patchwork Quilts
Crib & Baby Quilts
Table Top Quilts
Applique Quilts
Amish Colors Quilts
Wedding Quilts
Christmas Quilts
Links to Interesting Websites