https://andrewdando.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Checkout
Andrew Dando Antiques is committed to protecting your privacy and security. This privacy policy explains how and why we use your personal data and is intended to help ensure that you remain informed and in control of your information. For privacy information on the use of our website (Cookies, etc.) please see below.
What personal data do we hold
The personal data we hold is information you give when you communicate with us, and when you purchase items from us, such as your name and address.
How we collect personal data
We only collect data which has voluntarily been given when you contact us regarding an enquiry or purchase, by phone, email, or in person.
How we use your personal data
The law on data protection sets out a number of different reasons for which a company may collect and process your personal data, including:
Consent
In specific situations, we can collect and process your data with your consent.
For example, if we introduce email newsletters in the future.
Contractual obligations
We need your personal data to comply with our contractual obligations when you purchase an item.
When you purchase an item from us for home delivery, we take your address details to deliver your purchase, and pass them to our courier.
Legal compliance
If the law requires us to, we may need to collect and process your data.
For example, we can pass on details of people involved in fraud or other criminal activity affecting our business to law enforcement.
Legitimate interest
In specific situations, we require your data to pursue our legitimate interests in a way which might reasonably be expected as part of running our business and which does not materially impact your rights, freedom or interests.
Specifically, we will use either your residential or email address details to send you information regarding our exhibitions and/or fairs where we will be exhibiting. You have the right to request us to stop receiving such information at any time.
How long do we retain your personal data
You have the right to ask us you delete your personal data at any time unless this is contra to our legal requirements specifically to items you have purchased from us. HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) may request to check our records to make sure we are paying the right amount of tax. We therefore have a legal obligation to keep your personal data relating to an item your have purchased for at least 5 years after the 31 January submission deadline of the relevant tax year in which an item was purchased.
Data security
We employ a variety of physical and technical measures to protect information we hold and to prevent unauthorised access to, or use or disclosure of your personal data. This information is only legitimately accessible to the partners in the business unless some data is required by a third party for instance a courier for the delivery of an item.
Third party providers and links to other websites
It may be necessary during the normal course of our normal business to share some elements of personal data with a third party such as a courier to deliver an item. Clients will be notified of how we intend to facilitate delivery purchased from us.
Andrew Dando Antiques also uses Mail Chimp to send bulk emails.
We have links to the websites of the Cotswold Antique Dealers Association, and the British Antique Dealers Association.
We are not responsible for the content or functionality of any such websites. If a third party website requests personal data from you (e.g. in connection with an order for goods or services), the information you provide will not be covered by this privacy policy. We suggest you read the privacy notice of any other website before providing any personal information.
Control and Access to your personal data
We want to ensure you remain in control of your personal data and that you understand your legal rights, which are:
the right to know whether we hold your personal data and, if we do so, to be sent a copy of the personal data that we hold about you (a “subject access request”) within one month;
the right to have your personal data erased (though this will not apply where it is necessary for us to continue to use the data for a lawful reason);
the right to have inaccurate personal data rectified;
the right to object to your personal data being used for marketing
If you would like further information on your rights or wish to exercise them, please contact us.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
We may amend this privacy policy from time to time to ensure it remains up-to-date and continues to reflect how and why we use your personal data. The current version of our privacy policy will always be posted on our website. This version was updated on the 12.07.18.
Below we set out our privacy policy, which will govern the way in which we process any personal information that you provide to us.
You can access our home page and browse our site without disclosing your personal data, save information collected by cookies that we use (see below).
Who may process data?
Your personal information (which includes your name, address and any other details you provide to us, which concern you as an individual) may be processed by us.
Purpose of processing:
We will use your information for the purpose of fulfilling requests for information placed by you, processing any other transactions authorised or made by you with us, informing you of exhibitions and new acquisitions and providing other marketing information to you which we think you may find of interest and undertaking product or customer research/development.
Disclosure of information:
In the unlikely event that a liquidator, administrator or receiver is appointed over us or all or any part of our assets that insolvency practitioner may transfer your information to a third party purchaser of the business provided that purchaser undertakes to use your information for the same purposes as set out in this policy. Your information will not be disclosed to government or local authorities or other government institutions save as required by law or other binding regulations.
Cookies:
We may send a small file to your computer when you visit our website, this file stores your session identifier. This will enable us to identify your computer and to allow our systems to tailor their response to your requests.
Save for the use of cookies, we do not automatically log data or collect data save for information you specifically provide to us. You can set your computer browser to reject cookies but this may preclude your use of certain parts of this website.
The E-commerce functionality on the website uses cookies in order to track changes to your shopping cart. No personal information is stored in these cookies.
We use Google Analytics to help analyse use of our website. This analytical tool uses ‘cookies’, which are text files placed on your computer, to collect standard internet log information and visitor behaviour information in an anonymous form. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) is transmitted to Google. This information is then used to evaluate visitors’ use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity for this website. To find out more about cookies, including how to control and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org, or to opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
We will not (and will not allow any third party) to use the statistical analytics tool to track or to collect any personally identifiable information of visitors to our site. We will not associate any data gathered from this site with any personally identifying information from any source as part of our use of the Google statistical analytics tool. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. Neither ourselves nor Google will link, or seek to link, an IP address with the identity of a computer user.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkPrivacy policy