http://animalessentials.com/privacy-policy/
menu
search
cart
cart-close
wishlist
arrow-down
star
star-empty
chevron-right
chevron-left
arrow-right
arrow-left
close
close-small
remove
radio-unchecked
radio-checked
checkbox-unchecked
checkbox-checked
facebook
flickr
google-plus
instagram
kickstarter
linkedin
mail
pinterest
print
reddit
rss
spotify
stumbleupon
tumblr
twitter
vimeo
vine
youtube
alert-info
alert-fail
alert-success
icon-visa
icon-mastercard
icon-american-express
icon-discover
icon-paypal
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Protecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to www.animalessentials.com and Animal Essentials Inc. and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to Animal Essentials Inc. include www.animalessentials.com and www.veterinarians.com. By using the Animal Essentials Inc. website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
In order to better provide you with products and services offered on our Site, Animal Essentials Inc. may collect personally identifiable information, such as your:
-          First and Last Name
-          Mailing Address
-          E-mail Address
-          Phone Number
If you purchase Animal Essentials Inc.'s products and services, we collect billing and credit card information. This information is used to complete the purchase transaction.
We do not collect any personal information about you unless you voluntarily provide it to us. However, you may be required to provide certain personal information to us when you elect to use certain products or services available on the Site. These may include: (a) registering for an account on our Site; (b) entering a sweepstakes or contest sponsored by us or one of our partners; (c) signing up for special offers from selected third parties; (d) sending us an email message; (e) submitting your credit card or other payment information when ordering and purchasing products and services on our Site. To wit, we will use your information for, but not limited to, communicating with you in relation to services and/or products you have requested from us. We also may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future.
Use of your Personal Information
Animal Essentials Inc. collects and uses your personal information to operate its website(s) and deliver the services you have requested.
Animal Essentials Inc. may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Animal Essentials Inc. and its affiliates.
Sharing Information with Third Parties
Animal Essentials Inc. does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
Animal Essentials Inc. may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. Animal Essentials Inc. may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Animal Essentials Inc., and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Animal Essentials Inc. may disclose your personal information, without notice, if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Animal Essentials Inc. or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Animal Essentials Inc.; and/or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Animal Essentials Inc., or the public.
Tracking User Behavior
Animal Essentials Inc. may keep track of the websites and pages our users visit within Animal Essentials Inc., in order to determine what Animal Essentials Inc. services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Animal Essentials Inc. to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Automatically Collected Information
Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by Animal Essentials Inc.. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Animal Essentials Inc. website.
Security of your Personal Information
Animal Essentials Inc. secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. Animal Essentials Inc. uses the following methods for this purpose:
-          SSL Protocol
When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol.
We strive to take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or alteration of your personal information. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, you acknowledge that: (a) there are security and privacy limitations inherent to the Internet which are beyond our control; and (b) security, integrity, and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and us through this Site cannot be guaranteed.
Children Under Thirteen
Animal Essentials Inc. does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.
E-mail Communications
From time to time, Animal Essentials Inc. may contact you via email for the purpose of providing announcements, promotional offers, alerts, confirmations, surveys, and/or other general communication. In order to improve our Services, we may receive a notification when you open an email from Animal Essentials Inc. or click on a link therein.
If you would like to stop receiving marketing or promotional communications via email from Animal Essentials Inc., you may opt out of such communications by replying STOP" or "clicking on the UNSUBSCRIBE button.
Changes to this Statement
Animal Essentials Inc. reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account, by placing a prominent notice on our site, and/or by updating any privacy information on this page. Your continued use of the Site and/or Services available through this Site after such modifications will constitute your: (a) acknowledgment of the modified Privacy Policy; and (b) agreement to abide and be bound by that Policy.
Contact Information
Animal Essentials Inc. welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Animal Essentials Inc. has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Animal Essentials Inc. at:
Animal Essentials Inc.
1518 W Knudsen Dr #102
Phoenix, Arizona 85027
Email Address:
info@animalessentials.com
Telephone number:
8885510416
Effective as of May 30, 2018