http://annthegran.com/help.aspx
SIGN-UP & SAVE
ANNTHEGRAN HAS
THE LARGEST CATALOG
OF FREE DESIGNS
ON THE WEB!
Sign up today and recieve instant access
to thousands of Free Designs.
Did you mean
?
No thanks, I don't like free stuff
We will not share your information, for more info please read our privacy policy. To ensure delivery to your inbox and to have images
displayed properly, please add sales@annthegran.com to your address book.
Thank you
for signing up
for specials. Please add the email sales@annthegran.com to your address
book to ensure proper delivery.
Help FAQ
Home > Help
1Help FAQ - AnnTheGran.com
Help FAQ
Have a question? Please don't hesitate to contact us. We'll be happy to assist you in any way we can. If you have a suggestion or an idea that you think will make AnnTheGran.com even better, fill out our online
suggestion form
My Account
| Ordering
| Receiving
|
Shipping
| Returns
My Account
My Account keeps all your stuff in one place. Get help with everything from creating or updating your account to viewing your order history.
My Account
Ordering
How to quickly find the designs and products you need, use the shopping cart and secure check out.
Ordering
Receiving Designs
Get an overview and step-by-step help with delivery options for your embroidery designs
and how to unzip files and use design spec sheets.
Receiving Designs
Shipping
Answers to Frequently Asked Questions about Shipping of AnnTheGran.com products.
Shipping
Returns
Policies and Procedures for returning items including our
Money Back Guarantee!
Returns
top of page
Please wait...
New Message Alert
Your custom digitizing order(s) has
1 new message(s)
waiting for you. Please read immediately and respond to expedite the processing
of your order(s).
Read Message Now
CLOSE
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue using the site, we'll assume
that you are happy to receive all cookies on this website.
Click Here to read our privacy policy regarding the use of cookies.I Agree
Converting Currency
We noticed you are in . To see estimated prices
in your local currency please click the "" button below.
Or click anywhere to close this message.