http://annthegran.com/help/shipping.aspx
SIGN-UP & SAVE
ANNTHEGRAN HAS
THE LARGEST CATALOG
OF FREE DESIGNS
ON THE WEB!
Sign up today and recieve instant access
to thousands of Free Designs.
Did you mean
?
No thanks, I don't like free stuff
We will not share your information, for more info please read our privacy policy. To ensure delivery to your inbox and to have images
displayed properly, please add sales@annthegran.com to your address book.
Thank you
for signing up
for specials. Please add the email sales@annthegran.com to your address
book to ensure proper delivery.
Help Details
Home > Help > Help Details
1Help Details
shipping
Shipping FAQ
United States Shipping - UPS Ground or USPS Parcel
Post
All shipping to United States addresses is sent via UPS Ground, UPS Second-Day Air,
or USPS (United States Parcel Post). When you choose one particular service in our
shopping cart, you will receive a real-time shipping quotation, as well as an indication
of the delivery time for each item in your order. Tracking numbers are available
with UPS Ground and UPS Second-Day Air. In some cases, we may substitute FedEx Ground
for UPS Ground, in which case you will receive a FedEx tracking number instead.
How can I check on the status of my order?
You can find the delivery estimates of your order in the order summary. Log in with
your User Name and Password, click on Order History, and click on the order number.
You can find the shipping and delivery estimates by clicking on Track Shipments
link in the Order Receipt.
Order Processing Time - 48 Hour Maximum
Please make sure that you give us an accurate street address that can be delivered
to. All AnnTheGran.com orders are processed in 24-48 business hours. Delivery quotes
are for business days only. Shippers do not ship on Saturday or Sunday and do not
count those days in quotes. Items contained in one order may be shipped from different
locations.
Special Shipping Cases - Outside the Continental United States
Certain shipping limitations apply in certain cases. Delivery times to Puerto Rico,
Alaska, and Hawaii may differ from posted estimates.
For international orders (including to Canada), we offer USPS Priority Mail International
or Global Xpress Guaranteed, both of which offer online tracking.
Returns & Refunds - "If I don't like it, can I send it back?"
In order to be processed, all exchanges/returns/refunds must be approved by an AnnTheGran.com
representative.
If the wrong item is shipped, or the item is damaged or defective, we will issue
a full refund, including shipping costs, or ship you a new one at our expense.
Except in cases where the wrong item has been shipped or where an item is defective,
AnnTheGran.com does not issue refunds. Instead, if you are in any way dissatisfied
with the item(s) you ordered, we issue a store credit, which is valid for one year.
Order Cancellation - "What if I change my mind?"
If you decide to cancel your order on a shipped item before it has shipped, you
are entitled to a store credit for the full amount of the purchase.
If you decide to cancel your order and it has already shipped, even if you have
not yet received it, you will be responsible for returning it to the location from
which it was shipped at your own expense. In addition, you will be charged for the
original shipping to you and issued a store credit for the difference. If the package
has been opened, a 20% administration fee will apply.
Conditions of Refund/Return - "Where's the fine print?"
You can request a return authorization in writing (by e-mail is fine) within the
first 30 days from the date of purchase. Authorized returns of non-defective items
are for a store credit, which is valid for one year.
UNOPENED merchandise that can be returned to the manufacturer may be exchanged for
a store credit for the full amount, less all shipping costs.
OPENED merchandise may be returned for a store credit of the full amount less a
20% administration fee and all shipping costs, provided that merchandise is returned
double boxed in its original factory carton (with all included accessories). Further
deductions from the store credit may be made when we receive the shipment if there
are any missing or damaged items.
NO refunds or exchanges on software or any digitally delivered item (ie. downloaded
embroidery designs, downloaded tutorial) are allowed unless defective at the time
of purchase and only for the same exact product. For non-defective software, AnnTheGran.com
will not refund any purchase once the electronic security code has been delivered.
If you refuse a shipment without having received authorization from an AnnTheGran.com
representative to do so, you will be charged for the shipping of the product both
ways. A store credit will be issued for the difference.
Products Under Warranty - "Do you honor warranties?"
We will replace any unit under warranty that the manufacturer determines to be defective
in material and workmanship that cannot be repaired within 30 days of purchase.
Please contact us to determine if the problem you are having is covered by warranty.
We will reimburse you for ground shipping expense in the continental U.S. for authorized
returns on warranty repairs in the first 30 days from the date of purchase. We will
not accept COD returns.
Please wait...
New Message Alert
Your custom digitizing order(s) has
1 new message(s)
waiting for you. Please read immediately and respond to expedite the processing
of your order(s).
Read Message Now
CLOSE
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue using the site, we'll assume
that you are happy to receive all cookies on this website.
Click Here to read our privacy policy regarding the use of cookies.I Agree
Converting Currency
We noticed you are in . To see estimated prices
in your local currency please click the "" button below.
Or click anywhere to close this message.