https://antiquezen.com/privacy/
Skip to content
Privacy
Home » Privacy
Antique Zen Inc. Privacy Statement
This privacy statement discloses the privacy practices for all of Antique Zen Inc. websites.
This privacy statement informs you, our valued client, that we will notify you of:
What ever personally identifiable information about you or a third party is collected from you through the web site
The organization collecting the information
How the information is used
With whom the information may be shared
What choices are available to you regarding collection, use and distribution of the information
The kind of security procedures that are in place to protect the data
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
If you feel that this company is not abiding by its posted privacy policy, you should first contact us.
Information Collection and Use
Antique Zen Inc. is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. Antique Zen Inc. collects information from our users at several different points on our website. Antiquezen may run message boards and public forums as well; however, these are public. Confidential information should not be posted on a message forum.
Registration
In some cases, if ordering online, information may be collected about you, although typically this is not the case. This information is used to contact users about the services on our site for which they have expressed interest. It is optional for the user to provide demographic information (such as income level and gender), and unique identifiers but encouraged so we can provide a more personalized experience on our site. In order for Antique Zen to develop a more useful and advanced website, targeted at specific users, this information is invaluable, but will be kept exclusively by Antique Zen Inc, and not shared except as aggregate unidentifiable data.
Order
We request information from the user on our order form. Here a user must provide contact information (name and shipping address) and financial information (credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill customers' orders. If we have trouble processing an order, this contact information is used to get in touch with the user.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's hard drive containing information about the user. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site. Once the user closes their browser, the cookie simply terminates. For instance, by setting a cookie on our site, the user would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. If a user rejects the cookie, they may still use the information areas of our site. Support, activities, team consultation, contests, special offers and downloads cannot be offered without cookies. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site.
Some of the websites we offer as convenient resources and links (under Resources and Links page) use cookies but these are not collected by us or for us and you should read the privacy policies of any linked site. However, we have no access to or control over these cookies and cannot be held responsible for their conduct. Please notify us of any concerns. All issues will be addressed and if a partner does not follow these guidelines they will no longer participate on our websites.
Log Files
We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movements, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Sharing
We will NOT share aggregated demographic information with our partners and advertisers. This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person.
We use an outside shipping company to ship orders, and a secure credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.
We partner with another party to provide specific services. When the user signs up for these services, we will share names, or other contact information that is necessary for the third party to provide these services, but restrict our partners to these policies. Please let us know if any partner is not following these guidelines.
These parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we, Antique Zen Inc., are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
Surveys & Contests
From time to time our site requests information from users via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
Tell-A-Friend
If a user elects to use our referral service for informing a friend about our site, we ask them for the friend's name and email address. Antique Zen Inc. will automatically send the friend a one-time email inviting them to visit the site. Antique Zen Inc. stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email. The friend may contact Antique Zen Inc. to request the removal of this information from their database.
Security
This website takes every precaution to protect our users' information. When users submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and off-line.
When our registration/order form asks users to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number and/or social security number), that information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software in the industry - SSL. While on a secure page, such as our order form, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked, as opposed to un-locked, or open, when you are just 'surfing'.
While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in our power to protect user information off-line. All of our users' information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, our billing clerk or a customer service representative) are granted access to personally identifiable information. Our employees must use password-protected screen-savers when they leave their desk. When they return, they must re-enter their password to re-gain access to your information. Furthermore, ALL employees are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices. Every quarter, as well as any time new policies are added, our employees are notified and/or reminded about the importance we place on privacy, and what they can do to ensure our customers' information is protected. Finally, the servers that we store personally identifiable information on are kept in a secure environment.
Correction/Updating Personal Information
If a user's personally identifiable information changes (such as your zip code), or if a user no longer desires our service, we will endeavor to provide a way to correct, update or remove that user's personal data provided to us. This can usually be done at here.
Choice/Opt-out
Our users are given the opportunity to 'opt out' of having their information used for purposes not directly related to our site at the point where we ask for the information. For example, our order form has an 'opt-out' mechanism so users who buy a product from us, can click 'opt-out' for marketing but must still provide their emails for tech support notices and updates.
Users who no longer wish to receive our newsletter or promotional materials from our partners may opt out of receiving these communications by replying to unsubscribe in the subject line and contact us.
Users of our site are always notified when their information is being collected by any outside parties. We do this so our users can make an informed choice as to whether they should proceed with services that require an outside party, or not.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on our Homepage so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by way of an email. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
Data Access Form
Email
GDPR Consent*
By using this form you agree with the storage and handling of your data by this website.
Scroll to Top