https://arancrafts.com/terms-and-conditions-of-use/
Aran Crafts Irish Aran Knitwear
Home / Terms and conditions of use
Terms and conditions of use
Your use of this web site is governed by these Terms and Conditions. Please take a few minutes to review these Terms and Conditions. In consideration of your use of and access to this Internet site (arancrafts.com), and the promises and obligations herein, and intending to be legally bound, YOUR USE OF THE ARANCRAFTS.COM WEB SITE CONSTITUTES YOUR AGREEMENT TO FOLLOW THESE RULES AND TO BE BOUND BY THEM. If you do not agree with any of these Terms and Conditions, do not use the arancrafts.com web site.
This Web Site Is Owned and Operated by West End Knitwear Limited. Aran Crafts and NUA are the trading name of West End Knitwear Limited. The arancrafts.com web site is owned operated by the holding company West End Knitwear Limited. The mailing address for the arancrafts.com web site is:
West End Knitwear Limited
Unit 1,
Cowpasture Industrial Estate
Monasterevin
Co Kildare
Ireland.
Tel: +353 45 525 319 (Between 9am and 5pm GMT, Monday to Thursday & 9am and 1pm GMT Friday; 4am and 12pm EST Monday to Thursday and 4am and 8pm EST Friday)
Fax: +353 45 525 244
Email: weknit@iol.ie
THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS MAY CHANGE.
The West End Knitwear Limited reserves the right to update or modify these Terms and Conditions at any time without prior notice. Your use of the arancrafts.com web site following any such change constitutes your agreement to follow and be bound by the Terms and Conditions as changed. For this reason, we encourage you to review these Terms and Conditions whenever you use this Web site.
COPYRIGHT NOTICE
All of the content you see and hear on the arancrafts.com web site, including, for example, all of the page headers, images, illustrations, graphics, audio clips, video clips and text are subject to trademark, service mark, trade dress, copyright and/or other intellectual property rights or licenses held by West End Knitwear Limited , one of its affiliates or by third parties who have licensed their materials to The West End Knitwear Limited. The entire content of the arancrafts.com web site is copyrighted as a collective work under copyright laws, and West End Knitwear Limited owns a copyright in the selection, coordination, arrangement and enhancement of the content. West End Knitwear Limited has carried out specific enhancement and other qualitative techniques and processes in ensuring images of appropriate dimensions, file size and quality. No part, segment or piece of any photographic image or data, no matter how small, may be used or merged in connection with other images or artwork so as to create a new image.
The content of the arancrafts.com web site, and the site as a whole, are intended solely for personal, non-commercial use by the users of our site. You may download, print and store selected portions of the content, provided (1) no specific restrictions are displayed, (2) you only use these copies of the content for your own personal, non-commercial use, (3) do not copy or post the content on any network computer or broadcast the content in any media, and (4) do not modify or alter the content in any way, or delete or change any copyright or trademark notice.
No right, title or interest in any downloaded materials is transferred to you as a result of any such downloading. West End Knitwear Limited reserves complete title and full intellectual property rights in any content you download from this Web site. You may not copy, download, reproduce, modify, publish, distribute, transmit, transfer or create derivative works from the content without first obtaining written permission from West End Knitwear Limited.
The user shall indemnify and keep fully indemnified West End Knitwear Limited from and against all actions, proceedings, claims, demands, costs (including any legal costs or expenses properly incurred and any compensation costs and disbursements paid by the user on the advice of their legal advisors to compromise or settle any claim), awards and damages arising directly or indirectly as a result of any breach by the user of any of the user’s undertakings, warranties or obligations under the above conditions.
Terms & conditions Promotions (Coupon codes/Specials/Free gifts)
Coupon codes offered for discounts/Free shipping/free gift etc by arancrafts.com are only valid for our website www.arancrafts.com
Percentage Discounts are offered off the value of goods only and do Not include a discount off the cost of shipping.
To redeem Coupon codes, they must be used at time of purchase on our website, by using the code in the Promo/voucher box at the checkout stage of purchase.  Refunds will not be issued to customers credit/debit cards or PayPal accounts after orders are placed.  The coupon codes are only valid at the time of purchase.
Only one Promo/Coupon code voucher is allowed per order.
Some offers may have a minimum spend amount and will be clearly marked on the promotion.
The start date of a promotion is day of announcement by Arancrafts.com or date specificity and valid until date displayed or at the discretion of arancrafts.com
Free gifts or free hats or scarfs giving with a promotion are subject to availability and colours/designs may vary. These items will be shipped with your order
and placed in the package at the time of despatch.
LINKED THIRD PARTY SITES
Links to other Internet sites operated by third parties do not constitute sponsorship, endorsement, or approval by West End Knitwear Limited of the content, policies, or practices of such linked sites. Linked sites are not operated, controlled, or maintained by West End Knitwear Limited, and West End Knitwear Limited is not responsible for the availability, content, security, policies, or practices of linked sites, including without limitation privacy policies and practices. Links to other sites are provided for your convenience only, and you access them at your own risk.
LINKS TO arancrafts.com WEB SITE FROM THIRD PARTY SITES.
Any hyperlinks to the Site from another Web Site must be presented in such a manner that the viewing of the Site is not impaired by framing or similar techniques that may impair the visitor’s user experience.
PRICES, ORDERS AND CORRECTION OF ERRORS
Prices displayed on the arancrafts.com site may be quoted in a range of currencies. West End Knitwear Limited may restrict delivery to addresses within certain geographical areas, as specified from time to time. West End Knitwear Limited will add shipping and handling fees and applicable sales/use tax. West End Knitwear Limited Ltd reserves the right without prior notice to discontinue or change specifications and prices on products and services offered on the arancrafts.com web site without incurring any obligation to you. Products displayed on this site are available while supplies last. Descriptions of, or references to, products or services on the arancrafts.com web site do not imply endorsement of that product or service, or constitute a warranty, by West End Knitwear Limited .
The receipt by you of an order confirmation does not constitute West End Knitwear Limited’s acceptance of an order. Prior to West End Knitwear Limited’s acceptance of an order, verification of information may be required. West End Knitwear Limited reserves the right at any time after receipt of your order to accept or decline your order, or any portion thereof, even after your receipt of an order confirmation from West End Knitwear Limited, for any reason. West End Knitwear Limited reserves the right to limit the order quantity on any item and to refuse service to any customer without prior notification.
In the event that a product or service is listed at an incorrect price due to typographical error, West End Knitwear Limited shall have the right to refuse or cancel orders placed for the product listed at the incorrect price, regardless of whether the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is cancelled, West End Knitwear Limited shall promptly issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price.
Returns must be made within 21 days of delivery all labels swing tickets etc. must be attached.  Arancrafts will NOT pay the return costs incurred by the customer.  Refunds will be given for the cost of the items only and will not include the original shipping charge.  Only Items purchased directly from arancrafts.com can be exchanged/refunded by arancrafts.com.
DISCLAIMERS AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
Users of this website expressly agrees that use of arancrafts.com web site is at the user’s sole risk. Neither West End Knitwear Limited , nor its affiliates, nor any of their officers, directors, or employees, agents, third-party content providers, merchants, sponsors, licensors (collectively, “Providers”), or the like, warrant that the arancrafts.com web site will be uninterrupted or error-free; nor do they make any warranty as to the results that may be obtained from the use of arancrafts.com web site.
Whilst every effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information and material contained on the arancrafts.com web site, West End Knitwear Limited Ltd, its directors, employees or agents assume no responsibility for and give no guarantees, undertakings or warranties concerning the accuracy, completeness or up to date nature of the information provided on the arancrafts.com web site or service, or merchandise provided through the arancrafts.com web site and does not accept any liability whatsoever arising from any errors or omissions.
THIS SITE IS PROVIDED BY WEST END KNITWEAR LIMITED ON AN “AS IS”AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS. WEST END KNITWEAR LIMITED MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE OPERATION OF THE SITE, THE INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS OR PRODUCTS, INCLUDED ON THIS SITE. TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY APPLICABLE LAW, WEST END KNITWEAR LIMITED DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. WEST END KNITWEAR LIMITED WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING FROM THE USE OF THIS SITE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL PUNITIVE AND CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. NO ORAL ADVICE OR WRITTEN INFORMATION GIVEN BY WEST END KNITWEAR LIMITED NOR ITS AFFILIATES, NOR ANY OF THEIR OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, PROVIDERS, OR THE LIKE, SHALL CREATE A WARRANTY; NOR SHALL USER RELY ON ANY SUCH INFORMATION OR ADVICE.
West End Knitwear Limited will accept no liability or responsibility for any loss or damage arising as a consequence of delayed delivery or non-delivery of orders. Under no circumstances shall West End Knitwear Limited , its suppliers or their respective directors, officers, employees or agents or any other party involved in creating, producing, or distributing the arancrafts.com web site be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, or consequential damages that result from the use of or inability to use the arancrafts.com web site, including but not limited to reliance by a user on any information obtained from the arancrafts.com web site or that result from mistakes, omissions, interruptions, deletion of files or email, errors, defects, viruses, delays in operation or transmission, or any failure of performance, whether or not resulting from acts of God, communications failure, theft, destruction, or unauthorized access to West End Knitwear Limited’s records, programs, or services, whether or not damages are based on statute, contract, tort, or any other legal cause, and whether or not West End Knitwear Limited Ltd is advised of the possibility of such liabilities. Users of the arancrafts.com web site hereby acknowledge that this paragraph shall apply to all content, merchandise, and services available through the arancrafts.com web site. Because some countries and states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, in such countries and states liability is limited to the fullest extent permitted by law.
SUBMISSIONS
We welcome your comments regarding the arancrafts.com web site. However, any comments, feedback, notes, messages, ideas, suggestions or other communications (collectively, “Comments”) sent to the arancrafts.com web site shall be and remain the exclusive property of West End Knitwear Limited . Your submission of any such comments shall constitute an assignment to West End Knitwear Limited Ltd of all worldwide rights, titles and interests in all copyrights and other intellectual property rights in the comments. West End Knitwear Limited Ltd will be entitled to use, reproduce, disclose, publish and distribute any material you submit for any purpose whatsoever, without restriction and without compensating you in any way. For this reason, we ask that you not send us any comments that you do not wish to assign to us, including any confidential information or any original creative materials such as stories, product ideas, computer code or original artwork.
SHADE VARIATION
We have done our best to display as accurately as possible the colours of the products shown on the arancrafts.com website. However, because the colours you see will depend on your monitor, we cannot guarantee that your monitor’s display of any colour will be accurate.
INDEMNIFICATION
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless West End Knitwear Limited , West End Knitwear Limited’s vendors, and their affiliates and related entities and their respective directors, officers, employees, and agents from and against all claims, losses, damages, liabilities, and costs (including but not limited to reasonable attorneys’ fees and court costs), arising out of or relating to your breach of these Terms or your access to or use of the arancrafts.com. The foregoing indemnification obligation shall survive termination of these Terms and the arancrafts.com web site and any product or service provided to you arising out of or relating to your use of the arancrafts.com web site.
PRIVACY POLICY
West End Knitwear Limited respects your right to privacy. As part of the operations of the arancrafts.com web site we will retain certain information including your name, address, phone numbers, e-mail address, IP address, billing address and shipping address and product selection.
This information will be retained in accordance with our obligations under the Irish Data Protection Act 1988. West End Knitwear Limited may use your personal data for the following purposes: to fulfil your order; if there are any queries on your order or if there is a problem with fulfilling your order; to advise you of any promotional offers that may be of interest to you; to facilitate ease of use of arancrafts.com web site by you so that you do not have to input all your details again should you re-visit the arancrafts.com web site; West End Knitwear Limited does not sell, trade or rent your personal information to others. West End Knitwear Limited may provide aggregate statistics about our customers, sales, traffic patterns and related site information to reputable third-party vendors, but these statistics will include no personally identifying information.
We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include fulfilling orders, delivering packages, sending postal mail and e-mails, removing repetitive information from customer lists, analysing data, providing marketing assistance, processing credit card payments and providing customer services. Such companies and individuals will have access to personal information needed to perform these functions, but may not use it for any other purposes and are required to process the data in accordance with the Irish Data Protection Act 1988.
Your information will be held by West End Knitwear Limited (or its successors, assigns or purchasers). If you do not wish to receive information from West End Knitwear Limited about our promotional offers from time to time please email weknit@iol.ie
By using the arancrafts.com web site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by West End Knitwear Limited. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we disclose it.
MISCELLANEOUS
West End Knitwear Limited shall not be liable for any non-performance or delay in performance caused by any act beyond its reasonable control, including but not limited to acts or omissions of third parties, unavailability of supplies, equipment failure, war, strikes, lock-outs, fire, flood, or any other Act of God, any law, regulation, ordinance, or other act or order of any court, government, or governmental agency, or delays, unavailability, errors, or other failures of the Internet or other data networks.
GENERAL
Any disputes, claims or proceedings arising out of or in any way relating to the arancrafts.com web site shall be governed by the laws of Ireland. The Irish Courts shall have exclusive jurisdiction for the purpose of any proceedings arising out of or in any way relating to the arancrafts.com web site. Without prejudice to the foregoing, West End Knitwear Limited may seek provisional or protective relief in the courts of another State prior to, during or after any substantive proceedings have been instituted in Ireland and West End Knitwear Limited may bring enforcement proceedings in another state on foot of an Irish judgement.
If any provision of this Agreement is found to be invalid by any court having competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of this Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect.
No waiver of any term of this Agreement shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or any other term.
CLAIMS
Claims must be made within 21 days of ordering. Claims not brought within 21 days of ordering are excluded and no liability shall be accepted under any circumstances in respect of such claim.
TERMINATION
These Terms are effective until terminated by West End Knitwear Limited. West End Knitwear Limited may terminate these Terms without notice and at any time. In the event of termination, you are no longer authorized to access the arancrafts.com web site, and the restrictions imposed on you with respect to the Content, and the disclaimers, indemnities, and limitations of liabilities set forth in these Terms shall survive termination
West End Knitwear Limited shall also have the right without notice and at any time to terminate the arancrafts.com web site or any portion thereof, or any products or services offered through the arancrafts.com web site, or to terminate any individual’s right to access or use the arancraftst.com web site or any portion thereof.
Irish Knitwear
Merino wool or pure new wool
Easy 30 days returns
30 days money back guarantee
100% Secure Checkout
PayPal / MasterCard / Visa
Contact Us Address: Monasterevan, Co. Kildare, Ireland.
Tel (USA / Canada):
011353 45 525319
Tel (Rest of World):
+353 45 525319
Email: sales@arancrafts.com
Customer Service:
Monday - Thursday 9am-5pm (GMT)
Friday 9am - 4pm (GMT)
CategoriesAll Products
Ladies
Gents
Childrens
Accessories
InformationAbout us
Size Guide
Returns Policy
Terms and Conditions
Delivery
Blog
FAQs
Privacy
Cookie Policy
Follow Us
© 2020 Aran Crafts. All Rights Reserved | Web Development by Aura Internet