https://arcadianhome.com/p/terms.aspx
x
Special
Style Scene Home Lighting
Home Decor
Accent Furniture Brands
Track
Order|
My Account
Signup / Login
My Projects
Refer Friends
Profile
Change Password
Logout
|View Cart
Arcadian Home | Home Decor and Accessories, Wall Art / Wall
Decor, Table Decor, Accent Furniture, Light Fixtures, Lamps
E-Coupon| ABOUT
US
FAQ
Email Us
Contact Us
Store Policies
Insider Sales - Up to 70% Off
Clearance
Newest Clearance
Sales
Newest Sale
Latest Additions
Style Scene
Tastemaker Collections
Home Lighting
New Arrivals
Lamps
Table Lamps
Floor Lamps
Kids' Table Lamps
Torchiere Lamps
Buffet Lamps
Desk Lamps
Lighting Fixtures
Bathroom Lighting
Ceiling Lights
Chandeliers
Commercial Lighting
Indoor Sign Lighting
Monorail Lighting
Pendant Lighting
Recessed Lighting
Track Lighting
Under Cabinet Lighting
Wall Sconces
Outdoor Lighting
Outdoor Wall Light
Fixtures
Outdoor Post Lanterns
Outdoor Lamp Posts
Outdoor Hanging Lights
Outdoor Sign Lighting
Ceiling
Fans
Transitional Ceiling Fans
Traditional Ceiling Fans
Contemporary Ceiling Fans
Tropical Ceiling Fans
Flushmount Ceiling Fans
Outdoor Ceiling Fans
Portable Fans
Ceiling Fan Light Kits
Ceiling Fan Accessories
Landscape Lighting
Outdoor Spotlights
Outdoor Recessed Lighting
Outdoor Step Lights
Bollard Lights
Path Lights
Outdoor Flood Lights
BBQ Lights / Barbecue Lights
All Home Lighting
Home Decor Accessories
New Arrivals
Clocks
Desk Clocks
Wall Clocks
Home Accents
Baskets
Candlesticks / Candle Holders
Ceiling Medallions
Fireplace Accessories
Folding Screens / Floor Screens
Fountains
Jars / Pots
Ornaments
Pillows
Sculptures
Soap Dishes / Soap Dispensers
Statues
Throws
Trays
Urns
Vases
Kitchen Accessories
Barware
Kitchen Canisters
/ Canister Sets
Kitchen Furniture
Pot Racks
Mirrors
Oval Mirrors
Rectangular Mirrors
Round Mirrors
Square Mirrors
Outdoor Accessories
Doorbells / Chimes
Fountains
Garden Decor
Planters
Number Tiles
Storage
Coat Racks
Kitchen Furniture
Magazine Racks
Shelves
Tabletop
Accessories
Bookends
Bowls
Decorative Boxes
Candlesticks / Candle Holders
Charger Plates
Jars / Pots
Trays
Vases
Wall Decor
Abstract Wall Art
Canvas Wall Art
Contemporary Wall Art
Framed Wall Art
Picture Frames
Tapestries
Wall Clocks
Wall Decor Accessories
Mirrors
Bathroom Hardware
Robe Hooks / Coat Hooks
Towel Bars / Towel Rings
Door Hardware
Clavos
Door Bells/Chimes
Door Hinges
Door Knockers
Door Latches
Door Pulls
Door Straps
Speakeasy Grills
Other
Portable Fans
Tiffany Windows
All Home Decor Accessories
Rugs
New Arrivals
Abstract Rugs
Animal Print Rugs
Floral Rugs
Kids' Rugs
Modern/Contemporary Rugs
Outdoor Rugs
Shag Rugs
Solid Rugs
Southwestern Rugs
Striped Rugs
Traditional Rugs
Transitional Rugs
All Rugs
Accent Furniture
New Arrivals
Accent Seating
Armchairs
Benches
Bar Stools
Chaises
Dining Chairs
Office Chairs
Poufs
Sofas
Stools
Accent Tables
Coffee Tables
Console Tables
Dining Tables
End Tables
Side Tables
Beds
Headboards
Ottomans
Storage Ottomans
Outdoor Furniture
Outdoor Chairs
Outdoor Tables
Pedestals
Storage Furniture
Bookshelves
Cabinets
Carts
Chests/Dressers
Chests/Trunks
Etageres
Sideboards
All Accent Furniture
Brands
Other
Clearance
Most Popular
New Arrivals
C
Capital Lighting
Craftmade
Cyan Design
E
ET2
F
Fredrick Ramond Lighting
H
Hinkley Lighting
Hudson Valley Lighting
K
Kichler Lighting
M
Maxim Lighting
Q
Quorum International
S
Savoy House Lighting
U
Uttermost
V
Vaxcel Lighting
W
Wind River
Email Us•Recently Viewed Items•Previous Search Result• Interior Design Ideas•Trade
Professional?
My Projects
Current Project
All Projects
Top
View Privacy Policy
Arcadian Home Terms & Conditions (Effective 3/12/2013)
1.0 Introduction
Welcome to Arcadian Home (“Arcadian Home”, “ArcadianHome.com,” “we,” or “us”). Please
read these Terms of Service (“Terms”) carefully. By using this website, you agree
to be bound by these Terms, which contain provisions applicable to all users of
our Service, including visitors to the Arcadian Home website (the “Site”). We reserve
the right to amend this Agreement at any time without notice. Your use of the Site
following any such change constitutes your agreement to follow and be bound by the
Terms of Use as changed.
1.1. General
These Terms constitute the entire agreement between Arcadian Home and you with respect
to your use of the Service. Arcadian Home’s failure to enforce any right or provision
in these Terms shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. If a court
should find that one or more provisions contained in these Terms is invalid, you
agree that the remainder of the Terms shall be enforceable. Arcadian Home shall
have the right to assign its rights and/or delegate its obligations under these
Terms, in whole or in part, to any person or business entity. You may not assign
your rights or delegate your obligations under these Terms without the prior written
consent of Arcadian Home. These Terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance
with the laws of the State of California. Any disputes arising under or in connection
with these Terms shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and
federal courts of the State of California.
2.1 Availability, Suspension & Termination of Access and Membership
This Service is provided by Arcadian Home on an “AS IS” and “AS AVAILABLE” basis
and Arcadian Home reserves the right to modify, suspend or discontinue the Service,
refuse to fulfill any order, or any part of any order, terminate your membership
and/or delete any Content stored on the Arcadian Home Site, in Arcadian Home’s sole
discretion, if you fail to comply with the Terms or applicable law, at any time
and without notice. You agree that Arcadian Home is and will not be liable to you
for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the Service.
3.0 Membership Eligibility
The Site is available to individuals who are 18 years and older, or who are lawfully
permitted to enter into and form contracts under applicable law, who have properly
registered and who have not been suspended or removed by Arcadian Home for any reason
(a "Member"). In no event may minors submit Content to the Service. You agree that
the information that you provide to us upon registration, at the time of purchase,
and at all other times will be true, accurate, current and complete. You also agree
that you will ensure that this information is kept accurate and up to date at all
times. This is especially important with respect to your email address, since that
is the primary way in which we will communicate with you about your account and
your orders. By becoming a Member you represent that you are at least 18 years of
age. Membership is available to users who have completed the information required
by the Site's registration form. Membership is void where prohibited by law.
Arcadian Home reserves the right to revoke or prohibit your membership for any reason
at any time, without notice, but, in particular, upon any violation of any of the
Terms of Use.
3.1 Password
When you register as a Member you will be asked to provide a password. You are responsible
for safeguarding the password and you agree not to disclose your password to any
third party. You agree that you shall be solely responsible for any activities or
actions under your password, whether or not you have authorized such activities
or actions. You shall immediately notify Arcadian Home of any unauthorized use of
your password. You may reset your password at any time by clicking on the “My Account”
link on the top right hand corner of the site and selecting the “Change your password”
link on the sign-in page.
4.0 Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us. Arcadian Home will never rent or sell your
e-mail to third parties. Our site uses forms for you to request information, products
and services. We collect your contact information, including, but not limited to,
addresses, email addresses, phone numbers, and payment information. Collected information
is used for the benefit of Arcadian Home to send information to customers about
orders, to fulfill orders, to process and collect payments, to send promotional
marketing material about our company and partners, and to contact customers about
orders when necessary. Demographic and profile data is also collected at our sites.
We use this data to tailor your experiences at our sites, to show you content that
we think you might be interested in, and to display the content according to your
preferences.
5.0 Return & Replacement Policy
5.1 Return Policy:
For non-defective goods:
An order can be returned if it does NOT have any "No Returns" conditions (specified
below), and customer notifies Arcadian Home within 30 days of receipt of the merchandise.
Customer must notify Arcadian Home to request for a Return Goods Authorization (RGA
#). Please allow up to one week for the RGA# to be issued.
After the RGA# is issued, customer has another 14 DAYS to ship out the merchandise.
Amount of refund will be the original price (not including any discount or coupon
offers) less 10% restocking fee. Shipping and handling fee is non-refundable. This
fee helps pay for the shipping cost that Arcadian Home incurred in shipping the
goods to the customer, as well as the restocking fee that our suppliers charge Arcadian
Home for the return.
If any coupon / discount was applied towards the order, returning partial order(s)
will void the coupon / discount applied, should it cause the order total to fall
below the coupon / discount requirement. The restocking fee will be calculated based
on the original price of the returned item(s).
If customer received Free Shipping, should customer return partial order causing
the order total to fall below the $99 free shipping requirement, a $15 shipping
and handling fee will be assessed when determining the amount of refund.
All items must be in its original box, and is in resalable condition. Customer is
responsible for shipping the items back to Arcadian Home.
Item exchanges are treated as a return and placement of a new order; the exchanged
item(s) will be subjected to the 10% restocking fee.
If the customer misses shipping carrier's multiple delivery attempts or decides
to refuse package delivery (after changing his mind), amount of refund will be the
original price (not including any discount or coupon offers) less 10% restocking
fee.
No returns will be accepted for the following conditions:
Returning items without a RGA number
Item has been used, hung, or modified
Manufacturer-customized items
Clearance items
Truck-load size items
Volume order totaling more than $2000
Bulb-only / replacement parts orders
Failing to return merchandise within 14 days after RGA# is assigned
We would like to emphasize that Arcadian Home does not make money on customer returns.
Our suppliers charge us restocking fee for returns and there are shipping charges
that Arcadian Home incurs. The 10% restocking fee covers only part of the cost that
we incur.
To return an item, please follow our Return Procedure.
All credit will be placed on the credit card used for the original purchase. Allow 1 - 2 billing cycles for the credit to appear on your (online) statement.
5.2 Replacement Policy
If customer receives a defective product, Arcadian Home will replace the same item
and ship via same shipping method (as original order) at no cost to the customer.
Customers are required to notify Arcadian Home of any defect within 30 days of receipt
to be eligible for the free replacement.
Due to the delicate nature of some of our products and the inevitable bumps encountered
in transit, a product may occasionally arrive with some damage. If you receive a
damaged product, please email us. To assist us, please include all available reference
information about this order. Images of the damaged product are extremely helpful
to expedite the process.
**Please note that call tags (pre-paid shipping labels) will be issued to return
the defective product. It is the customer's responsibility to return the defective
item within 14 days after the call tag has been issued. Failing to return the defective
item will result in a charge for both defective and replacement items to your account.
6.0 User Experience
6.1 Tax Information
Items shipped to California will be charged a 8% sales tax, as required by law.
We do NOT charge sales tax for items shipped to outside of California.
6.2 Order Cancellations
Unshipped items can be cancelled free of charge as long as the item was neither
manufactured nor customized specifically for the customer. Please contact us immediately
if you would like to cancel your order by submitting a ticket at http://service.arcadianlighting.com
If your package has already been shipped, you will be responsible for returning
the UN-OPENED package, even if the package is shipped prior to the "Expected Ship
Date" on your order status. Credit will be issued upon receipt of product. The credit
amount will be the full amount charged LESS 10% to help cover part of the cost that
Arcadian Home, Inc. incurs. We’d like to emphasize that our suppliers charge us
restocking fee for returns and there are shipping charges that Arcadian Home, Inc.
incurs. We absolutely do not make money off of customer returns.
6.3 Price Guarantee
**Arcadian Home offers a 120% price guarantee policy: If you find an item at a lower
price elsewhere online (after shipping & handling charges, and discounts if applicable)
and with the same or shorter lead time, before your purchase, bring it to our attention
with your price quotation and seller's information. We will match 120% of the price
difference on the same exact item from any online retail store, upon verification.
Offer is only applicable to seller's in-stock items and excludes large oversize
/ truck-load size items, items that are selling at below Arcadian Home's cost, and
orders less than $99.
6.4 Secure Ordering
Arcadian Home utilizes SSL (Secure Socket Layer) Technology. Secure socket layers
encrypt credit card information so it can't be read by anyone but Arcadian Home.
When you place an order, your order information (including your name, address, credit
card number) is encrypted using a market-proven secure server for maximum security.
Your credit card and billing information cannot be read by any third party as it
travels to our order system. The order system we employ processes millions of transactions
each month. Ordering from us is safe!
6.5 Product Availability
Please note that listed availability might not be applicable for multiple copies
of an item and items recently discontinued by our suppliers. In addition, sudden
demand for an item can have an effect on its availability. We will inform you by
phone or e-mail if any of your purchased item(s) prove to be in backorder or unavailable.
No transaction will be charged until your order is shipping.
6.6 Product Display / Colors
Arcadian Home makes sincere efforts to display product images given by our suppliers
as clear and as accurately as possible. However, we cannot guarantee that the color
shades or color patterns you see on your computer exactly matches the product color
you see in person, as the display of the color depends, in part, upon the monitor
and the computer setting you are using. In addition, many of our art glasses are
individually hand crafted, so some vary in its pattern should be expected.
6.7 Prices & Typographical Errors
Prices and policies are subject to change without notice. In the event a product
is listed at an incorrect price, with incorrect information due to typographical
error or error in pricing, coupon or gift certificate errors or misuse and abuse
or incorrect product information received from our suppliers, we shall have the
right to refuse or cancel any orders placed under these conditions and correct any
disparities whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card has
been charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and
your order is canceled, we shall immediately issue a FULL credit to your credit
card account. We reserve the right to refuse any order.
6.8 Payment Method
Payment information must be submitted in order to process your order. Please note
that your credit card will not be charged until your order is shipping. All purchases
must be paid in US dollars. Arcadian Home currently accepts VISA, MasterCard, American
Express and Money Orders as valid methods of payment for all purchases. For a better
peace of mind, please also refer to the privacy & security policy and fraud protection
program offered by your credit card issuing company.
7.0 Acceptable Use
With respect to using the website, you agree not to:
a) provide any information to Arcadian Home that is false or misleading, that
attempts to hide your identity or that you do not have the right to disclose;
b) to upload, post, or otherwise transmit any material that infringes any copyright,
trademark, patent or other intellectual property right or any moral right or artist’s
right of any third party including, but not limited to, Arcadian Home or to facilitate
the unlawful distribution of copyrighted content or illegal content;
c) upload, post, e-mail or otherwise transmit any content that is unlawful, harmful,
threatening, abusive, harassing, tortious, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, offensive,
blasphemous, pornographic,illegal, libelous, invasive of another's privacy, hateful,
or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable;
d) to harm minors in any way, including, but not limited to, uploading, posting,
or otherwise transmitting content that violates child pornography laws, child sexual
exploitation laws or laws prohibiting the depiction of minors engaged in sexual
conduct, or submitting any personally identifiable information about any child under
the age of 13;
e) impersonate any person or entity, including but not limited to, a representative
of Arcadian Home, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with
a person or entity;
g) upload, post, or otherwise transmit any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising,
promotional materials, "junk mail", "spam", "chain letters", "pyramid schemes" or
any other form of solicitation;
h) upload, post, or otherwise transmit any material which is likely to cause harm
to Arcadian Home or anyone else’s computer systems, including but not limited to
that which contains any virus, code, worm, data or other files or programs designed
to damage or allow unauthorized access to the Service which may cause any defect,
error, malfunction or corruption to the Service;
i) use this site to invade the privacy or violate any personal or proprietary right,
including intellectual property rights, of any person or entity;
j) use this site to tamper with or obtain access to this Site or any component of
this Site;
k) use this site to conduct fraudulent activities; l) use this site to abuse the
“Refer a Friend" benefit in any way, including, but not limited to, inviting yourself
multiple times under different aliases and/or different email addresses;
m) use this site to abuse special discounts, awards or incentives offered by Arcadian
Home. Unless otherwise specified, only one offer is valid per person, maximum two
per household;
n) have more than one active account. You have complete responsibility for your
account and everything that happens on your account. This means you need to be careful
with your password. If you find out that someone is using your account without your
permission, you must let us know immediately. You may not transfer your account
to someone else. We are not liable for any damages or losses caused by someone using
your account without your permission. However, if we (or anyone else) suffer any
damage due to the unauthorized use of your account, you may be liable;
o) copy, frameset, enclose or otherwise distribute any part of the Site;
p) sell access to the Service on any other website or to use the Service on another
website for the primary purpose of gaining advertising or subscription revenue other
than a personal blog or social network where the primary purpose is to display content
from Arcadian Home by hyperlink and you agree not to compete with Arcadian Home.;
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Arcadian Home, its officers, directors,
employees and partners, from and against any claims, liabilities, damages, losses,
and expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable legal and expert fees, arising
out of or in any way connected with your access to or use of the Services, or your
violation of these Terms.
7.2 You will not use the Site or any of the information contained on the Site in
any way that is unlawful or harms Arcadian Home or any user of Arcadian Home. You
may not use any device, software or instrumentality to interfere with the proper
working of the Site or disobey any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations
of networks connected to the Site. You shall not violate or attempt to violate the
security of the Site. Violations of system or network security may result in civil
or criminal liability.
7.3 Arcadian Home does not endorse any content placed on the website by third parties
or any opinions, recommendation, or advice contained in such content. Arcadian Home
expressly disclaims any and all liability in connection with User Content. Arcadian
Home reserves the right, at its sole discretion, but is not obligated, to monitor
any and all User Content, messages, postings, or other content sent to the Site,
and reserves the right to remove, modify, delete or to refuse to post any User Content
or anything else that Arcadian Home in its sole discretion views to be in violation
of these Posting Rules, the law, or is otherwise inappropriate. Arcadian Home may
also terminate a user's access or account for uploading material in violation of
these posting rules or the terms at any time, without prior notice and at its sole
discretion. In addition, you agree that you will not email any of your User Content
or links to your User Content to individuals with whom you are not acquainted.
8.0 Copyright & Trademarks
Arcadian Home respects the intellectual property rights of others and expects users
to do the same. At our discretion and in appropriate circumstances, Arcadian Home
may remove your content submitted to the site, terminate the accounts of users or
prevent access to the Site by users who infringe the intellectual property rights
of others. All brand, product and service names used in this Service which identify
Arcadian Home or third parties and their products and services are proprietary marks
of Arcadian Home and/or the relevant third parties. Nothing in this Service shall
be deemed to confer on any person any license or right on the part of Arcadian Home
or any third party with respect to any such image, logo or name. Arcadian Home is,
unless otherwise stated, the owner of all copyright and data rights in the Service
and its contents. You may not reproduce, distribute, publicly display or perform,
or prepare derivative works based on any of the Content including any such works
without the express, written consent of Arcadian Home or the appropriate owner of
copyright in such works. Arcadian Home does not claim ownership rights in your works
or other materials posted by you to Arcadian Home (Your Content). You agree not
to distribute any part of the Service other than Your Content in any medium other
than as permitted in these Terms of Service or by use of functions on the Service
provided by us. You agree not to alter or modify any part of the Service unless
expressly permitted to do so by us or by use of functions on the Service provided
by us.
8.1 Reporting Copyright Violations
Arcadian Home respects the intellectual property rights of others and expects users
of the Service to do the same. At Arcadian Home discretion and in appropriate circumstances,
Arcadian Home may remove Your Content submitted to the Site, terminate the accounts
of users or prevent access to the Site by users who infringe the intellectual property
rights of others. If you believe the copyright in your work or in the work for which
you act as an agent has been infringed through this Service, please contact an Arcadian
Home agent for notice of claims of copyright infringement and submit all other grievances
to our Compliance Department via service@arcadianhome.com You must provide our agent
substantially with the following information, which Arcadian Home may then forward
to the alleged infringer (see 17 U.S.C. 512 (c)(3) for further details):
a) A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of
the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
b) Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if
multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification,
a representative list of such works at that site.
c) Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the
subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to
be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider
to locate the material.
d) Information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to contact the
complaining party, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic
mailing address at which the complaining party may be contacted.
e) A statement that the complaining party has good faith to belief that use of the
material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner.
f) A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty
of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner
of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
9.0 User-Generated Content
The Site permits the submission of content such as logos, photos, comments, questions,
and product reviews ("User Content") by you and other users and the hosting, sharing
and/or publishing of such User Content. You agree and acknowledge that without regard
to whether such content is published, Arcadian Home does not guarantee any confidentiality
with respect to any such submissions. You shall be solely responsible for your own
User Content you upload, download, and otherwise copy, distribute and display using
the Service. Content provided to you by others, or made available through websites,
magazines, books and other sources, are protected by copyright and should not be
uploaded, downloaded, or otherwise copied, distributed or displayed without the
consent of the copyright owner or as otherwise permitted by law. You represent and
warrant that:
a) your User Content does not violate any copyright, trademark, trade secret, patent
or other intellectual property right, or any right of privacy or publicity of any
third party, or any applicable law, rule or regulation, or any of the Posting Rules;
b) you own or have the necessary licenses, rights, consents, and permissions to
use and authorize Arcadian Home to post, publish, reproduce, display and otherwise
exercise all rights in your User Content, including, but not limited to, the written
consent, release, and/or permission of each and every identifiable individual person
featured or referenced in the User Content to use their name, voice, likeness or
any other applicable personal rights of any kind.
c) you have read and agreed to section 7.0 Acceptable Use
9.1 Limit of Liability on Content
Arcadian Home takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any User Content
posted or otherwise submitted to us. Any material, information or idea you submit
or post on the Site will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary. Arcadian
Home may publish or otherwise use your name and User Content for any purpose whatsoever
without your consent.
9.2 You remain owner of content
As between
you and Arcadian Home, you shall retain all of your ownership rights in and to your
User Content. However, by submitting User Content to Arcadian Home, you hereby grant
Arcadian Home a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, irrevocable, royalty-free,
sublicensable (through multiple tiers) and transferable license to use, reproduce,
distribute, edit, modify, translate, reformat, prepare derivative works based upon,
display publicly, perform publicly and otherwise exploit (including but not limited
to over the Internet, broadcast television or any other uses or media) your User
Content, in whole or in part, including future rights that Arcadian Home (or its
successor) may otherwise become entitled to that do not yet exist, as well as new
uses, media, means and forms of exploitation throughout the universe exploiting
current or future technology yet to be developed to the maximum extent permitted
by applicable law. Arcadian Home will have the right to refuse, remove or delete
any User Content that it reasonably considers to violate these Terms of Use or to
otherwise be illegal or objectionable.
9.3 Right to use content
Furthermore, you are guaranteeing that you have the right to allow us to make your
User Content available for others to view and use as part of the Site without requiring
that any such use be subject to additional obligations or terms. If you do not have
these rights, do not post the User Content.
9.4 Storage Policy
At this time, Arcadian Home provides online storage of Your Content
to registered Members of the Service. However, you acknowledge and agree that Arcadian
Home may, at its option, establish limits concerning your use of the Service, including
without limitation the maximum number of days that Your Content will be retained
by the Service, the maximum size of any Content files that may be stored on the
Service, the maximum disk space that will be allotted to you for the storage of
Content on Arcadian Home servers. Furthermore, you acknowledge that Arcadian Home
reserves the right to terminate or suspend accounts that are inactive, in Arcadian
Home sole discretion, for an extended period of time (thus deleting or suspending
access to your Content). Without limiting the generality of Section 9, Arcadian
Home shall have no responsibility or liability for the deletion or failure to store
any Content maintained on the Service and you are solely responsible for creating
back-ups of Your Content. You further acknowledge that Arcadian Home reserves the
right to modify its storage policies from time to time, with or without notice to
you.
9.5 By posting your User Content, you do not lose any ownership rights you may have
to it:
However, you do grant us a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, fully-paid,
sub-licenseable and transferable license to use, reproduce, distribute, prepare
derivative works of, display, and perform your User Content in connection with the
Site and our business, in any media formats or in tangible form and through any
media channels now known or hereinafter developed. You also grant each user of the
Site a non-exclusive royalty-free, fully-paid, sub-licenseable and transferable
license to access your User Content through the Site.
9.6 Your User Content Becomes Public:
You understand that once you post User Content,
your content becomes public. We are not responsible for keeping any User Content
confidential. So, if you don't want the whole world to see it, don't post it on
the Site. In addition, we may be required to disclose your User Content to third
parties if we have a good faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure
of such User Content is reasonably necessary to
(a) satisfy any applicable law,
regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request,
(b) enforce these
Terms of Use, including investigation of potential violations thereof,
(c) detect,
prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, or
(d) protect
against imminent harm to the rights, property or safety of Arcadian Home, its users
or the public as required or permitted by law.
9.7 We Are Not Responsible for User Content:
We may not review any of the User Content
posted by our Members. We do not endorse any User Content or support any views,
opinions, recommendations, or advice that may be in User Content. User Content comes
from a variety of sources, and we make no promises about the reliability of any
source or the accuracy, usefulness, safety, or intellectual property rights of any
User Content. You may be offended by User Content that you see on the Site. You
may find some of it to be inaccurate, offensive, indecent, or objectionable. However,
you agree not to hold us responsible in any way for your use of our Site, including
your exposure to User Content.
10.0 External Links
Arcadian Home may provide links to third-party websites or resources. You acknowledge
and agree that Arcadian Home is not responsible or liable for: the availability
or accuracy of such websites or resources; or the Content, products, or services
on or available from such websites or resources. Links to such websites or resources
do not imply any endorsement by Arcadian Home of such websites or resources or the
Content, products, or services available from such websites or resources. You acknowledge
sole responsibility for and assume all risk arising from your use of any such websites
or resources.
11.0 Order Acceptance
The receipt of an order number or an email order confirmation does not constitute
the acceptance of an order or a confirmation of an offer to sell. Arcadian Home
reserves the right, without prior notification, to limit the order quantity on any
item and/or to refuse service to any customer. Verification of information may be
required prior to the acceptance of any order. Prices and availability of products
on the Site are subject to change without notice. Errors will be corrected when
discovered, and Arcadian Home reserves the right to revoke any stated offer and
to correct any errors, inaccuracies, or omissions (including after an order has
been submitted). Certain orders constitute improper use of the Site and the Arcadian
Home Credit Program described below. Arcadian Home reserves the right, at its sole
discretion, to refuse or cancel any order for any reason. Your account, including
the Arcadian Home Credit Program, may also be restricted or terminated for any reason,
at Arcadian Home's sole discretion.
12.0 Communications
With respect to all communications made to Arcadian Home, including but not limited
to feedback, questions, comments, suggestions and the like:
a) you shall have no
right to confidentiality in your communications and Arcadian Home shall have no
obligation to protect your communications from disclosure;
b) Arcadian Home shall
be free to reproduce, use, disclose and distribute your communications to others
without limitation; and
c) Arcadian Home shall be free to use any ideas, concepts,
know-how, content or techniques contained in your communications for any purpose
whatsoever, including, but not limited to, the development, production and marketing
of products and services that incorporate such information.
13.0 Arcadian Home Credit Program
This program is exclusively for users of the Arcadian Home websites who have registered
for the program in accordance with the directions set forth below. When you make
a qualifying referral of a friend to Arcadian Home, after they join the site and
complete their first purchase, you will have the opportunity to earn Arcadian Home
"Credit" (the "Credit" or "Credit Dollars") equal to $10, which Credit may only be applied to future purchases at the
same store where you earned your credit in accordance with these Terms of Use.
13.1 Enrollment and Eligibility.
Members are enrolled in the Arcadian Home Credit program (the "Credit Program"),
once they begin inviting their friends to the website. There are no fees or charges
to enroll in the Credit Program. Only individuals are eligible to enroll, each Member
may have only one account and use only one email address. Accounts may not be combined.
Membership is limited to legal residents of the fifty (50) United States and Canada
who are 18 years of age or older, or the age of majority in their state, province
or territory of residence, whichever is older, at the time they register for the
Credit Program. Employees of Arcadian Home are not eligible to participate in the
Credit Program. Persons who are eligible for and have properly registered for the
Credit Program shall be referred to hereinafter as "Member(s)." Credit Dollars may
only be applied for up to 50% of any given order. Credit Dollars can not be applied
to the restocking fee or return shipping expenses.
13.2 Redemption of Credit Dollars.
Credit Dollars can be only redeemed and applied as a credit against the purchase
price of a Transaction. Credit Dollars are redeemed by simply checking out within
the limited time period (if applicable) and your credit dollars will automatically
be applied to the next order. Credit Dollars are not redeemable for cash or cash
equivalent and may not be applied toward payment of any outstanding Arcadian Home
account balances or previous purchases. Except in the case of valid returns as specified
below, no credits or refunds will be issued for any reason after Credit Dollars
have been redeemed, including for unused Credit Dollars.
13.3 Returns.
If you return an item that was purchased in whole or in part using Credit Dollars,
such return will be processed in accordance with Arcadian Home’s return and exchange
policy and if the return is accepted by Arcadian Home, the Credit Dollars applicable
to the returned item will be credited back to your account. If an order was paid by Credit Dollars, and the return is accepted by Arcadian Home, then the credit (less restocking fee and return freight) will be issued in the form of store credit.
If an order was partially paid by Credit Dollars (remaining amount paid by credit card, check, or wire transfer), and return is accepted by Arcadian Home, then the first part of credit (up to the amount paid by credit card, check, wire transfer, or cash) will be issued back to the credit card / check.
The 2nd half of the credit will be store credit.
13.4 Non-Transferability and Non-Aggregation of Credit Dollars.
Credit Dollars and any other right, obligation or benefit of the Credit Program
may not be transferred, assigned, sold, traded or bartered by any Member or any
other person, without Arcadian Home’s prior written consent, which Arcadian Home
may withhold in its sole discretion, and any attempt to do any of the foregoing
shall be null and void. In addition, Credit Dollars are for the Member's personal
use only. Members may not aggregate Credit Dollars from multiple accounts or use
Credit Dollars for the purpose of purchasing products from the Participating Sites
("Participating Sites") on behalf of others or for the purpose of reselling such
products to others.
13.5 Credit Summary.
You can check your Credit Dollars balance at any time by logging onto your account
online at https://arcadianhome.com/home/user/login.aspx. A valid email address and
password is required to check Credit Dollars online. Credit Dollars may take up
to three (3) days after the Transaction has closed to be updated to your account.
Arcadian Home shall have no liability for any failure, delay or error in crediting
Credit Dollars to your account. You are responsible for any and all activity on
your account, including the redemption of Credit Dollars, whether or not authorized
by you.
13.6 Inactivity/Cancellation
In the event a Member does not make a Transaction using or generating Credit Dollars
for a full calendar year, Arcadian Home reserves the right to cancel the Member's
participation in the Credit Program and zero out any and all credit Dollars earned.
In addition, you may cancel your participation in the credit Program by calling
the following toll-free number 1-888-228-8856 and/or sending an email to service@Arcadian
Home.com, in which case Arcadian Home reserves the right to revoke any and all credit
Dollars earned. You may re-enroll in the credit Program, however, previously earned
credit Dollars that were revoked will not be credited and you will start with a
balance of zero credit Dollars.
13.7 Other Conditions of Participation
Participation in and benefits to the Credit Program are offered at the sole discretion
of Arcadian Home and Arcadian Home reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to
limit, suspend, cancel, discontinue, terminate, change, amend or modify the Credit
Program and its Terms of Use, in whole or in part, at any time and without notice
to Credit Program Members (including, but not limited to, our right to terminate
Credit Dollars, adjust the amount of Credit Dollars earned for each net dollar in
purchases made, modify reward levels or reward benefits, or change program benefits,
partners, conditions of participation, rules for earning, redeeming, or forfeiting
Credit Dollars, or other rules governing the use of Credit). By enrolling in the
Credit Program, you agree to be bound by the Terms of Use stated herein. You also
agree to review the Terms of Use periodically and shall be bound by any modifications.
If you do not accept the Terms of Use, or any subsequent modifications, your sole
and exclusive remedy is to terminate your membership in the Credit Program. The
Credit Program is void where prohibited by law.
You must provide and maintain the accuracy, currency, and completeness of the contact
and other personal information provided upon registration to maintain your eligibility
for the Credit Programs. Failure to do so will be grounds for Arcadian Home in its
sole discretion to suspend, terminate or refuse your current or future participation
in the Credit Program. Arcadian Home reserves the right to terminate or suspend
a Member's participation or use of accumulated Credit Dollars due to fraud or misuse.
Arcadian Home reserves the right to suspend, terminate or refuse the Member's current
or future participation in the program. The accumulation of Credit Dollars does
not entitle Members to any vested rights with respect to Credit Dollars, Credit,
or program benefits. In accumulating Credit Dollars, Members may not rely upon the
continued availability of any reward or reward level. Any tax liability or other
unspecified expenses related to the enrollment/use of the Credit Program or Credit
Dollars are solely the Member's responsibility.
13.8 Disclaimer of Warranty / Limitation on Liability.
Arcadian Home will not be responsible or liable for any injury, loss, claim, damage,
or any special, exemplary, punitive, indirect, incidental or consequential damages
of any kind (including without limitation lost profits or lost savings), whether
based in contract, tort, strict liability or otherwise, that arises out of or is
in any way connected with
a) the use or misuse of a product purchased from the Arcadian
Home website;
b) any use or misuse of the Credit Program or the merchandise or services
acquired with Credit Dollars;
c) any failure or delay by Arcadian Home and its affiliates,
or any of their employees in connection with the Credit Program (including without
limitation the use of or inability to use any component of this Credit program);
or
d) the performance or non-performance by Arcadian Home and its affiliates, or
any of their employees (including but not limited to any failure, delay or error
in crediting Credit Dollars to the Member account), even if Arcadian Home has been
advised of the possibility of damages. This disclaimer of liability applies to any
damages or injury caused by any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption,
deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, computer virus, communication
line failure, theft or destruction or unauthorized access to, alteration of, or
use of record, whether for breach of contract, tortious behavior, negligence, or
under any other cause of action. Any claim concerning Credit Dollars not accurately
credited to the Member must be received by Arcadian Home within thirty (30) days
of the Transaction or such claim shall be forever waived. Arcadian Home is not responsible
for lost or stolen Member Credit Dollars documents or Credit Dollars. The Arcadian
Home Credit Program is offered "as is" and "as available."
14.0 Indemnity
You agree to indemnify and hold Arcadian Home and its partners and licensors harmless
from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any third
party due to or arising out of your use of the Site, including any User Content
you submit, post to or transmit through the Site, your violation of these Terms
of Use, or your violation of any rights of another user.
15.0 1-Year Limited Manufacturer Warrantee
You can purchase with confidence and peace of mind because Arcadian Home warrants
all lighting fixtures free from defects in material and workmanship for a period
of one year from the date you received your item(s). In the event of a defect or
damaged item due to shipping, Arcadian Home reserves the right to replace either
the component(s) or whole fixture at no charge to customer. Light bulbs, if included,
are not covered under the Arcadian Home warranty. If the product has been altered
or used for purposes other than those for which it was designed, this warranty will
not be honored.
Please email us to report any warranty issue. In most cases, our customer service
will respond within 2 business days to provide you further directions and assign
you a Return Goods Authorization # (RGA#). New replacement item(s) will be sent
to you promptly. In the mean time, a UPS call sticker will be mailed to you to return
the defective / damaged item(s). You will be responsible to return the defective
/ damaged item(s) along with the RGA# to the original warehouse.
16.0 Disclaimer of Limitation of Liability
Arcadian Home intends for the information and data contained in the Site or provided
via other channels, including but not limited to phone and email, to be accurate
and reliable; however, since the information and data have been compiled from a
variety of sources, it is provided 'AS IS.' You expressly agree that your use of
the Site and any information contained therein is at your sole risk.
ARCADIAN HOME MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
AS TO THE OPERATION OF THE SERVICE. YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE
IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. ARCADIAN HOME MAKES NO WARRANTY AS TO THE SECURITY, RELIABILITY,
TIMELINESS, AND PERFORMANCE OF THIS SERVICE. YOU SPECIFICALLY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT ARCADIAN
HOME IS NOT LIABLE FOR YOUR DEFAMATORY, OFFENSIVE OR ILLEGAL CONDUCT, OR SUCH CONDUCT
BY THIRD PARTIES, AND YOU EXPRESSLY ASSUME ALL RISKS AND RESPONSIBILITY FOR DAMAGES
AND LOSSES ARISING FROM SUCH CONDUCT. EXCEPT FOR THE EXPRESS, LIMITED REMEDIES PROVIDED
HEREIN, AND TO THE FULLEST EXTENT ALLOWED BY LAW, ARCADIAN HOME SHALL NOT BE LIABLE
FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING FROM USE OF THE SERVICE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED
TO DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR PUNITIVE
DAMAGES, EVEN IF ARCADIAN HOME HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
THE FOREGOING DISCLAIMERS, WAIVERS AND LIMITATIONS SHALL APPLY NOTWITHSTANDING ANY
FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY LIMITED REMEDY. THEREFORE, SOME OF THE ABOVE
EXCLUSIONS OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IN NO EVENT SHALL ARCADIAN HOME
AGGREGATE LIABILITY TO YOU EXCEED THE AMOUNTS PAID BY YOU TO ARCADIAN HOME PURSUANT
TO THIS AGREEMENT.
17.0 Limited Time To Bring Your Claim
You and Arcadian Home agree that any cause of action arising out of or related to
the Site or any information contained therein must be commenced within one (1) year
after the cause of action arose or be permanently barred.
18.0 Termination
You agree that Arcadian Home, in its sole discretion, may terminate your use of
the Site and remove and discard your User Content if Arcadian Home believes that
you have violated or acted inconsistently with the letter and spirit of these Terms
of Use or for any other reason. Arcadian Home may also in its sole discretion and
at any time discontinue providing the Site, or any part thereof, with or without
notice. You agree that any termination of your access to the Site may be effected
without prior notice, and acknowledge and agree that Arcadian Home may bar any further
access to the Site. Further, you agree that Arcadian Home shall not be liable to
you or any third-party for any termination of access to the Site.
19.0 Additional Terms and Conditions:
Additional terms and conditions may apply to specific portions of the Site or your
membership which terms are made part of these Terms of Use by reference. You agree
to abide by such other terms and conditions. If there is a conflict between these
Terms of Use and the terms posted or emailed for, or applicable to, a specific portion
of the Site or your membership, the latter terms shall control with respect to your
use of that portion of the Site or your membership.
20.0 Vendors:
Without limitation, Arcadian Home is not liable for any infringement of copyrights,
trademarks, trade dress or other proprietary or intellectual property rights arising
out of content posted on or transmitted through the Site, or items advertised on
the Site, by our vendors, even if appearing on the Site or in emails from us. Nothing
on the Site shall be deemed to confer on any person any license or right on the
part of Arcadian Home or any supplier with respect to any such image, logo or name.
21.0 Amendment of the Terms
We reserve the right to amend these Terms from time to time in our sole discretion.
We will post the revised terms on the Site. If you continue to use the Service after
the effective date of the revised Terms, you will be deemed to have accepted those
changes. If you do not agree to the revised Terms, your sole remedy shall be to
discontinue using the Service.
22.0 Comments
If you have any comments or questions about the Service please contact us by email
at http://service.arcadianlighting.com.
23.0 About Advertisements
Our goal is to deliver ads that are not only valuable to advertisers, but also valuable to you. In order to do that, you agree to the following:
You can use your privacy settings to limit how your name and profile picture may
be associated with commercial or sponsored content served by us. You give us permission
to use your name and profile picture in connection with that content, subject to
the limits you place.
We do not give your content or information to advertisers without your consent.
You understand that we may not always identify paid services and communications
as such.
M - F: 8:00AM - 4:00PM PST
SIGN UP FOR ECOUPONS
Sign up to receive ecoupons and start saving today!
Shop By
Accent Furniture
Accessories
Brands
Eco-Friendly Products
Insider Sales
Lighting
Mirrors
Rugs
Wall Decor
Customer Service
About Us
Contact Us
FAQ
Site Map
Track
My Order
Policies
Privacy
Return Policy
Store Policies
Terms & Conditions
My Account
Sign In
Create
Account
My Projects
Member Programs
ProServices
Sign Up for Newsletter
Get Inspired
Style Scene
Tastemaker Collections
Socialize
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Google +
Shop By:
Accent
Furniture
Accessories
Brands
Eco-Friendly
Products
Insider Sales
Lighting
Mirrors
Rugs
Wall Decor
Customer Service:
About Us
Contact
Us
FAQ
Site Map
Track My Order
Policies:
Privacy
Return
Policy
Store Policies
Terms & Conditions
My Account:
Sign
In
Create Account
My Projects
Member Programs:
ProServices
Sign Up for Newsletter
Get Inspired:
Style Scene
Tastemaker Collections
Socialize:
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Google +
M - F: 8:30AM - 5:00PM PST
SIGN UP FOR ECOUPONS
Sign up to receive ecoupons and start saving today!
Copyright © 2003-2017 Arcadian Home. All rights reserved.
transparent
light