https://arnoldgrummer.com/privacy-policy.html
Skip to content
Shop
All Products
Best Holiday Gifts 2020
Papermaking Kits
Papermill Kits
Dip Into Papermaking Kits
Pour and Dip Handmolds
Class Kits and Supplies
Kits for Kids & Families
Kit Parts
Papermaking Supplies
Additives
Botanicals & Inclusions
Couch Sheets
Pulps
Sparkles, Metals & Micas
Project Templates
Presses
Paper & Book Presses
Book Making
Fan Decks
Sticky Note Books
Zig Zag Books
Post Books
Project Supplies
Paper Casting
Card Making
Project Templates
Sparkles, Metals & Micas
Instructional Books
Resources
Paper Making Videos
Make Cast Paper
Casting Mold Tips
Garden Paper
How to Make Paper
Teacher’s Corner
FAQ’s
Retail Stores
Arnold Grummer Blog
Events
Events
Paper On The River Application
Paper On The River Rules, Procedures and Fees
Paper On The River Schedule of Events
Paper On The River Paper Jam
Contests
About
Login
Dealer Sign Up
Shopping Cart
Checkout
OUR COMMITMENT TO YOUR PRIVACY
Arnold Grummer’s is extremely proud of it’s commitment to protecting your privacy on-line. We value your trust in us and work hard to earn your confidence so that you can enthusiastically use our products and recommend us to friends and family.
ARNOLD GRUMMER’S PRIVACY PROMISE
Arnold Grummer’s promises never to sell, rent, barter or share with any third party personally identifying information collected during your use of the Site, without your prior permission. From time to time we may reveal general statistical information about our Site and visitors, such as number of visitors, number and type of goods purchased, etc., but we will never reference you by name or specific address. Your trust and confidence are our highest priority.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We do collect and store the names, addresses, credit card numbers and other personally identifying information of customers of the Site who make purchases and request literature. This information is saved in a secure environment and is kept for our records to make it easier for you to use our services on return visits. To serve you faster and with better quality, we use “cookies” technology. Cookies are small bits of code, usually stored on a user’s computer hard drive, which enable a Web site to “personalize” itself for each user. We use cookies to reduce the time it takes for you to make your purchase. No third party has access to the information we collect this way.
HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Information we collect is used to build features that will improve the products and services available on the Site. This includes faster purchases, better customer support and timely notice of new products and special offers. Information collected by Arnold Grummer is stored in a single, secure database, accessible only by Arnold Grummer’s. We do not reveal your name, address, credit card number or other personally identifying information without your permission. From time to time, Arnold Grummer’s may contact you to request feedback on your experience using the Site, to assist us in improving the Site, or to offer special savings or promotions to you as a Site user.
SECURITY
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure correct use of information, we will employ reasonable and current Internet security methods and technologies. Arnold Grummer’s has created a secure environment for credit card transactions. Arnold Grummer’s uses Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology to encrypt all personal information including credit card number, name and address, to prevent your information from being read during transmission over the Internet. Any changes to our Privacy Policy will be communicated through our Site at least 10 days in advance of implementation. Information collected before changes are made will be secured according to the previous Privacy Policy.
A SPECIAL NOTE ABOUT CHILDREN
Persons under the age of 18 are not eligible to use any services on our Site.
MERGERS, ASSET SALES, ETC.
Please note that if Arnold Grummer’s or any of their lines of business are sold or disposed of as a going concern, whether by merger, sale of assets or otherwise, the relevant customer database of Arnold Grummer’s could be sold as part of that transaction and your personally identifying information accessed by such successor or purchaser.
Generic selectors
Exact matches only
Exact matches only
Search in title
Search in title
Search in content
Search in content
Search in excerpt
Search in posts
Search in posts
Search in pages
Search in pages
Hidden
Hidden