http://arpeegy.com/index.php/important-legal-stuff/
Skip to content
Important Legal Stuff
Copy Right  and Trademark Notice
All Arpeegy material presented on the Arpeegy web site, to include the Arpeegy name, Arpeegy characters, Arpeegy story, ARPG designation, ARPG system, original graphics, text, and etc. are the sole possession of Leonard K. Dunn and are all copyrighted and trademarked.  Any unauthorized use, duplication, or reprinting of this material without the owner’s prior written consent can led to civil and criminal prosecution.  In other words: Please ask permission first.  Thank You.
Disclaimer
The non-Arpeegy game companies and systems mentioned at this site are registered trademarks of their owners.
All non-Arpeegy products listed in this web site’s catalogs are copyrighted and trademarked.  Their use herein is solely for informational purposes, and the lack of copyright or trademark symbols is not intended as a challenge to any such status.  All non-Arpeegy product descriptions, logos, and cover images posted on this web site are taken directly from the manufacturers’ own description, product logos,  and cover design of their product(s) as described on the Amazon.com web site.
Privacy Statement
Purpose:  Arpeegy has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy.  We will only use your personal information for enhancing your experience while on our site. We believe in keeping your confidential information private and will not sell, rent, or trade your personal information to third parties.
Providing Visitors with Anonymous Access:   We do not automatically log personal data nor do we link information automatically logged by other means with personal data about specific individuals.
This site contains links and content from other web sites. Arpeegy is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content practices of such web sites.
Security:  This site has security measures in place to protect personal data that we have under our control from unauthorized access, improper use or disclosure, alteration, unlawful or accidental destruction and accidental loss.  Arpeegy and its data processors, who have access to, and are associated with the processing of personal data, are obliged to respect the confidentiality of our visitors’ personal data.  We ensure that your personal data will not be disclosed to state institutions and authorities except if required by law or other regulation.
Cookies:  We may use cookies in order to hold session information to enhance your browsing experience.  These cookies do not contain any personally identifying information nor do we associate the information stored in a visitor’s cookie with any other personal data about that visitor.
Data Collection and Purpose Specification:  We collect the personal data that you may volunteer while using our services.  We do not collect information about our visitors from other sources, such as public records or bodies, or private organizations.  We do not collect personal data for any purpose other than enhancing your web browsing experience.  If we wish to use your personal data for new purposes, we will contact you and request your permission first.
Contacting the Web Site:  If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this web site, you can contact the owner, Leonard K. Dunn, at arpeegy@arpeegy.com.
Arpeegy and ARPG are © and ™ 1996 – Present to Leonard K. Dunn.
All Rights Reserved.