http://artbrokerage.com/help/buying-art
Position available for Full Time Experienced Art Broker. Send Resume to Helen@artbrokerage.com
BUYING ART
SELLING ART
LISTING HINTS / PHOTO GUIDE
WANTED / WATCHLIST / FOLLOW
PACKING & SHIPPING
RETURNS
TESTIMONIALS
ABOUT US
REGISTER
CONTACT
PRIVACY POLICY
Client information is private and confidential; we do not share, trade, or sell to anyone.
We work very hard to make sure our listings are accurate. If you see a problem with any listing on our site, please report it immediately.
Terms and Conditions
BUYING ART
BUYING ART
Buying Art
Selling Art
Listing Hints / Photo Guide
Wanted / Watchlist / Follow
Packing & Shipping
Returns
Testimonials
Register
About Us
Contact
Terms & Conditions
NO BUYER FEES - BUY AT COMPETITIVE SECONDARY MARKET PRICES
Art Brokerage is an online platform designed to make buying art safe, easy, and fun! We're based out of Las Vegas and have been in the business of selling fine art since 1983. In addition to our rich history, we have 10 experienced international art brokers on staff who bring 300+ years of combined expertise to the table. Our brokers ensure that our process for buying art online is proven, secure, and efficient for transactions of any size. Art Brokerage welcomes dealers, galleries and private collectors to register securely and buy & sell with us. We are the original brokerage site and take great pride in being the most experienced and trusted secondary art market on the web!
WE CAN SHIP ANYTHING TO ANYWHERE - ASK FOR A QUOTE!
Art Brokerage lists more than 78,000 original paintings, limited edition prints, and sculptures from thousands of major international artists. If your interests are modern, pop, blue chip, contemporary, post-war, European impressionism, urban culture, sculpture or photography, then make an offer or ask a question!
* Customs clearance procedures and speed may be altered due to the COVID-19 crisis situation. Domestic and International shipping may be impacted by COVID-19. Art Brokerage can not guarantee delivery on certain dates due to the crisis situation.
BUYER'S GOLDEN RULES
In order for us to provide the best experience possible, we ask that you read and follow these common courtesy guidelines for before making an offer or asking a question on artbrokerage.com.
Do not make offers on art you do not intend to purchase. Offers below $1,000 will not be considered unless the seller is in dire circumstances or the listing has received a "steal this" tag.
Respond to all follow-up correspondence once you've requested a price from a seller. It's easy to forget that this is a conversation with real humans on both sides of the transaction.
Be respectful and courteous in all communications with staff.
Be truthful and as accurate as possible - buyers are responsible for performing due diligence prior to making a purchase.
Most of our listings are priced at secondary resale market prices. Many items are priced very competitively and are not subject to negotiation. Some listings are priced to invite offers, others not so much. If an item is priced too high, please make an offer and our sales associates will work to facilitate a sale.
Art Brokerage is not an automated piece of software like eBay. We are real people with real expertise in the art business who will promptly read and respond to all reasonable offers/questions.
HOW TO MAKE AN OFFER OR ASK A QUESTION
Create a FREE account or login if you're already a member. Remember, we never sell or share your information and always protect your privacy!
Search our listings by artist, title, medium or keyword to find exactly what you're looking for.
Click the
Make Offer / Ask Question button below your desired listing & follow the instructions to complete the process.
HOW TO BUY NOW
Create a FREE account or login if you're already a member. Remember, we never sell or share your information and always protect your privacy!
Search our listings by artist, title, medium or keyword to find exactly what you're looking for.
Click the
Buy Now button below your desired listing & follow the instructions to complete the process. Buy Now is a binding contract to purchase, authenticity and condition guaranteed. Domestic Shipping $39.00 without frame and the amount will be added to purchase price. If you are an international buyer, shipping will be determined based upon your location.
NOTE: Only select listings have Buy Now as an option.
TIP: Look out for
&
tags for your chance to purchase.
PRICING: Estimated asking prices are indicated on each listing. Please note, these are estimates only and do not necessarily represent the final sale price. Estimates are intended as a guide for buyers who wish to make offers.
WHAT HAPPENS NEXT
Once you've made an offer, our team of expert brokers will evaluate your offer and present it to the seller(s). Updates will be delivered by email or phone after we've entered negotiations with the seller. Please remember this is the secondary market, we encourage both buyers and sellers to be realistic.
If your offer is accepted, Art Brokerage will collect your payment and hold it securely until the transaction is complete.
When your artwork arrives, you will have 3 days to inspect and approve the purchase. We require written satisfaction via email to approve the purchase and release your payment to the seller.
ART BROKERAGE GUARANTEE
We guarantee the authenticity of most commercial artwork with our Certificate of Authenticity and will refund in full if notified within 5 days. Our stellar 35 year reputation in the art world is our greatest asset!
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
Who sets the prices on artbrokerage.com?
Sellers set the NET secondary price while the true secondary market sets the buyers' price.
Can you ship artwork outside of the United States?
We can ship anything to anywhere, just ask for a quote!
Who pays for shipping?
Buyers are responsible for shipping costs, insurance, and applicable customs, duties, taxes and VATS. Sellers are responsible for professional packing/crating and some insurance costs.
Do you offer bonded shipping options?
We ship to 200 countries by bonded carriers: FedEx, UPS, DHL, Craters and Freighter, among other bonded shippers. Art Brokerage will assist the seller to safely pack, insure and ship the artwork. For more information, please visit Packing & Shipping section.
Do you have any policies regarding high-end artwork?
We have a commercial Art Transit policy for very high-end artwork only, to be used at our discretion.
Can I challenge the authenticity of purchased artwork that I receive?
It's a rare occurrence, but you may challenge the authenticity of a purchase. Please acquire a written notice from an expert and provide it to us ASAP, so we can resolve it.
Who owns Art Brokerage?
We are owned privately, not by a conglomerate. Your safety and privacy are very important to us.
OUR COMMITMENT
Our mission is to be the best secondary art marketplace in the world while maintaining your complete privacy and removing any risk or uncertainty from the process for you.
Give the gift of art with Art Brokerage.
Gift cards now available! Learn More
Give the gift of art with Art Brokerage.
Gift cards now available! Learn More