http://artefac.com/privacy-policy.html
My Account
Orders
Comparison list
Wish list
Sign inRegister
Sign in using your social account:
Facebook
or:
Sign in with email
Email
Password
Forgot your password?
Register for a new account
or:
Sign in with social login
Anti-bot validation
Sign in
Remember me
0
Cart is empty
View cart
Call Toll Free 1-877-999-1198
Menu
Home
STOOLS
CHAIRS
TABLES
Custom Made
Catalog
Bar Stools & Kitchen Counter Stools
Leather Parson, Dining Room & Kitchen Chairs
Classic Chairs
Leather Arm Chairs, Club Chairs & Fabric Chairs
Custom Made in Canada
Restaurant Chairs, Stools & Booths
Dining / Accent Tables
Dining Tables
Accent Tables
Desks
BAR N COUNTER TABLES
Modern Furniture
Chairs
Stools
Office Chairs
Clearance
Industrial Vintage Furniture
Ottomans / Benches
Sofa, Love Seat & Sectionals
Antiques'n Accents
Accessories
Lighting
Mirrors
Paintings
New Arrivals
Contract Quality Custom Made
HOTEL FURNITURE
COMMERCIAL
Contact Us
Home/Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter or fill out a form.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address or mailing address. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience(your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
To improve our website(we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
To improve customer service(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
To process transactions
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature
To send periodic emails
The email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
Do we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information).
We use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart, understand and save your preferences for future visits and keep track of advertisements.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified on 01.12.2012
My account
Sign in
Create account
ARTeFAC
About us
Contact us
Gift certificates
Sitemap
Customer Service
About your order
Wishlist
Comparison list
Payment / Shipping
Restaurant projects
Privacy policy
©
2004 -
2020 ARTeFAC.  Powered by Artefac Inc.
Send products to e-mail:
Send
Up