http://artefac.com/policies-en.html
My Account
Orders
Comparison list
Wish list
Sign inRegister
Sign in using your social account:
Facebook
or:
Sign in with email
Email
Password
Forgot your password?
Register for a new account
or:
Sign in with social login
Anti-bot validation
Sign in
Remember me
0
Cart is empty
View cart
Call Toll Free 1-877-999-1198
Menu
Home
STOOLS
CHAIRS
TABLES
Custom Made
Catalog
Bar Stools & Kitchen Counter Stools
Leather Parson, Dining Room & Kitchen Chairs
Classic Chairs
Leather Arm Chairs, Club Chairs & Fabric Chairs
Custom Made in Canada
Restaurant Chairs, Stools & Booths
Dining / Accent Tables
Dining Tables
Accent Tables
Desks
BAR N COUNTER TABLES
Modern Furniture
Chairs
Stools
Office Chairs
Clearance
Industrial Vintage Furniture
Ottomans / Benches
Sofa, Love Seat & Sectionals
Antiques'n Accents
Accessories
Lighting
Mirrors
Paintings
New Arrivals
Contract Quality Custom Made
HOTEL FURNITURE
COMMERCIAL
Contact Us
Home/Payment/Shipping/Policy
Payment/Shipping/Policy
Free Shipping promo is for regular prices and on selected products only, no clearance/discontinued item will be shipped free, contact us before ordering online. Only one Promotion can be applied per purchase (i.e. Sale Price or Shipping Discount).
Warranty: All the products on this website are warranted for one year for any manufacturing defects.products are not warranted if they are being used in any commercial place.
Payment Methods: If you are interested in purchasing anything on this site, you may do so by adding the item to your shopping cart. We accept Master Card, Visa, and American Express, you can also order through PayPal or fax (1-905-361-7446) or email us the order (from contact us page) with shipping address & phone number, we will call you for credit card transaction, or call us Toll Free 1-877-999-1198, Payments can also be wired into our bank directly, for customers looking for later deliveries we can reserve the products with 30% deposit and charge the balance on dispatch.
For large restaurant orders/Commercial orders, a deposit of $1000 by Credit Card is required, balance amount has to be paid through bankers cheque or wire transfer only, If paying by personal cheque, your order will be shipped after funds have been cleared into our bank account,
Mailing address for cheques: ARTEFAC INC.
1375 Aimco Blvd, Unit # 10
Mississauga, Toronto West
Ontario L4W 1B5
Shipping Calculations:After adding products to the cart, click "VIEW CART". Now click on “CALCULATE" where "SHIPPING COST” is and type your State/province and zip/postal code and click “GET RATES” you will see the shipping charges and taxes. On the same Shipping Cost Calculation page You can also Click on "Select shipping method" to see WareHouse and other Shipping rates. from here you can either cancel the transaction or proceed, shopping cart calculates the price of each chair ( not as set ).
Shipping Charges & Time frameAll the orders are shipped from our warehouse Located near Hwy 401 and Dixie Road, West of Toronto, Ontario,  Typically smaller orders can ship immediately after payment for any items that we have in stock. You should receive your product within one to three weeks depending upon where you are located in US. shipping charges for mainland US only, for Islands please contact us for shipping quote. Worldwide orders can take 3-5 weeks again depending upon location. Delivery charged on the website are for dock to dock (commercial) and for residential curbside delivery, where skid is broken down on trailer and hand bombed to customer. Customers who want skid to be brought down the trailer then lift gate services apply, for an additional $75.00. For inside delivery and some areas (including remote) which are not easily accessible by regular transport services, heavy or large boxes/crate/pallet, extra shipping charges apply, please email us for more info.
Stock availability :Some products may be back ordered and will not be available for immediate shipping, Confirm stock by sending us email through contact us page.
Shipping Damage:Inspect the boxes & chairs when you receive them. If you see a damaged box, request to open the box while taking delivery. Make a note on delivery receipt about the damage, don't send the damage products back, e-mail us the pic of damage products and boxes. Customer is required to submit photographs of the damages or defects of the product. We will send the replacement ASAP, If the damage is not reported to us in 3 days of delivery, customer has to pay the shipping charges for replacement. any manufacturing defect not reported in 3 months of purchase are not eligible for replacement or refund.
Product care: for chairs and stools make sure to protect the bottom of the legs with felt if you have hardwood/laminate or tiles, foot rails on stools should also be protected by felt or metal ( U or L shape bracket ) for any damage, leather should not be exposed to direct sunlight everyday, keep the products away from heating ducts.
Delivery: all deliveries charged are curbside only, inside delivery or liftgate delivery charges are extra and customer has to pay these charges to shipping company.
Service issue: All service related issues including exchange, kindly send us email through contact us page. Toll free number is for sales calls only.
Return Policy: Customer needs to pay regular shipping and handling both ways and 30% re-stocking fee, and Tariffs if any will be seperate, Returns need to be reported to ARTEFAC within 7 days of receiving order. Products on discount and clearance cannot be returned or exchanged for minor damage or imperfection; they will still be replaced (if stock is available) if damaged in shipping. In order to make a return, All products require the original box and packaging, unless damaged in transit and is unusable. Customer is required to submit photographs of the damages or defects of the product. Large orders 8 or more products and special order chairs/stools cannot be cancelled or replaced. Custom-Made products are non refundable.
CONTRACT QUALITY / COMMERCIAL GRADE POLICY:These products are made to order and are non-refundable.
Pending orders: We can hold Pending orders for upto 6 months, after six months 5% storage charges apply per month. pending order over one year are cancelled and deposit in no longer refundable.
Images on website: Leather color may vary for 2 different shipments because of different batch, color on products may look different on computers because of monitor resolution or lighting at the time of photo shoot. Products returned without taking deliver will be charged 30% restocking fee plus regular shipping both ways.
Privacy Policy:ARTeFAC Inc. is committed to protecting your privacy, ARTeFAC Inc. Doesn't sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. ARTeFAC Inc. may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your personal information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. ARTeFAC Inc. Doesn't use or disclose sensitive personal information which is provided by the user, it is used solely for the purpose of completing the order. This includes information pertaining to gift recipients. Financial information including credit card numbers, expiration dates, billing address is used solely to bill the customer for their order.
Disclaimer:PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING DISCLAIMER CAREFULLY. All of the articles for sale on the www.artefac.com website have been constructed with the greatest possible care using materials deemed suitable for their regular use. www.artefac.com wants you to enjoy all that you purchase but accept no responsibility for any change or damage that occurs once the products are accepted as delivered. In no event shall ARTeFAC Inc. or www.artefac.com liable for any direct, indirect, special, punitive, incidental, exemplary or consequential damages, or any damages whatsoever, any kind of dispute will be dealt only in Ontario province.
Non-Disparagement Clause
Your acceptance of this sales contract prohibits you from taking any action that negatively impacts artefac.com, its reputation, products, services, management or employees.
Should you violate this clause, as determined by artefac.com in its sole discretion, you will be provided a forty-eight (48) hour opportunity to retract the content in question. If the content remains, in whole or in part, you will immediately be billed $5000.00 USD for legal fees and court costs until such complete costs are determined in litigation. Should these charges remain unpaid for 30 calendar days from the billing date, your unpaid invoice will be forwarded to our third party collection firm and will be reported to consumer credit reporting agencies until paid.
Copyright:All content on this website, such as text, images, logos, button icons and images is the property of ARTeFAC Inc. and is protected by International copyright laws.
Links:This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
TaxesPlease check with your local government if any tax applies.
Security: Payment transactions are carried out through Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol,  your Credit Card & Information is secure.
My account
Sign in
Create account
ARTeFAC
About us
Contact us
Gift certificates
Sitemap
Customer Service
About your order
Wishlist
Comparison list
Payment / Shipping
Restaurant projects
Privacy policy
©
2004 -
2020 ARTeFAC.  Powered by Artefac Inc.
Send products to e-mail:
Send
Up