https://atasteofkentucky.com/privacy/
In accordance with UPS guidelines for all businesses, we are unable to guarantee UPS ground service for holiday delivery for orders received after 12/12.
We will continue to ship and expect most to arrive in time, however, you may wish to indicate Happy Holidays or Happy New Year on later packages.
Expedited service is available.
Dismiss
Skip to content
First Name*Last Name*Email*
**Coupon valid only one time
CALL (800) 444-0552 | info@atasteofky.com
Search for:
Shop
Products
Latest Arrivals
All Things Bourbon
Art, Books & Music
Kentucky Derby
Candies, Derby Pie and Bourbon Cakes
Gifts & Gift Baskets
At Home in Kentucky
Kentucky Cookin’ & Entertaining
Clearance
Gift Baskets
Corporate Gifts
Corporate Gift Ideas
Order Corporate Gifts
Login / Register
Cart / $0.00
0
No products in the cart.
0
Cart
No products in the cart.
PRIVACY POLICY   Your privacy is important to us!
At A Taste of Kentucky, we are absolutely committed to ensuring your privacy and security as a customer. Whether you shop online, by phone, or at one of our stores, your data is safe with us: we do not sell or exchange e-mail addresses or any other personal information about our customers with any other group or company.
As an example of our commitment to our customers, we are members of the BBBOnline Reliability Program and we adhere to a very strict set of guidelines set by the Better Business Bureau regarding ethical business behavior, customer relations, and electronic commerce. Full details of the BBBOnline policy can be found on their website.
For our customers that shop online, the e-mail addresses and any other volunteered information collected when ordering, requesting a brochure, etc., are treated as confidential. We use this information only to fulfill your transaction/request and improve your overall experience with us — for example, if we need to contact you about your order or other request.
Our free email newsletter (there is a form on the left to subscribe) is only sent to those customers who voluntarily join our newsletter subscriber list when they place an order, request a catalog, or otherwise choose to subscribe — our newsletter is for our customers, not to spam people with. If for any reason you want to unsubscribe, send an e-mail to info@atasteofky.com and you will be taken off the list — no questions asked.
Shopping at A Taste of Kentucky is safe & secure
We take the issue of online security very seriously and we make every effort to protect the needs of our customers by providing authenticated, secure connections between our website and your computer.
We are aware that some people have concerns regarding the use of credit cards over the Internet — and we share your concern. For that reason, we encrypt all stages of the checkout process using the Secured Sockets Layer (SSL) created by our security certificate. This insures that your ordering information remains private and protected — any information you provide during an SSL-based connection cannot be read by anyone in transit.
When a transaction is processed, all the credit card data is encrypted using a key that is unique to each transaction before the credit card information is sent from our server to our credit card processor.
By using our processor to authorize credit cards in real time — just like swiping a card — we never have to know what your credit card number is, providing another layer of security and confidentiality for you.
In comparison, if you have ever left a restaurant with your credit card receipt still on the table you have been at infinitely more risk than ordering online with us.
What is a Secured Sockets Layer (SSL)?
SSL, or secured sockets layer, is a program layer that was created to ensure that data transferred between a client (your computer) and a server (our computer) remains private by encrypting it before transmission. When a client and server connect using SSL, the client verifies that the server is who they say they are (authenticates) and then both computers agree on the security keys (passwords) that they will use for the session.
After the SSL connection has been established, SSL encrypts and decrypts all information passing between the two computers (client requests and server responses): the request is encrypted by your browser, sent across the Internet in that encoded form, then decoded at the other end by our server. Our web server then sends encrypted responses back to your browser where it is decoded by the SSL layer in your browser.
By using a two-way encryption scheme like this there is never any opportunity for non-secure data to be transmitted across the Internet.
How can I tell if my computer is connected using SSL?
When you click on the ‘Checkout’ button on your shopping cart, you are taken to the SSL-secured area of our website automatically. An indicator that you are using a secure connection is in the address bar of your browser: the URL for any secured page will begin with ‘https://’ instead of ‘http://’. Also, somewhere in your browser window you will see a closed padlock icon similar to the one shown above (but smaller).
For Internet Explorer users, the padlock appears at the bottom of your browser window, near the middle. In Netscape, it appears in the lower left corner of the window, and Safari users will see it in the top-right corner of their browser window.
If you are using a browser that does not support SSL, you will not be able to connect to any URL that begins with ‘https://’. These non-SSL browsers will simply not allow the submission of forms that require the security provided by SSL.
Search for:
Shop
Latest Arrivals
All Things Bourbon
Arts, Books & Music
Kentucky Derby
Derby Pies, Bourbon Cakes & Candies
Gifts & Gift Baskets
At Home in Kentucky
Kentucky Cookin’ and Entertaining
About Us
Latest News
Testimonials
Ordering Information
Our Stores
Recipes
Corporate Gifts
Contact Us
Login
Login
Username or email address *
Password *
Remember me
Log in
Lost your password?
Register
Email address *
Password *
Register