https://atouchofprovence.com/terms-and-conditions
Terms and Conditions
Home » Terms and Conditions A Touch of Provence Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE. All users of this site agree that access to and use of this site are subject to the following terms and conditions and other applicable law. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use this site.
Copyright
The entire content included in this site, including but not limited to text, graphics or code is copyrighted as a collective work under the United States and other copyright laws, and is the property of A Touch of Provence®, Inc.. The collective work includes works that are licensed to A Touch of Provence®, Inc.. Copyright 2003, A Touch of Provence®, Inc. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Permission is granted to electronically copy and print hard copy portions of this site for the sole purpose of placing an order with A Touch of Provence®, Inc. or purchasing A Touch of Provence®, Inc. products. You may display and, subject to any expressly stated restrictions or limitations relating to specific material, download or print portions of the material from the different areas of the site solely for your own non-commercial use, or to place an order with A Touch of Provence®, Inc. or to purchase A Touch of Provence®, Inc. products. Any other use, including but not limited to the reproduction, distribution, display or transmission of the content of this site is strictly prohibited, unless authorized by A Touch of Provence®, Inc.. You further agree not to change or delete any proprietary notices from materials downloaded from the site.
Trademarks
All trademarks, service marks and trade names of A Touch of Provence®, Inc. used in the site are trademarks or registered trademarks of A Touch of Provence®, Inc.
Warranty Disclaimer
This site and the materials and products on this site are provided “as is” and without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, A Touch of Provence®, Inc. disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. A Touch of Provence®, Inc. does not represent or warrant that the functions contained in the site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that the defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes the site available are free of viruses or other harmful components. A Touch of Provence®, Inc. does not make any warrantees or representations regarding the use of the materials in this site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, adequacy, usefulness, timeliness, reliability or otherwise. Some states do not permit limitations or exclusions on warranties, so the above limitations may not apply to you.
Limitation of Liability
A Touch of Provence®, Inc. shall not be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials on this site or the performance of the products, even if A Touch of Provence®, Inc. has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Applicable law may not allow the limitation of exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.
Typographical Errors
In the event that a A Touch of Provence®, Inc. product is mistakenly listed at an incorrect price, A Touch of Provence®, Inc. reserves the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. A Touch of Provence®, Inc. reserves the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is cancelled, A Touch of Provence®, Inc. shall issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price.
Term; Termination
These terms and conditions are applicable to you upon your accessing the site and/or completing the registration or shopping process. These terms and conditions, or any part of them, may be terminated by A Touch of Provence®, Inc. without notice at any time, for any reason. The provisions relating to Copyrights, Trademark, Disclaimer, Limitation of Liability, Indemnification and Miscellaneous, shall survive any termination.
Notice
A Touch of Provence®, Inc. may deliver notice to you by means of e-mail, a general notice on the site, or by other reliable method to the address you have provided to A Touch of Provence®, Inc..
Miscellaneous
Your use of this site shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the state of Massachusetts, U.S.A., without regard to choice of law provisions, and not by the 1980 U.N. Convention on contracts for the international sale of goods. You agree that jurisdiction over and venue in any legal proceeding directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to this site (including but not limited to the purchase of A Touch of Provence®, Inc. products) shall be in the state or federal courts located in Middlesex County, Massachusetts. Any cause of action or claim you may have with respect to the site (including but not limited to the purchase of A Touch of Provence®, Inc. products) must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises. A Touch of Provence®, Inc.’s failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these terms and conditions shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. Neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice shall act to modify any of these terms and conditions. A Touch of Provence®, Inc. may assign its rights and duties under this Agreement to any party at any time without notice to you.
Use of Site
Harassment in any manner or form on the site, including via e-mail, chat, or by use of obscene or abusive language, is strictly forbidden. Impersonation of others, including A Touch of Provence®, Inc. or other licensed employee, host, or representative, as well as other members or visitors on the site is prohibited. You may not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through the site any content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable which may constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or which may otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law. You may not upload commercial content on the site or use the site to solicit others to join or become members of any other commercial online service or other organization.
Participation Disclaimer
A Touch of Provence®, Inc. does not and cannot review all communications and materials posted to or created by users accessing the site, and is not in any manner responsible for the content of these communications and materials. You acknowledge that by providing you with the ability to view and distribute user-generated content on the site, A Touch of Provence®, Inc. is merely acting as a passive conduit for such distribution and is not undertaking any obligation or liability relating to any contents or activities on the site. However, A Touch of Provence®, Inc. reserves the right to block or remove communications or materials that it determines to be (a) abusive, defamatory, or obscene, (b) fraudulent, deceptive, or misleading, (c) in violation of a copyright, trademark or; other intellectual property right of another or (d) offensive or otherwise unacceptable to A Touch of Provence®, Inc. in its sole discretion.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless A Touch of Provence®, Inc., its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers (collectively the “Service Providers”) from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, resulting from any violation of these terms and conditions or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing the site using your Internet account.
Third-Party Links
In an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, A Touch of Provence®, Inc. may link to sites operated by third parties. However, even if the third party is affiliated with A Touch of Provence®, Inc., A Touch of Provence®, Inc. has no control over these linked sites, all of which have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of A Touch of Provence®, Inc.. These linked sites are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk. Nonetheless, A Touch of Provence®, Inc. seeks to protect the integrity of its web site and the links placed upon it and therefore requests any feedback on not only its own site, but for sites it links to as well (including if a specific link does not work).
General Customer Service Info:
www.atouchofprovence.com
PO Box 1052
CONCORD, MA 01742
P: 978 371 1008
custservice@atouchofprovence.com
Shipping:
Orders are shipped via UPS or USPS insured.
General Information
Orders are processed on a first come first serve basis, and depending on the amount of back-orders that we have it can take us between 1 to 2 weeks to deliver your order.
Delivery Location
Items offered on our website are only available for delivery to addresses in the USA. Please contact us for shipment outside the USA.
Shipping Costs
We charge a Flat Fee of $9.95 regardless of the quantity of items ordered.
Damaged Items in Transport
Most of our orders are shipped out fully insured. Please contact us upon receipt in case of damaged goods due to shipping.
Questions
Please contact us at info@atouchofprovence.com  if you have any questions about the delivery and shipment of your order.
Refund/Return Policy:
Original sales receipt must accompany returns.
We accept returns for exchange or refund (*) 7 calendar days after delivery of the product. At our sole discretion after 7 calendar days, we will offer an exchange or store credit only. Items must be in “new, unaltered and unused condition”. Definition of new, unaltered and unused condition is:
Without showing signs of wear or damage in any way
Within 7 calendar days of the delivery date (after 7 days no returns are allowed)
Must not be a special order or a custom order or made to order (Chair Pads, Fabric, and Food Products are all final sales- nor returns are allowed)
Unless noted that it cannot be returned or has a different return  policy time period other than that 7 days noted in that item’s  particular item description.
If an item is received damaged or is incorrectly shipped by us please contact Customer Support immediately. Items that are defective and shipped from us or items that you did not order but received from us will qualify for store credit or a cash refund.
Refunds are contingent upon inspection of item(s) once we receive it.
(*) There is a 25% restocking fee for returned items that are not being exchanged and are not damaged. Again you MUST contact us within 7 days – BY EMAIL ONLY – if you intend to return ANY item back to our store. Items returned to us AFTER 7 days and WITHOUT contacting us will NOT be refunded.
Customer is responsible for all shipping costs if seller is not at fault.