https://audiocubes.com/pages/audiocubes-privacy-policy
AudioCubes Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us.
Audio Cubes Inc PO Box 36NYC NY 10276T: 2122602269E: info@audiocubes.com
It is Audio Cubes Inc's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website. This Privacy Policy applies to www.audiocubes.com (hereinafter, "us", "we", or "www.audiocubes.com"). We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting personally identifiable information you may provide us through the Website. We have adopted this privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") to explain what information may be collected on our Website, how we use this information, and under what circumstances we may disclose the information to third parties. This Privacy Policy applies only to information we collect through the Website and does not apply to our collection of information from other sources.
This Privacy Policy, together with the Terms and conditions posted on our Website, set forth the general rules and policies governing your use of our Website. Depending on your activities when visiting our Website, you may be required to agree to additional terms and conditions.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Audio Cubes Inc collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Audio Cubes Inc's purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Audio Cubes Inc's visitors use its website. From time to time, Audio Cubes Inc may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Audio Cubes Inc also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments and reviews on http://www.audiocubes.com. Audio Cubes Inc only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Audio Cubes Inc's websites choose to interact with Audio Cubes Inc in ways that require Audio Cubes Inc to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Audio Cubes Inc gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who contact us an email address and telephone number.  This information may be used for us to contact you and send product and service related information and promotions to you.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links To External Sites
Our Service may contain links to external sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy and terms and conditions of every site you visit.
We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites, products or services.
Aggregated Statistics
Audio Cubes Inc may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its website. Audio Cubes Inc may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Audio Cubes Inc does not disclose your personally-identifying information.
Cookies
To enrich and perfect your online experience, Audio Cubes Inc uses "Cookies", similar technologies and services provided by others to display personalized content, appropriate advertising and store your preferences on your computer.
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Audio Cubes Inc uses cookies to help Audio Cubes Inc identify and track visitors, their usage of http://www.audiocubes.com, and their website access preferences. Audio Cubes Inc visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Audio Cubes Inc's websites, with the drawback that certain features of Audio Cubes Inc's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
By continuing to navigate our website without changing your cookie settings, you hereby acknowledge and agree to Audio Cubes Inc's use of cookies.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Audio Cubes Inc may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Audio Cubes Inc's sole discretion. Audio Cubes Inc encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Home
/ AudioCubes Privacy Policy
Newsletter
Receive product and promotion updates.
Subscribe to AudioCubes.com
Log in
Create an account
About
FAQs
Contact
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Copyright © 2020 AudioCubes.com. AudioCubes® is a Registered Trademark of Audio Cubes Inc.