https://autosportcatalog.com/terms-conditions/
Reviews How to Car Problems Car Maintenance Basics Tires Battery Blog
Terms & Conditions
Web Site Terms and Conditions of Use
Terms
By accessing this web site, you are agreeing to be bound by these web site Terms and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this web site are protected by applicable copyright and trade mark law.
Use License a. Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials (information or software) on Autosportcatalog.com web site for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not: i.modify or copy the materials; ii.use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial); iii.attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on ’s web site; iv.remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or v.transfer the materials to another person or “mirror” the materials on any other server. This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by Autosportcatalog.com at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format. Disclaimer a. The materials on Autosportcatalog.com’s web site are provided “as is”. Autosportcatalog.com makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, Autosportcatalog.com  does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its Internet web site or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site. Limitations
In no event shall Autosportcatalog.com or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption,) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on Autosportcatalog.com’s Internet site, even if Autosportcatalog.com or a Autosportcatalog.com authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
Revisions and Errata
The materials appearing on Autosportcatalog.com’s web site could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. Autosportcatalog.com does not warrant that any of the materials on its web site are accurate, complete, or current. Autosportcatalog.com may make changes to the materials contained on its web site at any time without notice. Autosportcatalog.com does not, however, make any commitment to update the materials.
Links
Autosportcatalog.com has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its Internet web site and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Autosportcatalog.com of the site. Use of any such linked web site is at the user’s own risk.
Site Terms of Use Modifications
Autosportcatalog.com may revise these terms of use for its web site at any time without notice. By using this web site you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.
Governing Law
Any claim relating to Autosportcatalog.com’s web site shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York without regard to its conflict of law provisions. General Terms and Conditions applicable to Use of a Web Site. 9.Your Contact Information & School Information Requests Your contact details entered on this website, including your phone number and email address can be forwarded to up to 7 schools. These schools in return may contact you or not regarding their programs. We may use Personal Information:
When you request, to connect you with vendors who will provide you with information about products and services.to respond to your inquiries and fulfill your requests, such as to send you newsletters. to send you important information regarding the Site, changes to our terms, conditions, and policies and/or other administrative information. to send you surveys and marketing communications that we believe may be of interest to you. to personalize your experience on the Site and our other websites by presenting advertising, products and offers tailored to you. to allow you to participate in sweepstakes, contests and similar promotions and to administer these activities. Some of these activities have additional rules, which could contain additional information about how we use and disclose your Personal Information, so we suggest that you read these rules carefully. to allow you to send messages to a friend through the Site. By using this functionality, you are telling us that you are entitled to use and provide us with your friend’s name and email address. for our business purposes, such as data analysis, audits, developing new products, enhancing our website, improving our services, identifying usage trends and determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns. if you purchase a product or service from us, to complete and fulfill your purchase, for example, to have your payments processed, communicate with you regarding your purchase and provide you with related customer service.
Privacy Policy Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy.
• Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
• We will collect and use of personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
• We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.
• We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
• Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
• We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
• We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information. We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.
About Us
I am Derek Patrowsky, editor of AutoSportCatalog.com. I have over 17 years of experience in the automotive service industry and am part owner of a service facility in his hometown. Together with other writers, I hope this website will help you with your auto repair needs making better decisions when it comes to your vehicle.
Affiliate Disclaimer AutoSportCatalog.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com.