https://autosportcatalog.com/california-privacy-rights/
Reviews How to Car Problems Car Maintenance Basics Tires Battery Blog
California Privacy Rights
Autosportcatalog.com (the “Publisher”). Publisher has contracted to collect information on the form from which you linked to this privacy policy. Our privacy policy is stated below. The information you submit via the form to which this privacy policy is attached will be collected by Autosportcatalog.com and used, stored, and disseminated according to the privacy policy set out below.
Table of Contents
Information Collected by Autosportcatalog.comNon-Personally Identifiable Consumer InformationPersonally Identifiable Consumer InformationHow Collected Information is UsedSharing Information with Third PartiesSecurityNon-Personally Identifiable Consumer Information – Use of Cookies & Opting-OutPersonally Identifiable Consumer Information – Opting-OutAccess/AccuracyChildren’s PrivacyYour ConsentContacting Us Information Collected by Autosportcatalog.com Non-Personally Identifiable Consumer Information Autosportcatalog.com collects various types of information from you to better meet your needs and to provide you with a more relevant user experience. Some of this information is collected automatically through cookies (a small text file placed on your computer) or other Internet tracking technologies. The type of information your browser or Internet session may automatically provide us with can include the browser you are using, your Internet domain, the operating system on your computer, your IP address and the URL you saw just before coming to the Autosportcatalog.com site, the pages of the site you visited and the URL of the page you visited upon leaving the site. Personally Identifiable Consumer Information In addition, we collect information that you may choose to provide to us when requesting additional information from us or from one or more of our clients. Examples of personally identifiable data that you may provide to us include name, address, and email address. If you provide personally identifiable data to us, you may later elect to have your information deleted from our files, or kept from being used for purposes other than for the service requested, by following the opt-out procedures set forth below. How Collected Information is Used The non-personally identifiable information that Autosportcatalog.com collects is used for marketing and sales efforts to better target advertisements and other content in an effort to create a more personally relevant experience. The information is also used to predict responses to advertisements, and to help determine which ads perform best and which content is most appropriate for different individuals. If you elect to provide Autosportcatalog.com with personally identifiable information, we may utilize such information for marketing purposes, and this use may result in follow-up communications from Autosportcatalog.com and from our clients. In addition, that information may be combined with information collected from other sources to assist with targeting ads to your preferences and behaviors, and for other Autosportcatalog.com sales and marketing efforts. Sharing Information with Third Parties All personally identifiable information you provide is maintained in confidence by Autosportcatalog.com. There are instances, however, in which your personally identifiable and non-personally identifiable information is shared with third parties, as described below. Your non-personally identifiable data may be shared with third-party partners of Autosportcatalog.com on an anonymous basis. When you request information from Autosportcatalog.com or one or more of our clients, we may transfer your information to our client(s), across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world, so that they may provide the information on their product or service that you requested. We may also disclose information to a third party who provides substantially similar services as the original service about which you requested more information. In such situations, we will provide you with an opportunity to opt-out of such sharing. In addition to the above situations where your information may be shared with others, there is also the possibility that Autosportcatalog.com, or part(s) of the company, may one day be purchased by, or merged with, another company. In the event of such transaction, the acquiring (or merging) company will have access to all collected personally identifiable information. Finally, Autosportcatalog.com may share your information as necessary to comply with a court order or to cooperate with government and law enforcement officials. Security Wherever your personally identifiable information may be held within Autosportcatalog.com or on its behalf, we intend to take reasonable and appropriate steps to protect the information you shared with us from unauthorized access or disclosure. Please note that while Autosportcatalog.com will make every reasonable effort to protect your information, no transmission of data over the Internet is 100% secure. Non-Personally Identifiable Consumer Information – Use of Cookies & Opting-Out Some of our websites utilize cookies to collect information about your website activities and to recall the personal information you previously shared with us. Most browsers allow you to control cookies, including whether or not to accept them and how to remove them. You may set most browsers to notify you if you receive a cookie, or you may choose to block cookies with your browser. Blocking cookies may result in a lower quality experience for you while you are visiting Autosportcatalog.com websites. Personally Identifiable Consumer Information – Opting-Out You may choose whether or not to provide personally identifiable information to Autosportcatalog.com. If you choose to provide such information to Autosportcatalog.com, you have the right to tell us not to make some of the uses of such information described herein or may have such information deleted in its entirety. If you no longer wish to receive our newsletters, surveys or promotional communications via email, you may opt-out by clicking here and following the instructions to unsubscribe. To have your personal information completely removed from our databases, simply contact us and provide the name of the service for which information was provided, your full name, mailing address, phone number and email address so that we may identify you in the opt-out process. Once we receive your instruction, we will promptly take corrective action. Access/Accuracy To the extent that you do provide us with personally identifiable information, Autosportcatalog.com wishes to maintain the accuracy of this information. Where we collect personally identifiable information from you on the Web, our goal is to provide a means of contacting Autosportcatalog.com should you need to update or correct that information. If for any reason those means are unavailable or inaccessible, you may send updates and corrections about your personally identifiable information to us and we will make reasonable efforts to incorporate the changes in the information that we hold as soon as practicable. Children’s Privacy In compliance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), Autosportcatalog.com is not structured to attract children. Accordingly, we do not intend to collect personally identifiable information from anyone we know to be under 13 years of age. Your Consent By using this website, you consent to the terms of our Online Privacy Policy and to Autosportcatalog.com’s processing of personally identifiable information for the purposes given above. Should the Online Privacy Policy change, we intend to take every reasonable step to ensure that these changes are brought to your attention by posting all changes prominently on our website for a reasonable period of time and by amending this privacy policy. Contacting Us For more information, or if you have questions or concerns regarding Autosportcatalog.com Privacy Policy, you may email us at autosportcatalog101@gmail.com. Thank you for visiting our website. We hope you have a pleasant experience while you are here.
About Us
I am Derek Patrowsky, editor of AutoSportCatalog.com. I have over 17 years of experience in the automotive service industry and am part owner of a service facility in his hometown. Together with other writers, I hope this website will help you with your auto repair needs making better decisions when it comes to your vehicle.
Affiliate Disclaimer AutoSportCatalog.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com.