https://auxmode.com/privacy-policy/
YouTube DRM, Insights & Reporting SaaS Platform
ABOUT
SERVICES
BLOG
CONTACT
Aux ModePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Aux Mode, Inc recognizes the importance of protecting the privacy of all information provided by users of our web sites, and all of our customers. We created this policy with a fundamental respect for our users’ right to privacy and to guide our relationships with our users. This privacy statement discloses the privacy practices for all products and services owned by Aux Mode, Inc.
Information Collection and Use
Aux Mode, Inc collects information from our website users and customers. In this section of our privacy policy, we will describe the type of information we collect and how we use it to provide better services to our customers.
Google Analytics
This site uses Google Analytics to track activity, for information on how Google uses the data collected please visit: www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/.
Automatic Data Collection
Our web sites have features that automatically collect information from users, to deliver content specific to users’ interests and to honor their preferences. This information assists us in creating sites that will serve the needs of our users.
We use “cookies,” a piece of data stored on the user’s hard drive containing information about the user. Cookies benefit the user by requiring login only once, thereby saving time while on our site. If users reject the cookies, they may be limited in the use of some areas of our site. Additionally, we may note some of the pages the user visits on our site through the use of pixel tags (also called clear gifs). The use of cookies and pixels enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our sites.
For our internal purposes, we gather date, time, browser type, navigation history (referer) and IP address of all visitors to our site. This information does not contain anything that can identify users personally. We use this information for our internal security audit log, trend analysis and system administration, and to gather broad demographic information about our user base for aggregate use.
With Whom Your Information is Shared
We do not share personally identifiable information with other companies, apart from those acting as our agent in providing our product(s)/service(s), and which agree to use it only for that purpose and to keep the information secure and confidential. Also, our parent, subsidiary and affiliate companies, entities into which our company may be merged, or entities to which any of our assets, products, sites or operations may be transferred, will be able to use personal information. We will also disclose information we maintain when required to do so by law, for example, in response to a court order or a subpoena or other legal obligation, in response to a law enforcement agency’s request, or in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact of bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) our rights or property. Users should also be aware that courts of equity, such as U.S. Bankruptcy Courts, might have the authority under certain circumstances to permit personal information to be shared or transferred to thirds parties without permission.
We may share aggregate information, which is not personally identifiable, with others. This information may include usage and demographic data, but it will not include personal information.
Security
We use reasonable precautions to protect our users’ personal information and to store it securely. Sensitive information that is transmitted to us online is encrypted and is transmitted to us securely. In addition, access to all of our users’ information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job and necessary partners are granted access to personally identifiable information. Finally, the servers on which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Our web sites contain links to other sites. Aux Mode is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each web site to which we may link that may collect personally identifiable information.
Third Party Advertising
Third party vendors, including Google, show our ads on sites on the internet.
Third party vendors, including Google, use first-party and third-party cookies together to inform, optimize and serve ads based on a user’s prior visits to your website.
Users may opt out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page. (Alternatively you can opt out of a third party vendor’s use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt out page.)
Google Analytics Demographic and Interest Report is used to improve the relevance of our ads.
Notification and Changes
If we change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so our users are aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under which circumstances, if any, we disclose it. Users should check this policy frequently to keep abreast of any changes.
For questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site or any dealings with Timeshare Specialists, contact us.
See your potential revenue
Estimated YouTube Revenue Calculator
Daily views
Estimated CPM
$0.45 USD - $4.00 USD
YouTube Views to Money Calculator
Number of total video views
Platform Partners
Protecting & Monetizing Content
Distribute content on YouTube & Google Play.
Find out more.
Copyright © 2020 Aux Mode. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy.
Terms of Use.
Home
About
Clients
Careers
Latest News
Services
Dashboard
Reporting Tool
Digital Rights
Blog
F.A.Q’s
YouTube Calculator
Contact
Careers
Free Book