http://avionix.com/privacy-policy/
9416378585
sales@avionix.com
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Privacy Policy
Our privacy policy at APG Avionics is committed to safeguarding your rights. This is to help you understand how APG Avionics collects, uses and stores the information that we obtain from you. This helps you make informed decisions on how to submit information to APG Avionics.
Information Collection
Personal information
Name
Address
IP address
Phone number
Email address
Non-personal information
Demographic information
URL information
Preferences based on website use
Number of clicks
What we do with your information
Provide you with better, more personal service
Email you with specials and upcoming events
Send you products and/or services that you request
Collect Payments
Share with our foreign offices if necessary to fulfill our obligation to you per product or service
When do we disclose your information to outside sources
Only in the specific case that you ask us to or,
If compelled by a subpoena or other lawful document and then only to the requesting authorities
Storing your information
Reasonable technical precautions through firewalls and other security measures online.
Reasonable physical precautions with any (if applicable) hard copies of personal information through the use of locks and security systems.
APG Avionics does not sell or give your personal information to any outside party for any reason unless it is necessary to fulfill an order for a product or service. This website contains outside links and we are not responsible for the privacy policies of any third site party.
Check back occasionally for updates to our policy. If you have any questions about how your information is handled you may fill out the form on the right and we will contact you.
Contact Us
Name
First
Last
Email*
Message*
Privacy Policy
Repair/Certify Policy
Core Return Policy
Equipment Return Policy
Countdown to ADS-B Compliance
-345Days
-2Hours
-34Minutes
-29Seconds
Punta Gorda53°clear skyhumidity: 87%wind: 4mph ESEH 56 • L 55
75°
Sat
79°
Sun
79°
Mon
79°
Tue
Weather from OpenWeatherMap
News
Garmin Rolls Out Two New Panel GPS Navigators
GDL 52 Series Compatible with ForeFlight
Get your Free Installation with a purchase of any Avidyne IFD!
GMC 507 Now Available for Experimental Aircraft
GNS™ 430/530 to GTN™ 650/750 Upgrade Credit
Designed by Elegant Themes | Powered by WordPress