https://awakeningspirit.com/policies/
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to footerPolicies
Privacy Policy
Whether you opt-in to our newsletter, register for a meeting, or purchase one of our books, we will NOT provide your information to other lists or entities.
Changes to this Policy
Awakening Spirit reserves the right to change this policy at any time. Please check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of our site following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes. Information collected prior to the time any change is posted will be used according to the rules and laws that applied at the time the information was collected.
Information Non-Disclosure Guarantee
I will never sell, rent, give, share or otherwise disclose to any third party any information that you may provide to me about you, your business, your website or your methods and procedures, without your knowledge or consent.
How to Change your Information or Opt Out
If you wish to have me remove your personal information from my databases, simply send a blank email with “remove” in the subject line to: Admin -at- AwakeningSpirit -dot- com
If you need to update the information I currently have on file (new address/email address, etc.), please send an email to: Admin -at- AwakeningSpirit -dot- com
No Spam Policy
I’m committed to a strict “No Spam” policy. Whenever you receive any message from me, it will contain clear, simple instructions for having your name and information permanently removed from my lists.
I Welcome your Questions or Suggestions
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of my site, or your dealings on this website, please feel free to contact: Admin -at- AwakeningSpirit -dot- com
Terms of Use
By using this site, you signify your Assent and Agreement to these Terms of Use. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, do not use the site.
Restrictions on Use of Materials
Materials in this website are Copyrighted and all rights are reserved. Text, graphics, databases, HTML code, products, blog posts, articles, content and other intellectual property are protected by US and International Copyright Laws, and may not be copied, reprinted, published, reengineered, translated, hosted, or otherwise distributed by any means without explicit permission.
Payment Terms
Payments for products or services listed on this AwakeningSpirit.com website follow our same, strict Privacy Policy. Payments are made using a secure online checkout and your information is held confidential and not shared with anyone.
Delivery
We ship in-stock items within 48 hours but can take up to 14 day.
Links and Marks
The owner of this site is not necessarily affiliated with sites that may be linked to this site and is not responsible for their content. The linked sites are for your convenience only and you access them at your own risk. Links to other websites or references to products, services or publications other than those of AwakeningSpirit.com and its subsidiaries and affiliates at this website, do not imply the endorsement or approval of such websites, products, services or publications by AwakeningSpirit.com or its subsidiaries and affiliates.
Certain names, graphics, logos, icons, designs, words, titles or phrases at this website may constitute trade names, trademarks or service marks of AwakeningSpirit.com or of other entities. The display of trademarks on this website does not imply that a license of any kind has been granted. Any unauthorized downloading, re-transmission, or other copying of modification of trademarks and/or the contents herein may be a violation of federal common law trademark and/or copyright laws and could subject the copier to legal action.
Refund or Cancellation Policy
Although requests for Awakening Spirit, Inc. refunds are extremely rare, they do occur on occasion as with any business. In nearly every instance of a refund request, the reason was not related to quality of product but to product choice where another Awakening Spirit product provided the desired solution.
If you are dissatisfied with a product for sale on this website, we will offer a 100% full refund within 15 days of your purchase date. We do ask for proof of purchase, such as the order receipt you received, in order to process the refund. Refunds will be processed within 7-10 business days of receiving this proof of purchase less shipping charges. The only exception is the essential oils are non-refundable. We  cannot restock oils with a broken seal.
Back Orders.
We charge for only shipped items. You’ll receive back orders when they are available and you will be billed at that time.
Contacting Us
Kathleen Flanagan, owner of Awakening Spirit, Inc., can be reached by contacting:
11184 Huron Street #8
Northglenn, CO 80234
Admin -at- AwakeningSpirit -dot- com
Disclaimers
The statements made on this website are for educational purposes and have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. The products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease. Seek medical help if your condition persists. The individuals who gave testimonials on this site, in no way guarantees you will have the same results. The data on this website is not considered complete and is not guaranteed to be accurate.
Never use pure essential oils on the skin (neat). Dilute them with a carrier or disperse in water.
Never take orally unless under the supervision of a doctor.
If you are pregnant, AVOID, oils of aniseed, basil, clary sage, cedarwood, cinnamon, clove, hyssop, jasmine, juniper, marjoram, myrrh, pennyroyal, sage, thyme, fennel, peppermint, rose or rosemary.
Bergamot and citrus oils cause your skin to become sun sensitive, so avoid sunbathing when using.
Keep all oils out of reach of children.
When adding pure essential oils to bath, disperse (move water with your hands) before getting in. If the oils “puddle” where you are getting in, they may irritate the skin.
Essential oils are potent. A few drops do a lot.
Because allergic reactions can occur with any herbal or botanical ingredient, any preparation should be tested in a small area of the skin before using.
If using a homeopathic remedy check with your homeopathic physician before using. Some oils may counteract your treatments.
Essential oils should not be used near, on or in the eyes.
“Certified Organic” means that the distiller that Awakening Spirit, Inc. buys the oil from is Certified Organic. “Wild Crafted” means the distiller has harvested plants that are growing wild and distilled those plants. “Unsprayed” means the distiller is not certified organic, and is, to the best of Awakening Spirit knowledge, growing the plants without the use of chemicals, herbicides and pesticides. Awakening Spirit is not a Certified Organic company.
Awakening Spirit, Inc. shall, under no circumstance, be liable for any direct, indirect, special, incidental, or consequential damages of any kind arising from, or in connection to, the use, misuse, or inability to use the materials and products available on said website. In no event shall Awakening Spirit, Inc.’s total liability exceed the amount paid by the user for the materials or products.
Orders shipped outside the U.S. may be subject to local duty charges by your government. These charges are the sole responsibility of the buyer. Awakening Spirit is not responsible for any associated import fees that your country may impose. Please contact your local customs office to see what these charges are BEFORE placing your order. Estimated international shipping time is 4-10 days.
Awakening Spirit, Inc. is not responsible for mail service transit time. Transit times are provided by the carrier, exclude weekends and holidays, and may vary with package origin and destination, particularly during peak periods.
By accessing the website from locations outside the United States, you do so at your own initiative, and are responsible for complying with applicable local laws. All taxes, custom charges, tariffs and duties imposed by customs are your sole responsibility. Awakening Spirit is not responsible for any associated import fees that your country may impose.
Like It, Share It!FacebookLinkedInTwitterMoreEmailPrintTumblrPocketRedditPinterest
Send to Email Address