http://azusaeng.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
We Take Your Privacy SeriouslyThis privacy policy (the “Privacy Policy”) discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this website, located at www.azusaparts.com (the “Website”). We will notify you of changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new policy on the Website. Review our Privacy Policy regularly so that you can stay informed of our practices, as they may change in the future.
By visiting this Website, using our service, and/or buying our products, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy. Your assent to our Privacy Policy is essential for us to ship you our products and/or provide our services. You can opt-out and decide not to provide the requested personal information. However, by doing so, you will not receive the information and/or service you are requesting.
Our Personal Information Collection PracticesThe personal information we collect depends upon how you use our Website. If you purchase products from us, we collect shipping information, including name, address, telephone number, and email address. Your billing information, however, is not stored by us. Instead, we forward your financial information to a third party for processing by a financial institution. If you sign up for our product updates, we collect your email address and use it only to email you our product updates. You always have the choice to unsubscribe to these messages.
Our Personal Information Use PracticesWe have the greatest respect for your privacy. Therefore, we do not sell, license, or rent your personal information. We only use the information that we collect from you to market, sell, and deliver our products and services. If we need to ship something to you or charge your credit card, we share your personal information with our shipper and/or credit card processing company. However, we strictly restrict their use of your personal information to the limited purposes for which we have engaged their services. If you send personal correspondence, such as emails or letters, or if other users or third parties send us correspondence about your activities or postings, we will collect such information into a file specific to you. We use information in the file that we maintain for you, and other information that we obtain from your use of the services, to resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, and enforce our customer agreements.
Our General Information Collection and Use PracticesWe also automatically collect certain information from visitors to the site, such as Internet addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), referring and exit page, operating system, timestamps, and clickstream data. We also track and analyze non-identifying and aggregate usage and volume statistical information from our visitors and customers. This information is collected to help us diagnose technical problems, to administer our Website, and to improve the overall experience of visitors to our Website.
Data Security Is Important To UsWe take measures to prevent the loss, misuse, and alteration of your personal information. To do this, we carefully limit access to the database in which your personal information is stored. However, we cannot ensure that all of your private communications and other personally identifiable information will never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. For example, we may be forced to disclose information to the government or third parties under certain circumstances, or third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications. We can (and you authorize us to) disclose any information about you to law enforcement or other government officials as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringements, or other activity that is illegal or may expose us to legal liability.
If You Have Other QuestionsContact us at the address below if you want us to change or delete any information that we have about you. We will respond to your request to access, update, or delete your information within ten (10) business days. Before we are able to provide you with any information, correct any inaccuracies, or delete any information, however, we may ask you to verify your identity.
This site is owned and operated by:
Azusa Engineering, Inc.1542 W. Industrial Park St.Covina, CA 91722-3417USA
Email: sales@azusaeng.comPhone: (626) 967-4160