https://babystart.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Privacy
Snowden is committed to protecting the privacy and security of our customers and website visitors.
This Privacy Notice explains in detail the types of personal data we may collect about you when you interact with us. It also explains how we’ll store and handle that data and keep it safe.
Who are we
Snowden Limited is a private company selling food supplements, medical devices and wellbeing products direct to our customers and is registered as a data controller. You can contact our Data Protection Officer (DPO) Sam McElroy at 4 Finch Close, Lenton Lane, Nottingham, NG7 2NN.
Our Brands
Snowden Healthcare
Utopia Skincare
Babystart
How and When do we Collect your Data
When you contact us by any means with queries, complaints etc.
When you comment on or review our products and services.
When you’ve given a third party permission to share with us the information they hold about you.
What Data we Collect
Name, Address,Telephone Number, IP Addresses
We also store some observed data such as your browsing history or click through email behaviours.
Why do we Collect the information
We also want to give you the best possible customer experience. One way to achieve this is to get a better understanding of who you are by combining the data we have about you.
The data privacy law allows this as part of our legitimate interest in understanding our customers and providing a high level of service.
Of course, if you wish to change how we use your data, you’ll find details in the section below.
Remember, if you choose not to share your personal data with us, or refuse certain contact permissions, we might not be able to provide some services you’ve previously asked for.
Monitoring of Communication
Subject to applicable laws, we’ll monitor and record your calls and other communications in relation to your dealings with us. We’ll do this for self regulatory compliance, for quality control, staff training and when we need to see a record of what has been said.
Marketing Prefereances
You can opt out of communications at any time by calling us on Freephone 0800 161 5670.
Automated Decision Making and Processing
Automated decision making involves processing your personal data without human intervention, we may do this to decide which marketing communications are suitable, and also to help build a ‘profile’ of our customer database to gain a greater understanding our customers and target audience. All of this activity is on the basis of legitimate interest, to protect our business and to develop and improve our services.
Retention of Data
We will retain data for a minimum of 5 years after the last purchase, this is to ensure that any loyalty programme rewards are not lost from the account.
Your Rights Under Applicable Data Protection Law
The right to be informed about our processing of your personal data
The right to have your personal data corrected if it’s inaccurate and to have incomplete personal data completed
The right to object to processing of your personal data
The right to restrict processing of your personal data
The right to have your personal data erased (the “right to be forgotten”)
The right to request access to your personal data and information about how we process it
The right to move, copy or transfer your personal data (“data portability”)
Rights in relation to automated decision making including profiling
You have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office. It has enforcement powers and can investigate compliance with data protection law: ico.org.uk
Data Anonymisation and Aggregation
Your personal data may be converted into statistical or aggregated data which can’t be used to identify you, then used to produce statistical research and reports. This aggregated data may be shared and used in all the ways described above.
Transfers Outside of the European Economic Area
The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at a destination outside the EEA. It may also be processed by our service providers (and their employees) operating outside the EEA.
We take steps to ensure that in the event that your information is transferred outside the EEA by our service providers, appropriate measures and controls are in place to protect the information in accordance with applicable data protection laws and regulations in the UK.
Safe for all couples trying to conceive
CLINICALLY TESTED
MANUFACTURED IN THE UK
WORLDWIDE PROVIDER OF FERTILITY PRODUCTS
Fertility Tests
+ FertilCount (men)
+ FertilCheck (women)
+ FertilTests (couples)
Ovulation Tests
+ FertilTime (midstream)
+ FertilFocus (reusable)
Pregnancy Test
+ Pregnancy Tests
Fertility Supplements
+ FertilMan (standard male)
+ FertilMan PLUS (advanced male)
+ FertilCare (standard female)
+ FertilOva (specialist PCOS)
Other Support
+ FertilSafe PLUS (lubricant)
+ FertilMate (cooling patches)
Information
Pregnancy
Postnatal
Tools
Articles
Where To Buy
Contact
Home
for all couples trying to conceive
© 2020 babystart Ltd. Registered in England.
Company number 06789798.
Privacy Policy
Term & Conditions
info@babystart.co.uk / 0333 222 6700
Babystart Ltd. Research & Innovation Centre,
Finch Close, Nottingham, NG7 2NN
Created by
© 2020
Translate »
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkRead more