http://balanceandpower.com/privacy-policy.php
Click +1 if you like this page
Privacy Policy
Balance & Power Privacy Policy
www.balanceandpower.com
Your Data is secure, and not sold or used for any purpose other than the emails I send you with free resources, recordings, announcements and relevant upcoming events, and our scheduled or agreed-upon contact.
What kinds of data I have:
If you're a subscriber, I have your name, email, city and state.
If you're a client, I have your phone #, Online contact, email address and emails you've sent me.
What I do with the data:
I use the email addresses to contact you with relevant notices, free resources and announcements or relevant invitations.
I do not share your name, email or phone number:
The Balance & Power privacy policy keeps your information safe and secure. I will never sell, rent, give, or divulge your email information to anyone.
Share with Third Parties:
We may share your information with trusted third parties such as our newsletter provider in order to contact you via email, our merchant accounts to process payments, and Google / social media accounts in order to run advertisements and our affiliates.
How you can manage your subscription:
Whenever I send out my newsletter, there is an Unsubscribe button at the bottom of the mailer.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at: eileen@balanceandpower.com
Last Updated: May 2018
Home
Events
eBooks/Products
Success & Career Coaching
Work Life Integration For Female Executivesincluding Mompreneurs
C-Level Executive Coaching
Anger Management
Stress Management
EFT
Workshops
School Programs for Faculty, Parents & Studentsincluding Anti Bullying
Parenting Skills ProgramParent-Centered Coaching
Meet Eileen
Media, News & More
Eileen'sBalance & Power Blog
Links & Resources
Testimonials &Success Stories
Video
Contact
Subscribe to the
Balance & Power Newsletter
Subscribe Now and Instantly
Receive Eileen's Most
Popular PDF FREE:
Quotes To Motivate & Inspire
Sign Up Here to Find OutAbout Long Island  NYC Metro Events!
Webinars, Teleclasses,
News & Blogs
Balance & Power
FREE CONSULTATION
FREE 20 Minute Phone Consultation
Free
"Strategy Session"
in which we will examine the
top stressors in your life
and see how to transform them.
No Obligation
(516) 623-4353
SOAR! with Resilience®
"SOAR! with Resilience®
The Interactive Book for
Overcoming Obstacles & Achieving Success"
By Eileen Lichtenstein
ORDER NOW
Available as eBook or Hard Copy
Sitemap | Privacy Policy
Uniondale, Westbury, Nassau County LI, NY 11556
Copyright © 2020 - Balance & Power®
Eileen Lichtenstein, MS. Ed.
516.623.4353
info@balanceandpower.com