https://banjoteacher.com/banjoteacher-com-copyright-and-privacy-policy
Home>BanjoTeacher.com Copyright and Privacy Policy
Banjoteacher Menu
»  Banjo Instruction
»  Banjo Book/CD/DVD Discounts
»  Banjos on Sale
»  Banjo Supplies
»  Online Lessons
»  Ross Nickerson Bio
»  Reviews
»  Banjo Workhops/Events
»  Free Resources
»  What's on Sale
»  Online Group Banjo Lessons
Information
About Us -BanjoTeacher
FAQ
Secure payment
Legal and Privacy Policy Page
Last Product Reviews
Goodtime Artisan Junior Banjo - Travel and Kid Size Banjo
Ross, just want to thank you for all of your help with the Deering Good Time Artisan Junior I ordere ...
(5 reviews)
Goldtone AC-1 Beginner Banjo
Thank you, Ross! The banjo sounds great and it looks like it’s built well. Very happy with the ...
(3 reviews)
GOLD Members Lesson Site -3 Year Subscription
Thanks for all you have done for me. I did navigate around and got into my free Gold Member account ...
(3 reviews)
Recording King RK-R36
Greetings, my RK36 has been delivered safe and sound to my address here in New Zealand, nine days to ...
(13 reviews)
GOLD Members Lesson Site -3 Year Subscription
Kathy - Thank you so much! I have downloaded the zip of the ebook and music and am looking it over n ...
(3 reviews)
Deering Banjo - Goodtime 1 - Free Beginner Package and Official Deering Case
Hi Ross, Just wanted to let you know I received everything on Wednesday. The Goodtime sounds and fee ...
(8 reviews)
Nechville - Zeus Heli-Mount Banjo
This is my first Nechville--what an excellent instrument! My first reaction was "this is easier to p ...
(1 review)
View All Reviews CopyrightIt is against the law to LIFT information, written content, images, videos and any other information created by BanjoTeacher.com and Ross Nickerson without express written or verbal permission. While we are all witnessing the boundaries people keep in the world continue to erode especially on the internet, that doesn't mean its ok.Privacy PolicyWe respect and protect the privacy of the individuals who use Banjoteacher.com (“the Site”).We will never disclose any information collected by the Site to any third party except as required by a valid legal process such as a search warrant, subpoena, statute, or court order (“Legal Process”).  Information collected through your use of the Site is for the sole purpose of facilitating or improving our business relationship with you.In order to conduct business with you, we may provide information to a bank, credit card processor, or other entity necessary to the successful completion of a transaction.  Information collected in the course of the transaction will only be provided to a third party when you have knowingly and willingly entered into a business transaction through the Site. All Transactions are SSL secured and encrypted. Transactions are either processed by Authorize.Net. or Paypal.The Site and CookiesThe Site may send cookies to your computer. A cookie is a piece of data that identifies you as a unique user or controls certain aspects of the operation of the Site. We will never disclose cookies to third parties except as required by a Legal Process.Most browsers allow you to control how cookies are handled and are initially set up to accept cookies. Your browser may allow you to refuse all cookies or to alert you when a cookie is being sent. Please be aware that some parts of the Site may not function properly if you refuse cookies.What Information Do We Collect?We do not collect any unique information about you (such as your name, email address, etc.) except when you specifically and knowingly provide such information. We may note and save technical information such as time of day, browser type, browser language, etc. We use this information to statistically track customer usage and assure proper operation of the site.Do We Share Information? We do not share or sell information about you with any third party.If our Site or business is sold to another party, some or all of the assets of the business operation, which may include  information we have collected in the conduct of that business, will be passed on to the new owner.  We will make every effort to have the new owner comply with our policies regarding the use of such information, but we cannot guarantee such compliance.Links to Other SitesFrom time to time, we may place links on the Site.  Links are a convenience that allow you to navigate to another site on the World Wide Web (“External Site”) simply by clicking the link. We exercise no control over the External Site displayed as a result of clicking such a link and we are not responsible for the behavior or content of External Sites.Our Privacy Policy does not extend to External Sites.  Please consult the privacy policies of External Sites for details.If there is any problem with a link to an External Site, please notify us.
Recently Viewed
No productsQR code
Shopping cart
No products
To be determined
Shipping
$0.00 Total
Close
Check out Menu
More products »
Open and Shipping Instruction   Beginner Banjo Players Song Books Banjo Tabs Banjo Technique
DVD DOWNLOADS STREAMING LESSONS E-Books You Download Banjo Lesson DVDs Discounts and Free Shipping Intermediate Banjo Lessons Backup Band Play Along Advanced Banjo Banjo CDs MP3s JD Crowe Tab Books Banjo Songs Made Easy Old Time, Frailing, Clawhammer Other Banjo Instructors Tenor and Plectrum Irish Tenor Books and DVDs Learn Beginner Banjo Chords
Guitar Books/CDs/DVDs Dobro Instruction Mandolin Books/DVDs Supplies   Banjo Bridge Banjo Straps Banjo Picks Banjo Parts Banjo Tuner Banjo Capo Metronomes Banjo Pegs Banjo Mutes Banjo Stands Replace Strings Banjo Armrest Banjo Tailpieces Banjo Cases Heads and Tools Banjo Pickups
Banjo Set Up Slow it Down Software Tone Rings Tone Enhancer Music Stands Zero Glide Nut System Banjos   Beginner Banjo Kits Bluegrass Banjos - All Deering Goodtime Open Back Banjos Alternative Banjos Ross Recommends Travel Banjos Electric Banjos 4-string Banjos Banjo Ukes, Banjolele 6-String Banjos Shop By Brand Rickard Resophonic 5-String Guitar Banjo Banjo Sales FAQ Resophonic Banjos Kits - Build a Banjo Mandolins Dobros Used Banjos, Vintage Learn Online Lesson Site Cruise   Banjo Cruise Information Homepage Ross Nickerson Banjo Workshops Banjo Safari Playing By Ear Banjo Workshops with Ross Nickerson St Pete Beach Banjo Camp - Annual Ross Nickerson Banjo Workshop Nova Scotia Banjo CampThe Banjo CruiseThe Banjo CruiseThe Banjo Cruise Workshop is held in a large private conference room that is essentially sound proof and separate from all other passengers. The workshop takes place during the days we are at sea so you can visit all ports and still have plenty of time for fun with your spouse, family or friends while on the cruise. The class sizes are small ensuring that each student receives the assistance and encouragement they need.ST Pete Banjo CampST Pete Beach Banjo Camp Annual Banjo Workshop weekend in Sunny St Pete Beach Florida! The Academy of Performance Arts with Ross NickersonBanjo camp seminar and group banjo lesson workshop in the USA for bluegrass 5-string banjo in Florida at sunny St Pete Beach. This is an annual Florida banjo event and held during the winter months for locals,winter residents and students who want to escape the cold while improving their banjo playing, and having fun doing it.The Banjo SafariThe Banjo Safari Join me for an unforgettable once-in-a-lifetime experience traveling to Africa for an African Photo Safari. I am to be teaming up with our professional Safari guides Kevin and Tricia Dooley on an adventure that none of us will forget. We'll spend our mornings and late afternoons exploring the wildlife of South Africa, and the mid day will be filled with a banjo workshop that should be fun and rewarding. Resources  Banjo BlogBanjoTeacher.com has been at the forefront of banjo instruction since 2001. In the last 15 years we have helped thousands of people learn to play the banjo online. Our experienced advice and service comes from someone who really cares about your progress.Banjo Demo VideosBanjo Demo Videos for Goldtone Banjos, Recording King, Goldstar, Nechville, Deering. Savannah and Morgan Monroe. See the banjos closeup and hear different models so you can compare better.  Most videos include descriptions too. We are adding new videos all the time.Banjo ReviewsBanjo Reviews for Goldtone Banjos, Recording King Banjos, Morgan Monroe, Electric banjos, six string banjos, bluegrass banjos, clawhammer banjos, travel banjos banjo ukes, 4-string banjos and the many banjos we service and carry. Read reviews from banjo sales in the US, Europe, Canada and Australia.Ask RossQuestions and answers to student questions and emails. While reading these you should be able to see many questions you have had as well. The answers should be helpful and the questions you read will remind you that you are not alone out there! Email Ross
with a question. Contact-usReviewsTestimonials, reviews and comments from customers. Read reviews about our Banjo Books, DVDs, Banjo CDs, Banjo Lessons Online The Banjo Encyclopedia, Banjo Camps and Workshops Banjos on Sale , Banjo Accessories Customer Service and Customer Satisfaction. Free Banjo VideosFree Banjo Videos and Banjo Lessons from Banjo Master and Teacher, Ross Nickerson. Performance videos including El Cumbanchero, I'll Fly Away, Cherokee Shuffle, Cluck Old Hen, Little Martha and Ross Nickerson with X-Train.Banjo Instructor List The BanjoTeacher.com Banjo Teachers Directory is for both students and teachers. Students please use this free service to find a banjo teacher near you, banjo teachers please help me build the list! BanjoTeachers submit your name to our Banjo Teacher ListMore Resources Click over to our banjo resources pages and see sample videos, video performances, more articles, hear MP3', banjo tablatures and our banjo teacher list for the US, Canada, UK, Europe and Australia. We want you to keep improving and your appreciation and support means a lot to us.
Welcome
Login
Left Top
Viewed 0
QR code
Cart 0