https://barlowstackle.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect? We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter or request a catalog. When ordering or registering on our site, you may be asked to enter your name, e-mail address, mailing/billing address and/or phone number as appropriate. You may also, however, visit our site anonymously and place orders as a guest if you prefer that we not retain your personal information.
How do we use your information? The information we collect from you may be used to:
Personalize your customer experience
Improve our website and product offerings
Improve our service
Process transactions
Communicate information regarding any orders you place with us
Communicate relevant news, product information, and other offers, either via email or through mailings to your address
Your personal information, whether public or private, will not be shared, sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to other companies for any reason whatsoever without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering purchased products or services.
We may, however, from time to time, share your fishing stories with our friends, families, and any random strangers we happen to meet. We reserve the right to embellish these stories as necessary to ensure the above-mentioned individuals are sufficiently impressed.
How do we protect your information? We are committed to ensuring your sensitive/payment information is secure. When you are ready to complete your order, all supplied sensitive/payment information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL).
How do we use cookies? We use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart, and to provide a superior shopping experience. Cookies must be enabled within your web browser settings to order from our site.
How do we use JavaScript? We use JavaScript to add interactive effects in a web browser. A large majority of our order submission process, including adding items to your shopping cart, removing them from your cart, and order checkout require JavaScript in order to function. JavaScript must be enabled within your web browser to order from our site.
Online Privacy Policy Only This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent By using our site, you consent to our website's privacy policy. You also consent to taking us fishing should we ever be in your neck of the woods. Actually, you don't have to take us fishing, but we sure wouldn't turn you down if you offered.
Changes to our Privacy Policy Changes to our privacy policy will be posted to this page. This policy was last modified on March 31, 2017.
Contact Us If you have any questions regarding this privacy policy, please contact us goodfishing@barlowstackle.com.
×