https://basementlighting.com/about-us/terms-and-conditions/
Terms and conditions
The grow shop for all your growroom essentials
Basement LightingAbout UsTerms and conditions
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how Basement Lighting Ltd. uses and protects any information that you give when you use this website. Basement Lighting Ltd. is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. Basement Lighting Ltd. may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from January 1st 2018.
Credit card information
We do not store credit card details nor do we share financial details with any 3rd parties.
GDPR Statement
By providing your contact details at checkout and checking the box to confirm you agree to terms and conditions of trade as outlined by this document, you are giving explicit consent that we may use the data you provide to contact you with regard to the sale and for the delivery of your order. Your data will be securely stored and not shared with third parties for any reason, nor will it be used for any purpose other than required in the sale and delivery of your order, or for any purpose not directly related to that sale. If you do not agree to these terms, then please don't browse the web site.
This Privacy Policy applies only to your use of Our Site. Our Site may contain links to other websites. Please note that We have no control over how your data is collected, stored, or used by other websites and We advise you to check the privacy policies of any such websites before providing any data to them. If you have any cause for complaint about Our use of your personal data, please contact Us using the details provided on our contact page and We will do Our best to solve the problem for you. If We are unable to help, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with the UK’s supervisory authority, the Information Commissioner’s Office.
All personal data is processed and stored securely, for no longer than is necessary in light of the reason(s) for which it was first collected. We will comply with Our obligations and safeguard your rights under the Data Protection Act 1998 AND GDPR at all times.
We may compile statistics about the use of Our Site including data on traffic, usage patterns, user numbers, sales, and other information. All such data will be anonymised and will not include any personally identifying data, or any anonymised data that can be combined with other data and used to identify you. We may from time to time share such data with third parties such as prospective investors, affiliates, partners, and advertisers. Data will only be shared and used within the bounds of the law.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
Name.
Contact information including email address.
Demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests.
Other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers.
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping
We may use the information to improve our products and services. We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided. From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies:
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
How Can You Access Your Data?
You have the right to ask for a copy of any of your personal data held by Us (where such data is held). Under the Data Protection Act 1998, We require the payment of a small fee which will not exceed £5 OR Under the GDPR, no fee is payable and We will provide any and all information in response to your request free of charge. Please contact Us for more details at info@basementlighting.com, or using the contact details found on our contact page.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at info@basementlighting.com
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please contact us.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Web site disclaimer on colour, finish and on screen representation
The information contained in this website is for general information purposes only. The information is provided by Basement Lighting Ltd. and whilst we endeavour to keep the information up to date and correct, we make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability or availability with respect to the website or the information, products, services, or related graphics contained on the website for any purpose. Any reliance you place on such information is therefore strictly at your own risk.
Through this website you are able to link to other websites which are not under the control of Basement Lighting Ltd.. We have no control over the nature, content and availability of those sites. The inclusion of any links does not necessarily imply a recommendation or endorse the views expressed within them.
Every effort is made to keep the website up and running smoothly. However, Basement Lighting Ltd. takes no responsibility for, and will not be liable for, the website being temporarily unavailable due to technical issues beyond our control.
Copyright notice
This website and its content is copyright of BASEMENT LIGHTING LIMITED – ©2018 Basement Lighting Ltd. All rights reserved. Any redistribution or reproduction of part or all of the contents in any form is prohibited other than the following:
You may print or download to a local hard disk extracts for your personal and non-commercial use only. You may copy the content to individual third parties for their personal use, but only if you acknowledge the website as the source of the material. You may not, except with our express written permission, distribute or commercially exploit the content. Nor may you transmit it or store it in any other website or other form of electronic retrieval system.
Who are we?
This web site is operated by Basement Lighting Ltd., Company Registration No. 04418462 VAT Registration No. 813834923 Registered offices: Unit 3 The Old Maltings, George Street, Newark, Nottinghamshire NG24 1LU. Telephone 01636 650 189 or email info@basementlighting.com
Returns and Refunds
Returns are processed only by prior agreement.
Please contact us by email or telephone if you wish to discuss any aspect of your order, or if you have recieved incorrect or faulty goods.
It is our policy to repair any faulty or damaged goods if they are returned in accordance with our warranty/guarantee.
Faulty goods can be returned within 12 months from purchase for repair, replacement or refund. Please send goods back to Basement LIghting Ltd, Unit 3, The Old Maltings, George Street, Newark, Notts NG24 1LU. Please include your name, address, phone number and reason for return in your parcel and make sure products are well packaged as any items received back damaged in transit cannot be refunded and must be claimed for from the postal service used by yourself.
Alternatively, at our option, instead of a repair (and subject to returning the goods as required) we will replace the goods with the same or a similar product (subject to stock availability).
Where a return is accepted
We will provide you with details of where you must return the goods and other relevant instructions. You must then immediately return the goods to us at your own cost and risk. We reserve the right, at our option, to collect the goods from you. If we wish to collect the goods we will notify you of when they will be collected by us. We will charge you for the cost of collecting the goods and will deduct this from any sum owed by us to you.
The goods must be returned to us in the same condition in which you received them until such time as the goods are either collected by us or delivered back to us by you. You must return the goods with its original packaging and the receipt. You have a legal obligation to take reasonable care of the goods whilst they are in your possession. If you fail to comply with this obligation, we may have a right of action against you for compensation.
Have Any Questions?
Get in touch with us
Cart
No products in the cart.
Checkout
-
£0.00
0
1
By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. more information AcceptThe cookie settings on this website are set to "allow cookies" to give you the best browsing experience possible. If you continue to use this website without changing your cookie settings or you click "Accept" below then you are consenting to this.Close