http://bellbrush.com/terms
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
1 ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS
1.1 Your access to and use of Bell Hygiene ("the Website") and any
Services referred to in Clause 2, is subject exclusively to these Terms and
Conditions. You will not use the Website/Services for any purpose that is
unlawful or prohibited by these Terms and Conditions. By using the
Website/Services you are fully accepting the terms, conditions and disclaimers
contained in this notice. If you do not accept these Terms and Conditions you
must immediately stop using the Website/Services.
1.2 We reserve the right to update or amend these Terms and Conditions at any
time and your continued use of the Website/Services following any changes shall
be deemed to be your acceptance of such change. It is therefore your
responsibility to check the Terms and Conditions regularly for any changes.
2 THE SERVICES
The Website may provide communication tools such as email, bulletin boards,
chat areas, news groups, forums and/or other message or communication facilities
("the Services") designed to enable you to communicate with others. Unless
stated otherwise the Services are for your personal and non-commercial use only.
3 CHILD SUPERVISION
We are concerned about the safety and privacy of our users, particularly
children. Parents who wish to allow their children access to and use of the
Website/Services should supervise such access and use. By allowing your child
access to the Services you are allowing your child access to all of the
Services, including email, bulletin boards, chat areas, news groups, forums
and/or other message or communication facilities. It is therefore your
responsibility to determine which Services are appropriate for your child.
Always use caution when revealing personally identifiable information about
yourself or your children via any of the Services.
4 PRIVACY POLICY
4.1 We are committed to responsible data management and subscribe to the
principals of the data protection legislation in the United Kingdom . We are
committed to maintaining the privacy of our users and maintaining the security
of any personal information received from you. If you register for any of the
Services you will be asked to provide basic personal information. The
information provided by you is not available for sale or use by third parties.
The information is used solely for notifying you of changes or updates to the
Website/Services.
4.2 We use a technology called "cookies" as part of our normal business
procedure to track patterns of behaviour of visitors to the Website. A cookie is
an element of data that the Website sends to your browser that is then stored on
your system. You can set your browser to prevent this happening. Any information
collected in this way can be used to identify you unless you change your browser
settings.
5 USER ACCOUNT, PASSWORD AND SECURITY
If a particular Service requires you to open an account you will be required
to complete the registration process by providing certain information and
registering a username and password for use with that Service. You are
responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the username and password and
also for all activities which take place under your account. You agree to
immediately notify us of any unauthorised use of your password or account or any
other breach of security. In no event will Bell Hygiene be liable for any
indirect or consequential loss or damage whatsoever resulting from the
disclosure of your username and/or password. You may not use another person's
account at any time, without the express permission of the account holder.
6 ACCEPTABLE USE
6.1 You acknowledge that all information, text, graphics, logos, photographs,
images, moving images, sound, illustrations and other materials ("the Content"),
whether posted publicly or transmitted privately, are the sole responsibility of
the person from whom such Content originated. We do not control or endorse the
Content and cannot guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality of such Content
and you acknowledge that by using the Services you may be exposed to Content
that is offensive and/or indecent. Bell Hygiene will not be liable in any
way for any Content or for any loss or damage of any kind resulting from the use
of any Content transmitted via the Services and you agree to bear all risks
associated with the use of any Content, including any reliance on the accuracy
or completeness of such Content.
6.2 In using the Website/Services you agree not to:
6.2.1 use the Services to send junk email, spam, chain letters, pyramid
schemes or any other unsolicited messages, commercial or otherwise;
6.2.2 post , publish, distribute or disseminate material or information that
is defamatory, infringing, obscene, indecent, threatening, abusive, harassing or
unlawful;
6.2.3 post, publish, distribute or disseminate material or information that
incites discrimination, hate or violence towards any person or group on account
of their race, religion, disability, nationality or otherwise;
6.2.4 threaten , abuse, disrupt, stalk or otherwise violate the legal rights
(including rights of privacy and publicity) of others;
6.2.5 use any information or material in any manner that infringes any
copyright, trademark, patent or other proprietary right of any party;
6.2.6 make available or upload files that contain a virus, worm, trojan or
corrupt data that may damage the operation of the computer or property of
another;
6.2.7 collect or store personal information about others, including email
addresses;
6.2.8 advertise or offer to buy or sell goods or services for any commercial
purpose, unless such communication facility specifically allows such messages;
6.2.9 impersonate any person or entity for the purpose of misleading others;
6.2.10 violate any applicable laws or regulations;
6.2.11 use the Website/Services in any manner that could damage, disable,
overburden or impair the Website/Services or interfere with any other party's
use and enjoyment of the Website/Services;
6.2.12 post, publish, distribute or disseminate material or information that
you do not have a right to transmit under any law or under contractual or
fiduciary relationships (such as inside information or confidential information
disclosed in the course of employment or under a confidentiality agreement);
6.2.13 attempt to gain unauthorised access to any of the Services, other
accounts, computer systems or networks connected to the Website/Services through
hacking, password mining or any other means.
6.3 We have no obligation to monitor the Services but shall be entitled to
review materials posted to a communications facility and, at our sole
discretion, to remove any material that breaches these Terms and Conditions or
is otherwise objectionable.
7 TERMINATION
We have the right to terminate your access to any or all of the Services at
any time, without notice, for any reason, including without limitation, breach
of these Terms and Conditions. We may also at any time, at our sole discretion,
discontinue the Website/Services or any part thereof without prior notice and
you agree that we shall not be liable to you or any third party for any
termination of your access to the Website/Services.
8 LINKS TO THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
The Website/Services may include links to third party websites that are
controlled and maintained by others. Any link to other websites is not an
endorsement of such websites and you acknowledge and agree that
Bell Hygiene is not responsible for the content or availability of any
such sites.
9 INTERNATIONAL USE
You agree to comply with all applicable laws regarding the transmission of
technical data exported from the United Kingdom or the country in which you
reside (if different) and with all local laws and rules regarding acceptable use
of and conduct on the Internet.
10 INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
10.1 The Website and its content (including without limitation the Website
design, text, graphics and all software and source codes connected with the
Website and the Services) are protected by copyright, trade marks, patents and
other intellectual property rights and laws. In accessing the Website you agree
that you will access the contents solely for your personal, non-commercial use.
None of the content may be downloaded, copied, reproduced, transmitted, stored,
sold or distributed without the prior written consent of the copyright holder.
This excludes the downloading, copying and/or printing of pages of the Website
for personal, non-commercial home use only.
10.2 Bell Hygiene does not claim ownership of any materials you post,
upload or submit to any publicly accessible area of the Services. However, by
doing so you are granting us a world-wide, royalty free, non-exclusive licence
to copy, distribute, transmit, reproduce, publicly display, edit, translate or
publish such Content for as long as you elect to display such Content via the
Services. The licence shall be terminated when such Content is deleted from the
Services.
11 INDEMNITY
You agree to indemnify and hold Bell Hygiene harmless from and against
any breach by you of these Terms and Conditions and any claim or demand brought
against Bell Hygiene by any third party arising out of your use of the
Services and/or any Content submitted, posted or transmitted through the
Services, including without limitation, all claims, actions, proceedings,
losses, liabilities, damages, costs, expenses (including reasonable legal costs
and expenses) howsoever suffered or incurred by Bell Hygiene in
consequence of your breach of these Terms and Conditions.
12 DISCLAIMERS AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
12.1 Use of the Website/Services is at your own risk. The Website/Services
are provided on an "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" basis without any representation
or endorsement made and without warranty of any kind whether express or implied,
including but not limited to the implied warranties of satisfactory quality,
fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, compatibility, security and
accuracy.
12.2 To the extent permitted by law, Bell Hygiene will not be liable
for any indirect or consequential loss or damage whatsoever (including without
limitation loss of business, opportunity, data, profits) arising out of or in
connection with the use of the Website/Services.
12.3 Bell Hygiene makes no warranty that the Website/Services will
meet your requirements, that Content will be accurate or reliable, that the
functionality of the Website/Services will be uninterrupted or error free, that
defects will be corrected or that the Website/Services or the server that makes
them available are free of viruses or anything else which may be harmful or
destructive.
12.4 Nothing in these Terms and Conditions shall be construed so as to
exclude or limit the liability of Bell Hygiene for death or personal
injury as a result of the negligence of Bell Hygiene .
12.5 Nothing in these Terms and Conditions shall affect your statutory rights
as a consumer.
13 SEVERANCE
If any of these Terms and Conditions should be determined to be invalid,
illegal or unenforceable for any reason by any court of competent jurisdiction
then such Term or Condition shall be severed and the remaining Terms and
Conditions shall survive and remain in full force and effect and continue to be
binding and enforceable.
14 GOVERNING LAW
These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance
with the law of England and you hereby submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of
the English courts.
v