https://bellevillehobby.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Information We Collect & Share
We collect personal identifiable information from all registered users. Users are known through the site by their User Id. Belleville Wholesale Hobby also collects server log information like IP Address, Referral Links, and Belleville Wholesale Hobby Cookie files. This policy does not cover practices for any third party links or affiliates. Belleville Wholesale Hobby will not sell or give your information to any third parties without your consent. Belleville Wholesale Hobby may send personally identifiable information about you to other companies or people when:
We respond to any legal proceedings.
We have your consent to share the information;
We need to send the information to provide a product or service to you.
Cookies
Belleville Wholesale Hobby may set and and access cookies on your computer. Advertisers’ and third party’ use of cookies are subject to their own privacy policies, and not that of Belleville Wholesale Hobby.
How the information is used
Belleville Wholesale Hobby will use cookie Access your information when you “e;sign in,”e; so that we can provide you with customized preferences. Belleville Wholesale Hobby will use cookie Access your information to keep track of preferences you specify while you are using Belleville Wholesale Hobby services.
User Preference Control
Belleville Wholesale Hobby offer you the ability to edit your User Profile and User preferences at any time. Belleville Wholesale Hobby offer you the ability delete your account and private information at any time.
Security
Belleville Wholesale Hobby uses industry-standard SSL-encryption to protect your private information in all areas involving electronic commerce. Belleville Wholesale Hobby offers password-protected accounts for your privacy and security.
Disputes & Discrepancies
Disputes between you and Belleville Wholesale Hobby may be reported to our Customer Service Department. We encourage you to report all trader to trader disputes to our Customer Service Department. It is your responsibility to report disputes to your local law enforcement, postmaster general, or any third party mediator of your choice. All disputes will be resolved in St. Clair County, Illinois.
1944 Llewellyn Road
Belleville, Illinois 62223-7904
phone (618) 398-3972
fax (618) 398-3477
0My Account
View Cart