http://bendingerbrothers.com/privacy-policy.cfm
×
Select a Camp Store
Make your selections below to get started.
Camp:
Select a camp
Camp Wawenock
Camp Riva Lake
General Camp Store
Camp Mont Shenandoah
Role:
Select a role
Male Camper or Alumnus
Female Camper or Alumna
Counselor
Submit
×
This item has been successfully added:
Color:
Size:
Qty:
Continue Shopping
Checkout
Bendinger Brothers
Privacy Policy
Bendinger Inc. and is affiliates including Bendinger Brothers is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
This Privacy Policy provides an explanation as to what happens to any personal data that you provide to us, or that we collect from you. We may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from June 2012.
Information We Collect
Details of your visits to our website and the resources that you access, including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data.
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our website, such as when you signup to our newsletter, register for information or make a purchase.
Information provided to us when you communicate with us for any reason.
Use of Cookies
On occasion, we may gather information about your computer for our services and to provide statistical information regarding the use of our website. Such information will not identify you personally it is statistical data about our visitors and their use of our site. This statistical data does not identify any personal details whatsoever.
Similarly to the above, we may gather information about your general internet use by using a cookie file. A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
All computers have the ability to automatically accept or decline cookies. This can be done by activating the setting on your browser which determines how to deal with cookies. Please note that should you choose to decline cookies, you may be unable to access particular parts of our website.
Use of Your Information
The information that we collect and store relating to you is primarily used to enable us to provide our services to you. In addition, we may use the information for the following purposes:
To provide you with information requested from us, relating to our products or services.
To provide information on other products which we feel may be of interest to you, where you have consented to receive such information.
To meet our contractual commitments to you.
To notify you about any changes to our website, such as improvements or service/product changes, that may affect our service.
If you are an existing customer, we may contact you with information about goods and services similar to those which were the subject of a previous sale to you. Further, we may use your data so that you can be provided with information about unrelated goods and services which we consider may be of interest to you. We may contact you about these goods and services by any of the methods that you consented at the time your information was collected.
If you are a new customer, we will only contact you or allow third parties to contact you only when you have provided consent and only by those means you provided consent for.
If you do not want us to use your data for our or third parties you will have the opportunity to withhold your consent to this when you provide your details to us on the form on which we collect your data. Please be advised that we do not reveal information about identifiable individuals to our advertisers but we may, on occasion, provide them with aggregate statistical information about our visitors.
Storing Your Personal Data
Data that is provided to us is stored on secure servers. Details relating to any transactions entered into on our site will be encrypted to ensure its safety. The transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure and therefore we cannot guarantee the security of data sent to us electronically and transmission of such data is therefore entirely at your own risk. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password so that you can access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential.
Disclosing Your Information
Where applicable, we may disclose your personal information to any member of our group. This includes, where applicable, our subsidiaries and related entities (if any).
We may also disclose your personal information to third parties:
Where we sell any or all of our business and/or our assets to a third party.
Where we are legally required to disclose your information.
To assist fraud protection and minimize credit risk.
Third Party Links
You might find links to third party websites on our website. These websites should have their own privacy policies which you should check. We do not accept any responsibility or liability for their policies whatsoever as we have no control over them.
Access To Information
Should you wish to receive details that we hold about you please contact us using the contact details below.
Contacting Us
We welcome any queries, comments or requests you may have regarding this Privacy Policy. Please do not hesitate to contact us at info@bendingerbrothers.com or Bendinger Brothers, 4110 Butler Pike, Building A-101A, Plymouth Meeting, PA 19462.
Your Consent
By using this site, you consent to the collection and use of information as outlined in the above documentation. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
Our Camp Line Includes
Long- and short-sleeved t-shirts
Hooded and crewneck sweatshirts
Sweatpants
Fleece jackets
Blankets
Flannel bottoms
Shorts
Accessories
We Are Here to Help
Bendinger Brothers Camp Clothing is committed to making the process of buying your camp uniforms quick and easy. You can count on us for quality, value, prompt delivery, and unparalleled service.
Learn More
Mail
4110 Butler Pike
Building A101A
Plymouth Meeting, PA 19462
Call
Phone:
484-342-3522
800-385-6995
Fax:
484-342-3529
HOURS
Monday through Friday
9:00 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. EST
E-mail
campclothes@bendingerinc.com
×
Newsletter Sign-Up
Thanks for signing up!
Sign up for our newsletter to get interesting news and updates delivered to your inbox.
Email Address
First Name
Last Name
Camp
Sign Up
By submitting this form, you are granting: Bendinger Inc., 4110 Butler Pike, Plymouth Meeting, Pennsylvania, 19462, United States,
permission to email you. You may unsubscribe via the link found at the bottom of every email.
(See our Email Privacy Policy for details.) Emails are serviced by Constant Contact.