https://bestartshop.com/privacy-policy/
Who we are
Our website address is: https://bestartshop.com.
This Privacy Policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you visit or make a purchase from bestartshop.com (the “Site”).
Each time you visit the site, you consent to the collection, use, disclosure, and processing of Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. In particular, if you are located in a jurisdiction outside the United States, you consent to the transfer of your Personal Information to our servers and computer systems anywhere in the world, including to countries that may not provide an equivalent level of data protection to the laws in your home jurisdiction. If you provide any Personal Information that relates to another person you hereby state and agree that you have obtained proper consent from such person for the use, disclosure, and processing of such Personal Information as described in this Privacy Policy.
Personal Information We Collect
When you visit the Site, the site may passively collect certain kinds of information that reveal the frequency with which you visit the site, the times and dates of your visits, the pages you reviewed, persons with whom you interact and other information. Information is passively collected through various means. We use Internet protocol (IP) addresses to administer the site. We use navigational data, including log files and transmission data, to identify information about your web browser and operating system, the time period in which you visit the site or a portion of the site and other the site members with whom you collaborate. We also use a third-party tracking service that uses tracking technologies to track non-personally identifiable information about visitors to our site in the aggregate. This information is used to administer the site, report usage metrics and otherwise operate and improve the site content. We call this information “Device Information”.
We collect Device Information using the following technologies:– “Cookies” are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier. For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org.– “Log files” track actions occurring on the Site, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.– “Web beacons”, “tags”, and “pixels” are electronic files used to record information about how you browse the Site.
When you make a purchase or attempt to make a purchase through the Site, we collect certain information from you, including your name, billing address, shipping address, payment information (including credit card numbers), email address, and phone number. We refer to this information as “Order Information”.
The site actively collects Personal Information from you when you register with the site, when you send any e-mail to the site administrator, and when you submit any information to the site.
The kinds of Personal Information you may provide include your name, contact information including e-mail address, user ID, and other information that you include in any communication or submission. We may use this Personal Information to register you with the site, to respond to your inquiry or the issue you pose to the site administrator, to post your submissions to the site and to provide information to others regarding your use of the site.
We may also use Personal Information to notify you about products and services that may be of interest to you. If you wish to subscribe to our newsletter, we will use your name and email address to send the newsletter to you. Out of respect for your privacy, we provide you a way to unsubscribe. If you no longer wish to receive our newsletter and promotional communications, you may opt-out of receiving them by following the instructions included in each newsletter or communication or by Contacting Us.
When we talk about “Personal Information” in this Privacy Policy, we are talking both about Personal Information, Device Information and Order Information.
How Do We Use Your Personal Information?
We use the Order Information that we collect generally to fulfill any orders placed through the Site (including processing your payment information, arranging for shipping, and providing you with invoices and/or order confirmations). Additionally, we use this Order Information to:– Communicate with you;– Screen our orders for potential risk or fraud; and– When in line with the preferences you have shared with us, provide you with information or advertising relating to our products or services.
We use the Device Information that we collect to help us screen for potential risk and fraud (in particular, your IP address), and more generally to improve and optimize our Site (for example, by generating analytics about how our
Sharing Your Personal Information
We may disclose Personal Information to third-party service providers performing services on our behalf, including those hosting our servers and providing other technical support services. We use third parties such as a payment processor to bill you for products and a shipping company to ship your order. When you purchase a product, we will share your name, address, credit card details, purchase amount as necessary for the third party to provide that service. When shipping an order, your contact information is passed to our shipping partner for the purpose of calculating postage, purchasing a shipping label, and tracking shipments. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any other purposes. We also use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use the Site — you can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/. You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
If you opt into our newsletter or register for an account on the site your name and email address will be shared with our newsletter email provider (Mailchimp.com). If you would like to opt out of receiving these newsletters you can unsubscribe or Contact Us. If you would like to have your information removed from their system, you can Contact Us or Mailchimp (https://mailchimp.com). You can view MailChimp’s privacy policy here: https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/
What to Paint Ltd does not share, sell, rent, or trade Personal Information with third parties for their promotional purposes. We may disclose or transfer Personal Information (and any related information) as necessary or appropriate: to process orders; to protect the security of the site; to protect ourselves and our affiliated companies against liability; to protect our customers; to respond to subpoenas, judicial processes, or legitimate requests by law enforcement officials; if we believe in good faith that the law requires it; to the purchaser in connection with any sale, assignment, or other transfer of all or a part of our business or company; or where we believe in good faith that it is in the interest of the health, safety or protection of any third party. In any of these situations, the recipient of the Personal Information may be located in the United States or another jurisdiction that may not provide an equivalent level of data protection to the laws in your home jurisdiction.
If you contribute to a blog, forum or review products on this website, you should be aware that this information is publically visible. Any personally identifiable information you submit there can be read, collected, or used by other users of these forums, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in these forums.
Behavioural Advertising
As described above, we use your Personal Information to provide you with targeted advertisements, retargeted advetisements or marketing communications we believe may be of interest to you. For more information about how targeted advertising works, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s (“NAI”) educational page at http://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising/how-does-it-work.
You can opt out of targeted advertising by using the links below:– Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=ads– Google: https://www.google.com/settings/ads/anonymous– Bing: https://advertise.bingads.microsoft.com/en-us/resources/policies/personalized-ads
Additionally, you can opt out of some of these services by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out portal at: http://optout.aboutads.info/.
Do Not Track
Please note that we do not alter our Site’s data collection and use practices when we see a Do Not Track signal from your browser.
Links To Other Sites
This website contains links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by What to Paint Ltd. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies only to information collected by this website.
Your Rights
You have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please Contact Us.
Additionally, if you are a European resident we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you (for example if you make an order through the Site), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above. Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe, including to Canada and the United States.
Data Retention
When you place an order through the Site, we will maintain your Order Information for our records indefinitely unless and until you ask us to delete this information.
Security
The security of your personal information is important to us. When you enter sensitive information (such as credit card number and/or social security number) on our registration or order forms, we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). Transmissions over the Internet are however never 100% secure or error-free. As a result, we do not, and cannot, guarantee the security, accuracy, or completeness of Personal Information. However, we do maintain reasonable physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to protect Personal Information against unauthorized disclosure or access.
Changes
We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.
Contact Us
For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please Contact Us