https://bettysoutdoors.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Search
Search for:
Privacy Policy
What Information Do We Collect?
When you visit our Web site you may provide us with two types of information: personal information you knowingly choose to disclose that is collected on an individual basis and Web site use information collected on an aggregate basis as you and others browse our Web site.
1. Personal Information You Choose to Provide
Registration InformationYou will provide us information about yourself, your firm or company, and your practices when you register for certain services, or register for email newsletters and alerts.
Credit Card InformationIf you choose to purchase products or services from us or our partners, you may need to give personal information and authorization to obtain information from various credit services. For example, you may need to provide the following information:
Name
Mailing address
Email address
Credit card number
Home and business phone number
Email InformationIf you choose to correspond with us through email, we may retain the content of your email messages together with your email address and our responses. We provide the same protections for these electronic communications that we employ in the maintenance of information received by mail and telephone.
2. Web Site Use Information
Similar to other commercial Web sites, our Web site utilizes a standard technology called “cookies” (see explanation below, “What Are Cookies?”) and Web server logs to collect information about how our Web site is used. Information gathered through cookies and Web server logs may include the date and time of visits, the pages viewed, time spent at our Web site, and the Web sites visited just before and just after our Web site.
How Do We Use the Information That You Provide to Us?Broadly speaking, we use personal information for purposes of administering our business activities, providing customer service and making available other products and services to our customers and prospective customers. Occasionally, we may also use the information we collect to notify you about important changes to our Web site, new services and special offers we think you will find valuable. You may opt out of our mailings by clicking on the sign in link at the bottom of the page. This will allow you access to the “My Account” section of our website where you may unsubscribe to our mail list in the “Edit My Profile” section.   We may on occasion email information we feel that is critical to those that are not signed up for our mailing list.
What Are Cookies?A cookie is a very small text document, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier. When you visit a Web site, that site’s computer asks your computer for permission to store this file in a part of your hard drive specifically designated for cookies. Each Web site can send its own cookie to your browser if your browser’s preferences allow it, but (to protect your privacy) your browser only permits a Web site to access the cookies it has already sent to you, not the cookies sent to you by other sites.
How Do We Use Information We Collect from Cookies?As you shop on our Web site, the site uses its cookies to differentiate you from other shoppers so your shopping cart is only available to you. In some cases, we also use cookies to prevent you from seeing unnecessary advertisements or requiring you to log in more than is necessary for security. Cookies, in conjunction with our Web server’s log files, allow us to calculate the aggregate number of people visiting our Web site and which parts of the site are most popular. This helps us gather feedback in order to constantly improve our Web site and better serve our customers. Cookies do not allow us to gather any personal information about you and we do not generally store any personal information that you provided to us in your cookies.
IP AddressesIP addresses are used by your computer every time you are connected to the Internet. Your IP address is a number that is used by computers on the network to identify your computer. IP addresses are automatically collected by our web server as part of demographic and profile data known as “traffic data” so that data (such as the Web pages you request) can be sent to you.
ReferrersA Referrer is the information passed along by a web browser that references the Web URL you linked from, and is automatically collected by our web server as “traffic data”. We use traffic data to credit your referral to a partner or affiliate who referred you to our web site. This information by also be used by Betty’s Country Grocery to identify broad demographic trends that may be used to provide information tailored to your interests. You will not be personally identified from this information.
Sharing Information with Outside PartiesWe currently do not provide any personal information to any outside parties other than what is necessary to complete your payment transaction should you make a purchase from us.  We reserve the right to change this in the future without notification.
Notice of New Services and ChangesOccasionally, we may also use the information we collect to notify you about important changes to our Web site, new services and special offers we think you will find valuable. You may opt out of our mailings by clicking on the sign in link at the bottom of the page. This will allow you access to the “My Account” section of our website where you may unsubscribe to our mail list in the “Edit My Profile” section.   We may on occasion email information we feel that is critical to those that are not signed up for our mailing list.
How Do We Protect Your Information and Secure Information Transmissions?Email is not recognized as a secure medium of communication. For this reason, we request that you do not send private information to us by email. Some of the information you may enter on our Web site may be transmitted securely via Secure Sockets Layer SSL, 128 bit encryption services.  Pages utilizing this technology will have URLs that start with HTTPS instead of HTTP. Please contact info@shopbettys.com if you have any questions or concerns.
Employee Access, Training and Expectations.Our corporate values, ethical standards, and practices are committed to the appropriate protection of customer and visitor information. In general, our business practices limit employee access to confidential information, and limit the use and disclosure of such information to authorized persons, processes and transactions.
How Can You Access and Correct Your Information?You may request access to all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain in our database by emailing info@shopbettys.com.
What About Legally Compelled Disclosure of Information?We may disclose information when legally compelled to do so, in other words, when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires it or for the protection of our legal rights.
What About Other Web Sites Linked to Our Web Site?We are not responsible for the practices employed by Web sites linked to or from our Web site nor the information or content contained therein. Often links to other Web sites are provided solely as pointers to information on topics that may be useful to the users of our Web site.
Please remember that when you use a link to go from our Web site to another Web site, our Privacy Policy is no longer in effect. Your browsing and interaction on any other Web site, including Web sites which have a link on our Web site, is subject to that Web site’s own rules and policies. Please read over those rules and policies before proceeding.
Your ConsentBy using our Web site you consent to our collection and use of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy. If we change our privacy policies and procedures, we will post those changes on our Web site to keep you aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we may disclose it.
Contact UsIf you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, the practices of Betty’s Country Grocery, or your dealings with our web site, please contact us at:
Betty’s Country Grocery3701 NC 89 Hwy EWalnut Cove, NC 27052336-591-4848info@shopbettys.com
ModificationModification of Privacy Policy by Betty’s Country Grocery reserves the right to change or update this Privacy Policy at any time by posting a notice that we are changing our Privacy Policy.
Privacy Policy																		©													 2019 Bettys Outdoors. All rights reserved. Site by
| Site by: NVIZION, Inc.
Facebook