https://bettysoutdoors.com/terms-conditions/
Skip to content
Search
Search for:
Terms & Conditions
Store Policies and Terms and Conditions for Betty’s Country Grocery
By using this site you are agreeing to it’s terms and conditions.  You also agree to abide by all applicable state and local laws and regulations.  If you do not agree to these terms and conditions do not use this site.
Shipment
We ship ONLY to the 48 Continental states.  No exceptions.  We ship only via United Parcel Service (UPS). Claims for damaged shipments are to be made with UPS.  If you have any problem with the shipment of a package please contact us.
Payment
We accept credit card payments via PayPal (Visa, Mastercard, Discover, American Express) or you may mail us a money order.  To pay via PayPal you must agree to their user agreement.
Tax
We are required by law to charge 7% sales tax to shipments made to North Carolina addresses.  Shipments outside of NC are not taxed by us but may be subject to taxation or use charges in your home state.  Consult your tax advisor for further information.  If you have a valid current North Carolina re-sale certificate and wish to purchase items to be re-sold please contact us for information on getting set up as tax exempt.
Returns / Warranty
All products sold are covered by the manufacturers warranty and are applicable to the original purchaser for a period of time as specified by the manufacturer.  Defective merchandise is to be returned to manufacturer.  We will accept returns of merchandise that is less than 30 days old and in like new condition.  Returns must be shipped to us pre-paid and a refund for product price excluding shipping will be issued via PayPal. If you have any questions about a return or warranty claim please contact us.
Privacy and Security
Information regarding our security and privacy policies may be found HERE.
Privacy Policy																		©													 2019 Bettys Outdoors. All rights reserved. Site by
| Site by: NVIZION, Inc.
Facebook