http://bevenyoung.com.au/index.php?main_page=privacy
Login / Register
Advanced Search
Beven Youngs Automotive, Motorcycle, Books and Software Web Site
Home
About
SusProg3D-Automotive Suspension Software
Car Shows and Swap Meets
Contact Us
Home
Privacy Notice
Categories
.Recent Additions
A selection of books Of Interest
Aircraft
ATSG Auto Trans Shop Manuals
Authors->
AUTOMOBILES->
Automotive
Technical and How To->
Book Publishers->
Bosch Technical Manuals
Commercial Vehicles->
Covell
Metalworking DVDs
Mazda MX5 Books & Shop Manuals
Model Engineering
Motor Cycle Marques->
Motorcycle
Original Series Restorers Guide
Karting
Surplus Damaged
Book Clearance->
Susprog3D Automotive Suspension Software MOTA 2 Stroke Simulation Software
Bestsellers
Bolwell - An Australian Icon by ...
How To Build Motorcycle-Engined...
Morris 8/40 In Australia produced...
Torana Tough - History Of Holden...
Datsun 1200 (B120) Ute Chassis And...
Lathework - A Complete Course by...
Strike Me Pink - Torana LJ In...
Chassis Engineering by Herb Adams...
Daihatsu S Series S65 S70 S75 S76 ...
English Wheel Techniques DVD with...
Information
Shipping & Returns
Privacy Notice
Conditions of Use
Contact Us
Site Map
Gift Certificate FAQ
Newsletter Unsubscribe
Privacy Notice
Beven D Young has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website: Beven D Young Automotive Books & Software.
We do not sell, hire or loan names and addressses to other organizations.
Your IP address is used to gather broad demographic information.
Our site's registration form requires users to give us contact information (like their name and email address) and financial information (like their account or credit card numbers). We use customer contact information from the registration form to send the user information about our company. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below. Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for products and services.
This site contains links to other sites. Beven D Young Automotive Books & Software is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Our site uses an order form for customers to request information, products, and services. We collect visitor's contact information (like their email address) and financial information (like their account or credit card numbers). Contact information from the order form is used to send orders and information about our company to our customers. The customer's contact information is also used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary. Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for products and services.
Our online surveys ask visitors for contact information (like their email address). We use contact data from our surveys to send the user information about our company. The customer's contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary.
Public Forums
This site makes chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups available to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us at the point where we request information about the visitor.
This site gives users the following options for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our service.
1. You can send email to Beven Young
Correct/Update
This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided.
1. email Beven Young
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact
Beven Young
Beven D Young Automotive Books and Software
68 Somers Street
North Brighton
South Austtralia 5048
PH. (0) 8 8298 5548 contry code 61
Email Beven Young
Back
Home |
Site Map |
Contact |
Shipping & Returns |
Privacy |
Conditions of Use
Free currency conversion
Copryight © Beven D Young 2010 • Website by Bakas IT