https://beverlybremer.com/privacy-policy
For Delivery Before Christmas
Order By Noon Monday Dec. 14 For Standard Ground
Order By Noon Friday Dec. 18 For Second Day Air
Order By Noon Monday Dec. 21 For Next Day Air
Sign In
404-261-4009
Flatwareby Pattern
Sale Flatware and Servers
View All
FlatwareSets and Servers
Flatware Sets
Serving Spoons & Forks
Serving Knives
Breakfast & Dessert Servers
Serving Ladles
Serving Tongs
Additional Serving Pieces
Sale Flatware and Servers
View All
Hollowware
Bread Trays Bowls & Baskets
Candlesticks & Candelabras
Centerpieces
Cups &
Goblets
Cream & Sugar
Pitchers
Salt & Pepper Sets
Serving Dishes
Tea Sets
Trays, Platters & Waiters
Tureens
Vases & Urns
Wine Coolers &
Presentation Cups
Georg Jensen, Martele and Tiffany
Sale Hollowware
Everything Else
View All
Baby
Baby Cups
Christening
Comb & Brush
Forks, Spoons
& Bowls
Rattles &
Teethers
Gifts
Baby Ornaments
Sale Baby
View All
Barware
Bar Serving Accessories
Flasks
Jiggers
Julep Cups
Ice Buckets & Wine Coolers
Other Cups & Goblets
Smoking Accessories
Wine Coasters
Sale Barware
View All
Coin Silver
Cups &
Goblets
Pitchers
Serving Dishes
Serving Pieces
Tea Sets
Trays, Platters & Waiters
Tureens
Coin Silver Flatware
Sale Coin Silver
View All
Frames
Square & Rectangular Frames
Round Frames
Frames For Children
Buccellati Frames
Carrs Frames
Sale Frames
View All
Jewelry
Bracelets & Charms
Children's Jewelry
Cuff Links & Stud Sets
Earrings
Grainger McCoy Collection
Necklaces
Additional Pieces
Sale Jewelry
View All
Ornaments
2020 Ornaments
Past years' Collections
Ornaments by Manufacturer
Annual Ornaments Not Dated
Ornaments by Pattern
Sale Ornaments
View All
New & Rare
Gifts &Accessories
2020 Holiday Gift Book
Asa Blanchard Collection
Belt Buckles
Bookmarks
Boxes
Bridesmaid Gifts
Buccellati
Canes
Christening Gifts
Desk Accessories
Dresser Accessories
Father's Day Gifts
Figurines
Gift Certificates
Gifts for Ladies
Gifts for Men
Graduation Gifts
Groomsman Gifts
Key Chains
Luggage Tags
Mirrors
Money Clips
Mother's Day Gifts
Napkin Rings
Perfume Bottles
Pill Boxes
Place Card Holders
Polishing, Tarnish Prevention& Storage
Purse Mirrors
Tea Accessories
Teacher Appreciation Gifts
2020 Ornaments
Toast Racks
Valentine's Day Gifts
More Gift Ideas
Sale Gifts & Accessories
View All
Sale Items
Sale Hollowware
Sale Baby
Sale Barware
Sale Coin Silver
Sale Frames
Sale Jewelry
Sale Ornaments
Sale Gifts & Accessories
View All
Privacy Policy
Last modified: August 13, 2018
Introduction
Beverly Bremer Silver Shop, Inc. ("Company" or "We") respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy. We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
This policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit the website www.BeverlyBremer.com (our "Website") and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information.
This policy applies to information we collect:
On this Website.
In email, text, and other electronic messages between you and this Website.
It does not apply to information collected by:
us offline or through any other means, including on any other website operated by Company or any third party; or
any third party, including through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from the Website.
Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Website. By accessing or using this Website, you agree to this privacy policy. This policy may change from time to time (see Changes to Our Privacy Policy). Your continued use of this Website after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.
Children Under the Age of 13
Our Website is not intended for children under 13 years of age. No one under age 13 may provide any information to the Website. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you are under 13, do not register on the Website, make any purchases through the Website, use any of the interactive or public comment features of this Website or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, email address, or any screen name or user name you may use. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at sterlingsilver@beverlybremer.com.
Information We Collect About You and How We Collect It
We collect several types of information from and about users of our Website, including information:
by which you may be personally identified, such as name, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number o rany other identifier by which you may be contacted online or offline ("personal information"); and/or
about your internet connection, the equipment you use to access our Website and usage details.
We collect this information:
Directly from you when you provide it to us.
Automatically as you navigate through the site. Information collected automatically may include usage details, IP addresses, and information collected through cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technologies.
Information You Provide to Us.
The information we collect on or through our Website may include:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Website. This includes information provided at the time of registering to use our Website or information about patterns or gift registries that you create on the Website. We may also ask you for information when you report a problem with our Website.
Records and copies of your correspondence (including email addresses), if you contact us.
Details of transactions you carry out through our Website and of the fulfillment of your orders. You may be required to provide financial information before placing an order through our Website.
Your search queries on the Website.
Information We Collect Through Automatic Data Collection Technologies.
As you navigate through and interact with our Website, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns, including:
Details of your visits to our Website, including traffic data, location data, logs, and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Website.
Information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system, and browser type.
The information we collect automatically is statistical data and does not include personal information, but we may maintain it or associate it with personal information we collect in other ways or receive from third parties. It helps us to improve our Website and to deliver a better and more personalized service, including by enabling us to:
Estimate our audience size and usage patterns.
Store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our Website according to your individual interests.
Speed up your searches.
Recognize you when you return to our Website.
The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include:
Cookies (or browser cookies). A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Website. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Website.
Flash Cookies. Certain features of our Website may use local stored objects (or Flash cookies) to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from, and on our Website. Flash cookies are not managed by the same browser settings as are used for browser cookies. For information about managing your privacy and security settings for Flash cookies, see Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information.
Web Beacons. Pages of our the Website and our e-mails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit the Company, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an email and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
We do not collect personal information automatically, but we may tie this information to personal information about you that we collect from other sources or you provide to us.
How We Use Your Information
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information:
To present our Website and its contents to you.
To provide you with information, products, or services that you request from us.
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it.
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection.
To notify you about changes to our Website or any products or services we offer or provide though it.
In any other way we may describe when you provide the information.
For any other purpose with your consent.
We may also use your information to contact you about our own goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you do not want us to use your information in this way, please email us at sterlingsilver@beverlybremer.com.
For more information, see Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information.
Disclosure of Your Information
We may disclose aggregated information about our users without restriction.
We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this privacy policy:
To our subsidiaries and affiliates.
To contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business and who are bound by contractual obligations to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them.
To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Beverly Bremer's Silver Shop's assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which
personal information held by Beverly Bremer Silver Shop, Inc. about our Website users is among the assets transferred.
To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it.
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
With your consent.
We may also disclose your personal information:
To comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.
To enforce or apply our terms of use or terms of sale and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes.
If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Beverly Bremer Silver Shop, Inc., our customers, or others.
Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information:
Tracking Technologies and Advertising. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. To learn how you can manage your Flash cookie settings, visit the Flash player settings page on Adobe's website. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this site may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
Promotional Offers from the Company. If you do not wish to have your contact information used by the Company to promote our own products or services, you can opt-out by sending us an email stating your request to sterlingsilver@beverlybremer.com or by using the unsubscribe link on any communication sent to you. If we have sent you a promotional email, you may send us a return email asking to be omitted from future email distributions. This opt out does not apply to information provided to the Company as a result of a product purchase or other transactions.
Accessing and Correcting Your Information
You may send us an email at sterlingsilver@beverlybremer.com to request access to, correct or delete any personal information that you have provided to us. We cannot delete your personal information except by also deleting your user account. We may not accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect.
Data Security
We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers behind firewalls. Any payment transactions will be encrypted using SSL technology.
The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our Website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Website. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Website.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
It is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page. If we make material changes to how we treat our users' personal information, we will notify you by email to the primary email address specified in your account or through a notice on the Website home page. The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable email address for you, and for periodically visiting our Website and this privacy policy to check for any changes.
Contact Information
To ask questions or comment about this privacy policy and our privacy practices, contact us at:
Beverly Bremer Silver Shop, Inc.
3164 Peachtree Road
Atlanta, Georgia 30305
About
Services
Gift Registry
As Seen In