http://beyondwellbeing.com/herbs/about.policies.shtml
Shipping | Sales Tax | Returns | Privacy | Pick Up
Shipping Policies
Beyond Well Being uses the United States Postal Service's priority mail which is said to be able to ship product to anywhere in the United States inside of three business days.
For international orders, we generally use the USPS International Priority Mail which advertises that you'll receive your package in 4-6 days. It is probably more accurate to say that the package will get to your country in 4-6 days. What happens after that point is unknown. We've shipped successfully to Argentina, Australia, France, Libya, Pakistan, Canada, Japan (APO), UK, and Germany (which required the cooperation of a pharmacy).
If you have made an order and it will be shipped to a destination outside the USA, you will be emailed an up-charge for the additional postal charges. You will need to respond to this email (from Paypal) to have your items successfully shipped. It seems that many people who purchase items on-line do not check their email and never learn of this international order up-charge. If the request for additional postage funds is not paid in 30 days, the purchase will be refunded. Again this notification will come through via email so it is probably a good idea to check your email on a regular basis when purchasing anything on-line. If you have spam filters set-up, be sure and allow mail to come through with the word "notification" in the subject line and "Paypal.com" as the sender.
When a refund is made, it can only be done when there is a Paypal account. Refunds are not made directly to your credit card, but to your Paypal account. If you do not have a Paypal account, the refund cannot be made. Beyond Well Being is not responsible for one's ability to jump through the hoops necessary for the creation of a Paypal account. It is however considered pretty easy to do by most estimates.
Rush orders are also honored, but these would need to be calculated on an individual basis. For more on that, please contact us.
The vast majority of purchases of herbs weigh less than one pound. Priority mail (USA and APO/FPO destinations) shipping costs are as follows:
Weight
Price
Up to 1 pound
$4.60
1 to 2 pounds
$7.50
2 to 3 pounds
$10.55
Sales Tax Policies
California sales tax of 8.25% will be added and automatically calculated on all orders shipped within the state of California. Other than that little downside, we're quite enthusiastic about living in The Golden State.
Return Policies
While we hope that your herbal medicines do what they're supposed to do, we can't guarantee them any more than your pharmacist can guarantee or accept a return on a pharmaceutical medication you buy because it doesn't work as intended.
That being said, we do value the goodwill of our customers and should there be a problem with your herbs or your response to them, please contact us and we'll see how we can fix the issue one way or another.
If your herbs arrive at your destination damaged you can request a refund or replacement. Because we're dealing with hard plastic bottles, there isn't really too many scenarios in which damage can occur. We have yet to see this happen since 1998 when we started sending out herbs.
If your package never arrives we'll send a replacement order free of charge. I've seen this happen perhaps twice in the past eight years.
If you do not receive your package within 2 weeks (USA orders) or 4 weeks (international orders) please contact us and we'll send out a replacement bottle.
We do track our packages and if the USPS says that the package was delivered, our obligation is complete and a replacement would require another purchase. In such a case, a different address, one that is more secure would probably be a good idea.
If you order one item but receive another, we would be happy to correct the situation as is appropriate given the circumstances. We're all human and accidents happen. Again, in the past eight years, we have only one record of this happening. More likely is confusion arising from the information on the website. If you're confused as to what you need, we're more than happy to help you figure things out. Just contact us for more information.
All returns must be made within 30 days of purchase. Customer is responsible for shipping costs.
Credit card refunds will be issued to the Paypal account attached to that credit card. All Paypal purchases will be issued through Paypal.
Privacy Policy
Beyond Well Being is militantly opposed to junk mail, email spam, and telemarketing, or any unrequested messages from marketers. That's why we won't be bothering you with special offers or other distractions. We won't be selling, renting, or teasing "third parties" with your personal information.
Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on our Web site. This has yet to actually happen.
There was a time in which people would call in and give us their credit card numbers and we would run the charge through the office. However in order to add a level of security to your purchases, we've switched all credit card orders to Paypal now. Paypal is about as secure as you're going to get for a credit card transaction. At no time does Beyond Well Being see your number. Only Paypal does and they're more like a bank than a store. For more on Paypal's security measures, please see the Paypal Security Center.
In Person Pick-Up
Beyond Well Being is located in lovely Santa Monica, California. We're a home based business, and so walk-ins are not an option. If however, you are in the Santa Monica area and would like to meet with Al, house-calls or meeting in a mutually convenient public place can be arranged. Our phone number is (310) 264-6668.
BeyondWellBeing.com purchases can now be made over the phone with a credit card number
HOME | BLOG
IBS |
Headaches
Contact |
About |
Al |
Policies
Testimonials |
Support |
Prognosis-O-Rama
Customized Formulas TCM Style
Premixed Herbal Solutions
Restless Legs
|
Liver Detox
|
Kudzu and Liver
|
OnHealthy
Digestive |
Herbs for Menopausal Hot Flashes and Irritability
© Al Stone 1995-2012 All Rights Reserved and Stuff
about.policies.shtml was last modified Nov 06 2012. Still reading? Stalk me on Twitter.Site written by Google author Dr. Al Stone
PO Box 3571, Santa Monica, CA, 90408-3571