https://biltongdirect.co.uk/terms-and-conditions
Menu
Your Cart
Terms & ConditionsTerms & ConditionsTerms & ConditionsRetail OrdersOnline or phone payments by Credit/Debit Card are to be made prior to dispatch of orders.  We reserve the right to amend our advertised prices without prior notification both for products and delivery costs. Orders placed will be processed on a rotational basis.  Please note that we cut and package biltong and other products FRESH and according to individual stated preference.  This may mean waiting a day or two for an item to be just right.  We aim to dispatch orders within 48hours of receipt, provided we have the product in stock as you have requested it.  You will be advised by email if an item is delayed or out of stock.  All orders should be delivered within 14 days if you have not been notified to the contrary. Postal Delivery - We do everything possible to make your shopping with us a positive and pleasant experience.  Your order is packed with great care so that you receive it in perfect condition. You will be notified by email on the day of dispatch of your parcel.   If you are not home to receive a postal delivery, it should be collected from the depot within 24 hours as we cannot be held responsible for any spoilage which occurs.   Courier Deliveries - You will be advised by email once your package has been dispatched.  Delivery is on the day after dispatch up to 5.30pm.  If you are not available to receive courier deliveries, charges incurred for re-delivery or re-direction or spoilage resulting from delayed delivery will be charged to you.Any amendment to delivery instructions will only be accepted before the goods are dispatched.   We advise that if you are frequently out, you give a delivery address where somebody will be home, or your work address.  Complaints - All complaints will be dealt with on merit and are to be made by email within 24 hours of receipt of your order, giving full details of condition of goods and packaging.  Shortage in the order must be advised within 24 hours of delivery.  Claims and complaints made after this period may not be entertained. Privacy Policy - We undertake to protect your privacy and to only use that information which you provide us with for lawful purposes in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998.  The information we collect will be used for the purpose of processing your order and will not be passed to any third party.You have the right to refuse any further contact for advertising purposes by telephone or email.  We do not store credit card details. ReturnsIf you are dissatisfied with any product, please contact us within 48 hours of receipt.  We undertake to respond within 24 hours to your complaint and to replace any faulty product within 14 days.  See our 100% Guarantee Customers will be reimbursed for the cost of postage on Returning parcels.  Biltong Direct will also be responsible for the cost of postage for the replacement package.