http://birkenstockbeach.com/Library/info/ordering_and_policy.php
We are here to help any time!
Ordering and Policy
Ordering Methods
Online
Phone
E-mail
Fax
Mail
Why Shop With Us?
Passport Membership
Free Shipping
110% Price Match Guarantee
Free Shoe Giveaway
Sale/New/Hot Item Notification
Email us HERE
(877) 756-2475
Return Policy
Exchanges
Shipping Policy for Exchanges
Online Credit
Defective Merchandise
UPS Ground Return Fee
Your Order
Cancellation Policy
Promotional Codes
Special Orders
Back Orders
Price Changes
Time Frame
Sale Items
Special Items
Volume Order / Bulk Orders
E-Mail Communication
Order Problems
Payment Methods
Signing For Packages
Charging Credit Cards
Identity Theft Prevention Program
PayPal
Layaway
Shipping Rates
Free UPS Shipping
Domestic Shipping
UPS
UPS Incorrect Address Fee
US Mail
Time Frame
Shipping Charges
Hawaii and Alaska
Package Loss
Holiday Shipping
PO Boxes / APO Boxes
International Shipping
UPS International
US Mail International
Time Frame
Shipping Charges
Package Loss
Holiday Shipping
Promotional Prices and Discounts
10% Out of Stock Discount
Promotional Price Changes
Passport Membership
110% Price Match Guarantee
Coupon Codes
Other Information
Privacy Notice
Packaging Conservation
Recycle/Re-use
Donation For Dollars
Complaints
Order Problems
E-marketing disclosure
Skype
When you order with
birkenstockbeach.com, you are ordering over a SAFE and SECURE web server.
1) Online - Enter the shopping cart here
To place an online order at birkenstockbeach.com using our secure shopping cart, choose the style you wish to purchase by surfing through the many categories and subcategories available. Scroll down, type your size and width in the space provided, and fill out any other "write-ins".
Click the "Add to Cart" to add the item to your secured shopping cart.Enter your country, state, zip code, and preferred shipping method. Click "Check Out" button.
Enter your billing and contact information, then click "Continue".
Enter your credit card information and any additional instructions for the order such as a "Passport Membership Number" or a promotional code of any kind. Click "Continue".
Review your order summary. When you are satisfied that it is correct, click "Submit Your Order" to complete the process. If at any time you decide you would like to add more products to your shopping cart, you can either click on the " product" link to go to the top level categories or use your "back" button on your browser.
Kick back and wait for your order to wash up on your shore soon. We do not charge credit cards until we ship!
2) Phone
To place an order by telephone call us TOLL FREE at (877) 756-2475. We are on Pacific Standard Time. If you get routed to voicemail due to all customer service representatives helping other callers, please leave a detailed message (speaking slowly and clearly) and we will get back to you as soon as possible. Often we have customer service representatives available throughout the day. During our busy fall and winter sheepskin season we bring in many extra customer service representatives. We sometimes cannot keep up with the extra incoming telephone calls and we apologize for any inconvenience. If you leave a message we will get back to you as soon as possible.
Phone orders are
eligible for the Free UPS Ground rate used for online orders.
Before you call please have the style name and style number, size, and color choice for each item, as well as shipping and billing information.
3) Email
You can email us the "ship to" and "bill to" information, as well as the product information on the item(s) you are ordering. Please be sure to provide your phone number and we will call you for your credit card information within the next business day.
4) Fax
You can fax your order to us at (805)-541-1496.
Please include the style name, style number, color choice for each item, as well as shipping and billing information, with your fax order. Do not forget to include your daytime and evening phone numbers so we can call you for credit information.
5) Mail
Mail your order to:
BirkenstockBeach.com
Attn: Mail Order Dept.
746 Higuera St, #5
San Luis Obispo, CA 93401
Please make any checks or Money Orders payable to Shoesurfing.com
Please note: We recommend our customers call us TOLL FREE at (877) 756-2475 for shipping and total order costs before mailing a check or money order. Out-of-state orders and check orders that are mailed in may be subject to a 7-14 business day "hold before shipping" to ensure that the check clears.
Store Policies
Please note if an item is purchased from our retail stores, our retail Location policies apply.
Returns
Exchanges
Shipping Policy for Exchanges
Online Credit
Defective Merchandise
UPS Ground Return Fee
Need to Make a Return?
Products are returnable for exchange or online credit only.
We define a return as an item being sent back for an exchange or online credit.
Merchandise being returned
must meet ALL of the following conditions:
The merchandise must be received into our warehouse within 30 days(60 days for International customers) of the processing date, which is the day the order was shipped and credit card payment was processed.
The merchandise must be returned in unworn condition.
Merchandise must be returned in original packaging with all box contents such as, literature, packaging, etc.
If the original shoe box is badly damaged when we receive your return, you may be subject to a $9.00 repackaging/restocking fee.
Mail exchanges and returns to:
BirkenstockBeach.com
Attn: Mail Order Dept.
746 Higuera St, #5
San Luis Obispo, CA 93401
Please note we reserve the right to send back (at your shipping and handling expense) any items we feel have been worn, or items that were sent back due to defect and were found not to be defective, that you are trying to return or exchange.
Types of Returns
Exchanges
If shoes are returned looking worn, we cannot accept them for return or exchange. We recommend wearing footwear with socks on carpeted surfaces only for short periods of time to prevent them from becoming worn. Shoes being returned or exchanged must come back in the same condition as when they were shipped to you. If the original shoe box is badly damaged when we receive your return, you may be subject to a $9.00 repackaging/restocking fee.
Exchanges are NOT eligible for promotional discounts and are NOT considered a new order. Exchanging a product for an item that is of higher value does not qualify for a 10% discount on the difference of the two products.
Shipping charges are not refundable. Additionally, any shipping costs you may have accrued when returning items to us will not be reimbursed.
Shipping Policy for Exchanges
When exchanging an item from your original order, we will ship the replacement item via UPS Ground at no charge for your first exchange.
If you require another shipping method, you will be charged the normal fee. If the exchanged item comes back as a second exchange, we will assess a normal shipping and handling fee before shipping you the second, third, fourth, fifth, etc. All items being exchanged must be sent back to us in unworn condition. If the item being sent in for exchange or return shows wear, we may assess a cleaning charge or determine whether they are un exchangeable/un returnable and ship them back to you.
If we have to clean, fix, or replace any part of your return product, your exchange may be subject to a restocking fee of 10-20% of the value of the product.
If we make a mistake on your order and are authorized to reimburse return shipping, we will only reimburse return shipping fees when it is a standard UPS or US mail ship method. We will not reimburse premium shipping methods.
Unfortunately we cannot provide free shipping to our international customers at this time. Items being returned for exchange will be assesed the normal shipping fee to send the exchange to the customer.
Online Credit
Online credits are processed into a similar manner as exchanges. If item is returned damaged we might not provide an online credit for the total amount of the product. In the case that we do not provide a full online credit we will notify you as to the reason.
Defective Merchandise
We strive to provide the best product possible; however due to the nature of manufacturing occasionally there will be defective merchandise. Please check your order as soon as you receive it, and contact us immediately if you beleive the product has a defect. We want to get you a good product as soon as possible.
If a customer believes an item is defective; they may send the item back. Once we receive your item we will contact you with an email indicating if the item is found to be defective by our returns department. We will then exchange, credit or repair the item for the customer as soon as this process is complete. Due to the policies of different manufactures the Exchange/Refund process associated with defective merchandise can take from a few days to a few months. We will attempt to keep you as updated as possible on this process if an item is determined to be defective.
**Note: Items are not considered defective is there is, discoloration of the sheepskin, discolorations/damage due to improper cleaning, damage due to wear,
dye transfer or fade, and will be returned at customer’s expense.
Often as a quicker resolution to defective merchandise, you may go to a local shoe repair shop and get a quote for repair and if we approve the cost we will reimburse you. Please email us a picture of defective product and a copy of the receipt, we will either mail a check or credit the credit account.
Product images may not represent the true color of products, slight dye lot variations, computer monitors, and lighting can affect the color you see. Returns due to slight color variations under these circumstances will still be subject to our UPS Ground Return Fee at our discretion.
UPS Ground Return Fee
All orders returned for refund that where shipped via "Free UPS Ground" will be subject to a $10 return fee. The $10 fee will de subtracted from the refund amount on the returned item(s). For example if you purchased an item that cost $99.95 and that was shipped free UPS Ground, then returned it for a refund, you will receive a refund of $89.95. If the item(s) is being sent back for exchange or online credit it will not be subject to a return fee. Only one $10 fee will be assessed per order.
Your Order
Cancellation Policy
Promotional Codes
Special Orders
Back Orders
Price Changes
Time Frame
Sale Items
Special Items
Volume Order / Bulk Orders
E-Mail Communication
Order Problems
Cancellation Policy
Some cancellations will be subject to a "Restocking / Processing Fee." The fee can range from $5.00-$25.00 per pair and is subject to change at any time. If our company orders
products into our warehouse specifically to fill your order and you cancel your order (or part of your order) after we order these products, you may be charged a "Restocking / Processing Fee." This usually applies to orders that include multiple items, unpopular sizes/widths, custom orders, and/or high-priced items. The "Restocking / Processing Fee" often applies to orders that include a high dollar total. If you have any questions about whether or not your product(s) or order(s) is/are subject to this fee, call us toll free at 877-756-2475.
*Note, If we have already started processing your order before we are aware of your cancellation and you refuse your package, your order will be subject to a $15 return fee plus the shipping and handling charges.
**If a customer is sending us an email
in regards to an order cancellation, and we do not receive it (for any reason)
before we ship the order, we will not reimburse the customer any shipping
and/or return fees.  It is the responsibility of the customer to make sure
they receive a “cancellation” confirmation email from us after it has been
canceled.  Our email communication system will email all customers that have
orders canceled.  If the customer does not receive this confirmed “cancellation”
email from us then he/she should contact us
immediately at 1-877-756-2475.
Promotional Codes
Coupon or Promotions
are subject to Terms and Conditions. These terms and conditions are listed with
the coupon code or promotion on our website. By using a coupon or promotion
code you are agreeing to the terms and conditions listed with the coupon or
promotion code. If you are directed here from a 3rd party website
outside of the ShoeSurfing.com Network with intent to use a coupon or promotion
we will not be held responsible for any misrepresentation or omission of the
terms and conditions.
Time Frame
We will start processing on your order immediately after it is received. Please allow us time to process your order as some can take up to 48 hours. Note that some items may be on back order and cannot be shipped right away. If your order is needed by a certain date, please let us know ASAP. During the online checkout process, you will be provided with a space to enter any special shipping instructions or time deadlines pertaining to your order. You also may call us toll free (877) 756-2475 or e-mail us atshoesurfing@gmail.com with any details pertaining to your order.
US Mail quoted shipping times are Estimates and NOT guarantees. If a package does not arrive within quoted time we and USPS are not liable.
Signing for Packages
Our customers have the choice of requesting that their package is signed for or to have it left on the premises.
However, packages may be left on premises without signature. Please write " leave on porch" or "signature required" in the "Special Instructions" box during the checkout process.
BirkenstockBeach.com
will not be held responsible for packages stolen from anywhere on your premises if you choose to disregard the signature process. If you do not advise us to require a signature our default method is to leave the package on the premises.
Back Order Policy
Occasionally, items
may not be immediately available when an order is placed. In this case, we will
place the item on back order and notify you. If the item you are ordering is on
back order for only a few days, we will just ship it to you when it comes in. If
it is on backorder for a week or more, we will notify you by e-mail with an
estimated ship date. Please reply to this e-mail. If we do not receive a
response from you, we will automatically keep your item on back order and will
ship it to you upon arrival in our warehouse.
Please note that we
will not charge your credit card until we have received the back ordered items and are shipping your order. We will keep your back order open to ship for
up to six months unless we hear otherwise. If we attempt to contact the customer
via email, phone, or fax to inform them about an item currently being backordered, & we never hear back from the customer, we will ship the product(s)
upon arrival into our warehouse if it is within 6 months of the order date. If
this package is “Refused” the customer may be charged a $10.00
handling/restocking fee. Also, no shipping & handling costs will be
refunded. If you DO NOT want your item or to stay on back order it is your responsibility to respond to our back order notice!
Back Orders are subject to price increases. Once an
item(s) has been on back order for longer than 30 days, those product(s) still
on back order are subject to any price increases that have taken place on those
items before they ship. If your item(s) ship after being on back order for longer than 45 days you will receive a 10% discount as part of our 10% out of stock discount.
Price Changes
Due to cost fluctuations within manufacturing, changing inventory and late price change notifications from our suppliers occasionally items will be subject to price increases or decreases without notice. If an item is purchased within 48 hours of a price change and the amount is less than the original price paid we will refund the difference of the price. Any item(s) purchased after or before the 48 hours will not be reimbursed for any differences in price. This
is not subject to promotional or sale item discounts that might be applied to
our items, we will not provide any reimbursement on these items.
We reserve the right to modify prices at any point without notice.
However unintentional price modification and/or price modifications due to reasons beyond our control such as server outage, corrupted data, etc. will not be honored.
Charging Credit Cards
We do not charge your credit card when you checkout! Only when we are packing your products to be shipped out do we then charge your credit card. The only exception is when orders totaling over $650.00
may be charged as many as 7 days prior to the day we ship your order. As a part of our "identity theft prevention program" at
BirkenstockBeach.com
, we usually "charge and wait" before shipping large orders totaling over $650.00 unless
we have current order history on file. The same process applies especially to large international orders. Sometimes the order may sit for longer than 7 days, unless you are a Passport Member. If you wish to use more than one credit card, please contact us via phone and confirm information. We may pre-charge the order if it is across multiple card accounts.
Identity Theft Prevention Program
We have an "Identity Theft Fraud Prevention Program".
We report all illegal activity to the FBI (www.ic3.gov and www.ifccFBI.gov)
We may contact customers if we feel that the order placed may be fraudulent in any way.
We are in good communications with the Better Business Bureau (BBB) and reserve the right to report anyone we think might be involved in any kind of identity theft. Please note that any orders we receive from the Philippines, Nigeria, Saudi Arabia, and Ghana or surrounding areas will be contacted as identity theft has become very prevalent in these areas.
Special Orders
Special orders may be returned for exchange or online store credit only.
Special orders will be charged before we order the products into our warehouse. Once a special order has been processed, it cannot be cancelled or returned for a refund, unless the product is defective. Sven brand special orders are subject to a $25.00 restocking fee if canceled prior to shipping or returned for refund.
Orders directly from a manufacturer, "Drop Shipping"
Orders shipped to a customer direct from the manufacturer, known as drop shipping is considered a special order.
Any order being drop shipped will be pre charged prior to the item being shipped from the manufacturer.
ALL Drop Shipped items are considered a Special Order
Any returns/exchanges from drop shipped orders must be sent to us (and not the manufacturer) at the following address:
BirkenstockBeach.com
Attn: Return Dept.
746 Higuera St, #5
San Luis Obispo, CA 93401
What's a Special Order?
A special order is any item that we determine to be an unusual size, color, quantity, or style which we would not normally carry in stock. If your order contains one or more special order items, you will be contacted before the order is processed.
All Sven clogs and boots are considered special orders, due to the fact that Sven's are custom produced after you have placed the order. You will not be contacted regarding a special order if your order contains a Sven item.
Some examples of special orders are:
Five pairs of Arizona Birkenstock's
A pair of size 50 Regular Vaasa Finn Comfort shoes
Women's size 11 or 12 UGG boots
Any customized shoe or sandal, such as a custom Sven clog or boot
An order with multiple unusual sizes
Special orders fall under our Bulk Order policy as well.
We appreciate your understanding regarding our special order policy. Though the majority of orders are not classified as special orders, we must be careful when ordering certain products due to the amount of fraudulent activity and buyer advantages made possible by the internet.
If your order includes a "special order" item (other than a Sven brand item), you will be notified before we charge your credit card.
German Special Orders
We strive to provide you the full catalog of Birkenstock products, as such; some of our Birkenstock and Birki products are German Special order. If the item is a German special order item we will inform you.
German special order products have an $80.00 order minimum, and carry an extra $15.00 charge per pair. German special order take 6-8 weeks to receive (there is a faster 2-4 week shipping method, that carries a $25.00 charge) once ordered these items cannot be canceled. All German Special order items will be Pre-charged there are no exceptions. We appreciate your understanding!
Thank you for your understanding!
Sale Items
All "Sale" items are considered final sale and are not returnable for a refund of the purchase price; we will accept items for exchange or online store credit as long as they are sent back in unworn condition.
"Sale" items ARE NOT eligible for our "10% Out of Stock Discount" program.
We will not honor promotion code discounts for "Sale" items.
"Sale" items are products we have in stock at our warehouse, if we need to special order an item from the manufacturer, we may need to charge you the MSRP for the items.
We will notify you if we need to special order an item and how much the cost of the item will be.
Look for the "sale" icon next to items while shopping in the store for greater savings!
Special Items
Shoes marked on "special" are eligible for exchange or online credit. "Special" items may be special ordered from the manufacture if available at no additional cost.
Special items are eligible for our 10% Out of Stock Discount program, and other promotion code discounts unless otherwise noted.
Special items are NOT the same as sale items.
Look for the "special" icon next to items while shopping in the store for greater savings!
Shipping Charges
Since shipping rates vary with factors specific to each order (such as size, weight, insurance, content, and ship-to location) we may need to adjust the shipping and handling rate used during your online checkout process. We reserve the right to adjust shipping and handling charges at any time. See your shipping options here.
Volume Discounts / Bulk Orders
We are able to offer volume discounts on some large orders. Most volume discounts are given to orders containing multiple quantities of the same item or products. Sometimes we can give a volume discount on orders where the products are different but the dollar total of the order exceeds $600.00
Note: Volume discounts are handled on an individual basis. Due to differences in product availability, size, weight, ship-to address, shipping method, etc., and we reserve the right to approve or disapprove any volume discount on any order at any time. If you feel your order may be eligible for a volume discount, contact us via
email (with the subject line "volume discount") or call toll free (877) 756-2475.
Bulk Orders
Bulk orders are often considered orders that contain five or more pairs and/or orders that total $500.00 and up.
Bulk Order Returns must be approved before you may send any product back to us, failure to do so will result in us refusing the package. A 15% restocking fee applies to any items returning to us from any Bulk Order. Some bulk order returns may only be eligible for Online Credit at our discretion.
Our E-mail Communication System
After you place your order, you will receive various emails from us to keep you updated. As your order moves through our processing system the emails you receive will describe what step or situation your item is in. Please be sure to add our email address to your address book to ensure you receive this important information. Below is a list describing the messages you might receive and what they mean. It is important to us that we keep you informed about your order
Pending Order
This email message will be
sent to you once your new order is received in our order center.
In Progress
Sent to you when one of
our customer service representatives initially starts working on your new order
after it is received.
Multiple Item
Standby
This email is for people
who have ordered more than one item. Usually this means we have some of the
items you ordered on hold for you, & are waiting for the other item(s) to
come into our warehouse.  Then we can ship the order complete.  This can really
save on shipping costs for international orders.
Order On Hold
If you receive this email notification message please contact us right away!  We
send this when we are missing an important piece of information from your order
and need it so that we can process your order.  An example would be an order
with no size &/or color for a product specified.
Approved
Sent to you once we have your product pulled from stock and are processing your
order. This is when your credit card gets charged & your package is being
prepared to leave the building.
Out Of Stock
When the item you have ordered is not available anymore we send this message.
It may be just the size or color that is Out of Stock.  We try to order more
from the manufacturer but the item is just no longer available.
Back Ordered
Occasionally products may be out of the warehouse for only a few days, but in
cases when a product is unobtainable for a week or longer, we will send you this
e-mail. Please respond to this e-mail and let us know if you would like to keep your existing order on back order.  If we do not hear back from the customer
regarding this “Back Order”, we will ship the product to you when it comes into our warehouse up to 6
months from the date of the order without any further communication from us.
Shipped
Sent to you when your package has been shipped. You will receive your tracking number and be notified as to which products shipped from your order at this
time.
Shipped & Back Ordered
When we could only ship part of an order.  The items that have not shipped at this point are still on Back Order and will ship as soon as they come into our warehouse.
Shipped & Out Of Stocked
This email will be sent when we have shipped one or more of the products and the remainder or out of stock and will never ship.
Returned
Letting you know that we have received your package and are currently handling your return.
Refunded &/or Exchanged
Letting you know that we have refunded your account &/or have shipped you the item you requested as an exchange.
Online Credit
Letting you know that we have assigned you an online credit to be used towards
your next order.  During checkout upon placing your next order, write us a note
in the “Special Instructions & Comments” box that you have a credit and we
will apply it to your order after we receive it.
Declined
Sent to you when your
credit card has declined.  We will also place a phone call to you if you are in
the United
states.  Products for declined orders are restocked immediately.  So if you still want the item(s), please contact us right away.
Canceled
Sent to you when your order has been canceled at your request.  Or because the
product you ordered is not available and we have not heard back from you as to whether or not you would like to "opt" for an alternate choice.  We do have an “Out-of-Stock” discount when you “opt” for an alternative
product.
Deleted
Letting you know that your order has been deleted from our system.  This is sometimes done if we feel that the order is fraudulent in any way.
In Store
This message is what we send to communicate with a customer who has made a purchase in one of our retail store locations.  If an order has been placed in-store this email will confirm the order is in our system.
Order Update
This email is to update you on the status of your
order. Please review the "Notes for Customer" section in this email for
specific information pertaining to this order.
Attempting to order
This email notification is to let you know that we
are attempting to order one or more of your item(s) from the
manufacturer and are waiting for the item(s) to come into our warehouse
usually within a few days.
Return Services
We have issued a Return Label for one or more
items in your shipment. All return labels are issued through UPS.
Please be sure your email address can accept emails from
(pkginfo@ups.com). Electronic return labels will expire after 10 days
of receipt.
Return with Defect
All
items being returned for defect are evaluated by the manufacturer. The
manufacturer has the final decision on whether or not an item is
defective; it may take several days for the manufacturer to respond. If
the manufacturer has determined the item(s) in question to indeed be
defective, we will replace your product if available or refund you the
purchase price, including shipping costs.
Order Under Review
We are very concerned about your shopping
experience with our website, which is why your order is currently being
reviewed by our customer situation review team. We will update you with
information as soon as possible. Please note that sometimes holidays
and time zone differences can delay this process.
Repair
We have received your repair
and will be contacting your shortly with pricing information pertaining
to your repair options and cost. You will need to approve the work
before your item will be worked on. Repairs usually will take 2 to 4
weeks depending on the work to be done, and the current work load.
Layaway Program
This
email is to inform you that we have received your initial deposit of
$30.00 or 30% of your order total. This deposit will hold your items
for 60 days from the day we received your deposit.
Payment Methods
Signing For Packages
Charging Credit Cards
Identity Theft Prevention Program
PayPal
Layaway
Passport Membership Discounts
Layaway
Our layaway program is a great way to get a head start
on a birthday or Christmas gift. It’s easy and affordable, there are no service
fees or finance charges. Also there are no cancelation fees if you cancel your
order within 7 days from the date we received your deposit.
The layaway program is very simple, and all you need to
do is place your order like normal.  You
will need to type the phrase "Layaway Program" in the Special Instructions
& Comment box during check-out.  We
will contact you shortly to send you the layaway contract that you will need to
sign and return with your initial deposit.
A deposit of $30.00 will hold your order totaling up to $399.99 for a period of 60 days. A deposit of 30% of your order total will hold
your order totaling $400.00 and up for a period of 60 days.
Click here to download the contract fill it out and send it back to our warehouse.
We accept the following methods of payment:
We gladly accept PayPal.
Ordering with PayPal is easy! If you would like to pay for an order with PayPal, place your order online and specify in the "special instructions" box that you would like to pay using PayPal. (You can also place your order with us by phone or
email
send us your order via e-mail and indicate that you would like to pay using PayPal.) When we receive your order, we'll e-mail you an invoice with your total and instructions on how to complete your order. Payment through PayPal must
be received within 10 days of our request for funds. If your payment is not received within 10 days, your item will be restocked and you may incur a $10 restocking fee.Please be sure to include your mailing and billing address with your PayPal order.
You do not need an existing PayPal account to use this service. If you do not already have an account, simply place an order as instructed above. The e-mail you receive, including the invoice, will guide you through the account creation process. Creating a PayPal account is free and easy!
Visa, Master Card, Discover, American Express, PayPal, Cashiers Checks, Travelers Checks, or Money Orders. We accept personal checks with proper ID (Please make out any checks or Money Orders to Shoesurfing.com). Orders to be shipped using the "personal check" payment method will be subject to a 7 to 14 day waiting period, once the check is received, before the order ships. The waiting period for out of state checks is usually 10-30 days (depending on approval). International (Canada) Checks may take up to 45 days to clear. Please understand that we cannot ship your order without approval. All out-of-state and International checks maybe subject to a collection fee (up to $15), depending on your banks approval process.
This is a secured server so all information sent to us over the Internet will be secure and safe.
Please make all checks/money orders payable to Shoesurfing.com
Promotions and Discounts
10% Out of Stock Discount
Promotional Changes
Passport Membership
110% Price Match Guarantee
Coupon Codes
Coupon Codes
If using a promotion code or discount of any kind, you must inform
BirkenstockBeach.com
while you are placing your order. This can be accomplished by indicating the promotion code or discount in the "Special Shipping Instructions Comments" section when completing the online ordering process, or by contacting us by email or phone as you place your order.
Coupon or Promotions are subject to Terms and Conditions. These terms and conditions are listed with the coupon code or promotion on our website. By using a coupon or promotion code you are agreeing to the terms and conditions listed with the coupon or promotion code. If you are directed here from a 3rd party website outside of the ShoeSurfing.com Network with intent to use a coupon or promotion we will not be held responsible for any misrepresentation or omission of the terms and conditions.
If you are a Passport Member, please type "Passport Member" and your membership # in the "Special Instructions" section during the checkout process. We will apply your discount after receiving your order, therefore your total upon checkout will not reflect the actual amount you will be charged.
Promotions are subject to change at any time. We reserve the right to void any active promotions without prior notice. If your order does not qualify for a promotion entered, we will still process your order without prior notice at regular price. Please include a notice in the special instructions and comments box at checkout if you would not like us to process the order without a valid promotion code.
We have provided a "Special Instructions" box for you to communicate with us anything we should know pertaining to your order. For example, "I need my package delivered by Tuesday, May 1st 2:00 p.m." or "Please send my package signature required." Please feel free to write several lines of text if needed to communicate any special requests or instructions you may have.
Promotional Price Changes
Price changes due to promotional codes and or discounted pricing will not be honored unless a promotion code is present at time of order. We will NOT refund/reimburse any cost on a past order. We will only honor the promotional pricing on NEW orders placed with a valid promotional code.
Price Changes
Due to cost fluctuations within manufacturing, changing inventory and late price change notifications from our suppliers occasionally items will be subject to price increases or decreases without notice. If an item is purchased within 48 hours of a price change and the amount is less than the original price paid we will refund the difference of the price. Any item(s) purchased after or before the 48 hours will not be reimbursed for any differences in price. This is not subject to promotional or sale item discounts that might be applied to our items, we will not provide any reimbursement on these items.
We reserve the right to modify prices at any point without notice. Price changes due to reasons beyond our control will not be honored.
10% Out of Stock Discount
In certain cases the item you order may not be available in stock due to reasons out of our control, such as a late truck shipment or bad weather. The main purpose for this discount is to allow our customers a 10% discount in either of the following situations:
If you take the option for an alternate product from the item originally ordered you become eligible for a 10% discount on an alternate style, color, or size from the product(s) originally ordered. Sometimes we have very similar product options that are almost the same as the one originally ordered.
If you do not want the alternate product presented and opt to wait for the original product ordered, you can still receive a 10% discount if we cannot ship that item(s) within 45 business days of the date you ordered. Orders for product(s) subject to late delivery beyond our control, are NOT eligible for the 10% out of stock discount.
This discount does not apply if we are expecting more of the product (you originally) ordered within 45 business days of your order date. These types of items are considerd "back ordered" and the 10% off discount does not apply, unless of course you are a "Passport Member" in which case you would be receiving a 10% discount on all your products whether they are in or out of stock.
*Note, sale item(s) are not eligible for the 10% out of stock discount. This discount offer is only good for 30 days from the date at which the customer has been contacted regarding there item(s) being out of stock.
Passport Membership Discounts
As a "Passport Member", discounts cannot be combined with other special offers, discounts, or promotions. Orders placed by passport members are subject to our Special Order/Bulk order policies. Passport memberships are intended for final consumer use.
Click here to read more about becoming a "Passport Member."
Shipping
Shipping Rates
Domestic Shipping Rates
Shipping Method
Base Price
Add Per Product
Free UPS Ground (Continental U.S. 48 States on orders over $90.00.)
$0.00
$0.00
UPS Ground ( For orders under $90.00.)
$10.50
$0.00
UPS 2 Day Air (Continental U.S., Hawaii & Alaska only! Alaska $12.00 fee to be added.
Not available for International.)
$30.00
$10.00
UPS 3 Day Air (Continental U.S. only! Not available for International.)
$15.00
$8.00
UPS Next Day Air (Continental U.S., Hawaii & Alaska only! Alaska $12.00 fee to be added. Not available for International.)
$45.00
$15.00
U.S. Mail Priority (Standard 3-7 Day Shipping Method for AK & HI. Not available for Intl. Orders.)
$13.00
$4.00
U.S. Mail Express (2 Day U.S. Only. AK & HI $12.00 fee to be added! Not avail for Intl.)
$24.50
$8.00
U.S. Mail for Orders Under $26.00 (5-10 Day Shipping Method Continental U.S. only. Not available for AK, HI, or Intl. Orders.)
$7.50
$1.50
International Shipping Rates
Shipping Method
Base Price
Add Per Product
International Priority Mail (15-20 Day via U.S. Mail to your post office.)
$50.00
$10.00
International Priority Mail For Canada (10-20 Day U.S. Mail Exclusively for Canada)
$36.00
$7.00
UPS Expedited Service to Canada (2 to 4 Business Days: Tracking Available)
$45.00
$10.00
UPS Expedited Service to Mexico (2 to 6 Business Days: Tracking Available)
$30.00
$15.00
UPS Expedited Service to Europe (3 to 6 Business Days: Tracking Available)
$65.00
$15.00
UPS Expedited Service to All Other Territories (5 to 8 Business Days)
$80.00
$22.00
UPS Expedited Service to Special Territories (4 to 8 Business Days: Tracking Available)
$200.00
$40.00
When choosing a rate, prices change according to how many items are in the order.
For Example: If you have three products and select UPS 2nd day air shipping, you will be charged a base price of $19.00 and an addition cost of $6.00 for EACH item. Making the total $37.00
**Please be aware that shipping prices are subject to change at any moment, and we reserve the right to change them without prior notification.
The following shipment options are available:
UPS
We use UPS
as our standard shipping carrier. If you want your package delivered "Signature Required" you must state this in the section marked "special instructions comments" when checking out and a $3.00 fee may be added to your order.
Please remember UPS does not ship on certain federal holidays. Please see this page for more information. We consider the date to be delivered as the next deliverable day according to UPS delivery schedule.
Any order totaling under $90.00 may be shipped via US Priority Mail or UPS Ground at a rate of $9.00 or more for shipping and handling.
Ground, 3-Day Select, 2nd Day Air, 2nd Day Air AM., Next Day Air Early AM by 10:30 a.m., Next Day Air by 3:00 pm, Next Day Air Saver by 6 p.m.
Our default overnight shipping method is Next Day Air Saver.
(Note: UPS will not deliver to PO, APO, PPO addresses. We will then ship via US Priority Mail to these addresses.)
Due to different weights, sizes, and package contents, we must sometimes make adjustments to the original shipping fee that appears on your online order after checkout. Therefore, the shipping charge you see on your order at the time of checkout may be changed by us when we process your order. Additional shipping and handling charges are accessed at our discretion when we process your order and not by the shopping cart system at time of checkout.
Shipping rules and regulations are consistently changing and may require us to need to access more shipping charges to your order before we ship it.
UPS Incorrect Address Fee
UPS charges an $11 fee for any orders which are addressed incorrectly. To avoid this fee please double check your shipping address.
US Postal Service
Parcel Post, Priority Mail, Air Parcel Post, First Class & Express Mail are the US Mail methods available. Often times, a $3.50 charge will be added for insurance. Some countries do not offer postal insurance.
Any order totaling under $90.00 may be shipped Priority US Mail or UPS Ground at a rate of $9.00 or more
for shipping and handling.
Our default international shipping method with USPS is International Air Parcel Post which will get the package to your post office in 6-10 business days. Depending on customs procedures in your country, your package may be delivered beyond the normal 6-10 business day period.
If you are having your order shipped internationally, you may need to pay additional fees (duty fees or taxes) on the goods when you pick them up at the post office. These fees vary based on the country, and we CANNOT mark "gift" on the customs form to have the fees waived.
Due to different weights, sizes, and package contents, we must sometimes make adjustments to the original shipping fee that appears on your online order after checkout. Therefore, the shipping charge you see on your order at the time of checkout may be changed by us when we process your order.
Additional shipping and handling charges are accessed at our discretion when we process your order and not by the shopping cart system at time of checkout.
Shipping rules and regulations are consistently changing and may require us to need to access more shipping charges to your order before we ship it.
US Mail quoted shipping times are Estimates and NOT guarantees. If a package does not arrive within quoted time we and USPS are not liable.
Domestic Shipping
Carriers
Time Frame
Shipping Charges
Hawaii and Alaska
Domestic Shipping Rates
Package Loss
Package Retrieval
Holiday Shipping
PO Boxes / APO Boxes
Due to UPS surcharges and variations in size, weight, shipping content, and ship to location, shipping and handling charges are subject to change at any time. Therefore, the shipping charge you see on your order at the time of checkout may be changed by us when we process your order.
Additional shipping and handling charges are accessed at our discretion when we process your order and not by the shopping cart system at time of checkout.
Shipping rules and regulations are consistently changing and may require us to need to access more shipping charges to your order before we ship it.
The term "Free Shipping" as used on our website refers to Free UPS Ground in the 48 U.S. states and no other shipping methods.
Standard Shipping Rate - Online Orders
Our standard shipping method is UPS Ground and is FREE on all orders shipped to the 48 continental states that total over $90.00. Most of our online orders will be shipped via this method, unless otherwise specified by the customer or required by the nature of the order. UPS Ground rates are FREE to the continental 48 states unless your order totals less than $90.00, in which case we may ship via U.S. Mail or UPS Ground at a cost of $9.00 or more for domestic and $25.00 or more for international. The shipping charge you see on your order at the time of checkout may be changed by us when we process your order.
Additional shipping and handling charges are accessed at our discretion when we process your order and not by the shopping cart system at time of checkout.
Shipping rules and regulations are consistently changing and may require us to need to access more shipping charges to your order before we ship it.
HOLIDAY SHIPPING
In order to better service our customers we will occasionally upgrade the shipping method for the customer without contacting them for a Holiday delivery, this is due to variances in delivery dates from the Manufacturer. In the case that we do this we will attempt to split the charge with the customer on the upgraded method which would be UPS 3 day select or UPS Second day air. This policy is in place to assist our customers in happy trouble free holiday shopping.
If you feel that the shipping method change was done in error, please contact us at 1 (877) 756-2475 and we will work to accommodate your request.
*If there is no time line on an item ordered please indicate such in the special instructions box, so we can keep standard shipping on your purchase.
Phone and Mail Orders Shipping
Phone orders are eligible for the Free UPS Ground shipping offer. When placing a phone order, one of our customer service representatives will give you the best shipping rate for your "ship to" location.
UPS Domestic
We use UPS World ship as our standard shipping carrier. If you want your package delivered "Signature Required" you must state this in the section marked "special instructions comments" when checking out and a $3.00 fee may be added to your order.
Please remember UPS does not ship on certain federal holidays. Please see this page for more information. We consider the date to be delivered as the next deliverable day according to UPS delivery schedule.
Any order totaling under $90.00 may be shipped via US Priority Mail or UPS Ground at a rate of $9.00 or more for shipping and handling.
Our default overnight shipping method is Next Day Air Saver, unfortunately we do not offer next day air shipping to our international customers.
(Note: UPS will not deliver to PO, APO, PPO addresses. We will then ship via US Priority Mail to these addresses.)
Due to different weights, sizes, and package contents, we must sometimes make adjustments to the original shipping fee that appears on your online order after checkout.
US Postal Service
Parcel Post, Priority Mail, Air Parcel Post, First Class & Express Mail are the US Mail methods available. A $3.50 charge will be added if insurance. Please note some countries do not offer postal insurance.
Any order totaling under $90.00 may be shipped Priority US Mail or UPS Ground at a rate of $9.00 or more for shipping and handling.
Due to different weights, sizes, and package contents, we must sometimes make adjustments to the original shipping fee that appears on your online order after checkout. Therefore, the shipping charge you see on your order at the time of checkout may be changed by us when we process your order.
Additional shipping and handling charges are accessed at our discretion when we process your order and not by the shopping cart system at time of checkout.
Shipping rules and regulations are consistently changing and may require us to need to access more shipping charges to your order before we ship it.
Hawaii and Alaska
We charge an additional $5.00 for shipping Priority Mail to Alaska & Hawaii on orders totaling over $35.00 ($8.00 if under $35.00). Hawaii & Alaska orders will be shipped via Priority U.S. Mail automatically (add $3.50 if you want insurance) unless another method is specifically requested. Hawaii & Alaska orders receive an additional $10.00 charge on top of the normal rate when shipped via UPS Next Day Air or UPS 2nd Day Air. Please specify if you want insurance.
Note: If you do not request insurance, you order will automatically be shipped without insurance and we will not be held responsible for lost packages.
PO Boxes / APO Boxes
UPS will not ship to PO Boxes or APO addresses. If the product must be shipped to a PO Box or APO address, then U.S. Mail (add $3.50 for insurance) will be the method of delivery. If you would like us to ship your order using something other than US Mail, then
contact us or e-mail us at
shoesurfing@gmail.com
to specify the method you wish to use when shipping your order.
International Shipping
Carriers
Time Frame
Shipping Charges
Package Loss
Holiday Shipping
International Rates
Incorrect
Address Fee
To our international customers: all of our sizes are quoted in US sizing. If you require a different size (UK/Euro sizing) please be sure to indicate that when you type in your size. If no other size chart is indicated we WILL SHIP the American size of any size entered. If you have forgotten to indicate a different size chart please contact us at 1-877-756-2475.
UPS International Shipping options:
Some of our boxes have reached the Netherlands in 3 days!
Responding to customer request we have started using UPS as an additional International shipping carrier. We hope to provide you with a better value for your money, increased service, and satisfaction.
Please remember this is a new service, and some policies are subject to change. Please provide us with feedback at shoesurfing@gmail.com or via any of our feedback forms.
UPS Expedited Service for Canada 2 to 4 Business days $25.00 base rate and $15.00 for each item
UPS Expedited Service for Europe 3 to 6 Business days $65.00 and $15.00 for each item
UPS Expedited Service Other Territories 5 to 8 Business days $70.00 and $20.00
UPS International is a traceable shipping service that requires signature confirmation and is our preferred method of shipment.
Please note that any customs charges, brokerage fees, VAT, or additional taxes levied will be YOUR responsibility they will be collected as a COD (cash on delivery) charge. Shipment times are estimates and are not guaranteed.
Up to three delivery attempts will be made to your shipping address by a UPS associate. If item is not claimed, all charges and fee’s associated with non-receipt will be deducted from your refund/online credit when item is received back to our warehouse.
UPS International Shipping Large Package handling and extended area surcharges
Unfortunately due to varying rates we may occasionally have to assess an extra fee on UPS International shipping for unusually large and/or heavy orders, or if you live in certain areas determined by UPS, known as extended areas.
This fee can range from $20 to $50 US dollars. We will notify you if your order will be subject this extra fee. We appreciate your understanding regarding this issue. This is not often the case and even when applied, the increased speed and track ability make it a superior service to USPS alternatives.
Incorrect Address UPS fee
In the event that an incorrect address is provided on international shipments, the customer is responsible for any and all associated fees with an undeliverable/incorrect address. Please be sure to review the provided ship-to information for correctness. Contact us by phone at 1-877-756-2475 for the quickest service, we cannot guarantee immediate action on emails and do not recommend using them in this situation.
Please specify if you want insurance. Due to certain factors such as weight, size, content, insurance, etc., we may need to adjust the shipping and handling rate used during your online checkout process and reserve the right to change this at any time.
Note: If you do not request insurance, your order will automatically be shipped without insurance and we will not be held responsible for lost packages.
If you are having your order shipped internationally, you may need to pay additional fees (duty fees or taxes) on the goods when you pick them up at the post office. These fees vary based on the country, and we CANNOT mark "gift" on the customs form to have the fees waived.
Some international back orders may be subject to shipping charges. If we determine that some items on your order are back ordered for a long while and we decide to ship you the items(s) we currently have in stock for you order, we may charge you U.S. mail postage or UPS International fees (whichever is cheaper for you.) on the back ordered items.
To our customers from Russia. Please note due to the possibility of fraud, you will be contacted BEFORE your order is processed. We may require extra information. There will also be a $35.00 processing fee associated with your order. We apologize for the inconvenience; we still hope to do business with you!
*We are not responsible for any duties, fees, or taxes you may incur associated with the shipping/handling fees of international and non-international orders. It is your responsibility to pay all duties, fees, and taxes when you pick up your parcel at the post office. Any exchange request from international orders assumes all risk or reoccurring customs charges if any.
Package Loss with UPS
Please check your front door, back door, porch, with your neighbor, or any possible location that the package could be. Refer to your tracking information at UPS.com for specific information for where product was left.
After you are sure that the package is not at your residence please call us at 1-877-756-2475 and explain the situation to one of our customer representatives.
We will report to UPS that the package is not at your location, and issue a tracer on your package. The purpose of the tracer is to provide proof of delivery. If UPS is unable to prove delivery, we will replace your item at no cost, or refund you for the product and shipping cost when applicable. We reserve the right to choose whether to issue a refund or issue a replacement of the product.
The decission that UPS makes on package delivery is final, if they report that the package was indeed delivered to your location, you may not be reimbursed for the product cost.
If you need a replacement product during this time period, it will be handled as a new and separate order. We cannot release new product without payment. We will try our best to accommodate you with new product and shipping at a special rate.
Damage
A damaged package may be reported to UPS by the receiver. An inspection by a UPS representative may be required. A damage inspection report is prepared and we will be contacted with the results of the UPS inspection. If approved for payment, we will replace your item at no cost, or refund your credit card for the product and shipping cost when applicable. We reserve the right to choose whether to issue a refund or issue a replacement of the product.
US Mail International Shipping options:
International Priority Mail 10-15 Business days $41.00 base rate and 9.00 for each item
International Express Mail 5-10 Business days $50.00 base rate and $15.00 for each item
International Priority Mail For Canada! 10-15 Business days $27.50 base rate and 6.50 for each item
International Express Mail For Canada! 4-8 Business days $32.50 base rate and $7.50 for each item
Please specify if you want insurance. Due to certain factors such as weight, size, content, insurance, etc., we may need to adjust the shipping and handling rate used during your online checkout process and reserve the right to change this at any time.
Note: If you do not request insurance, your order will automatically be shipped without insurance and we will not be held responsible for lost packages.
If you are having your order shipped internationally, you may need to pay additional fees (duty fees or taxes) on the goods when you pick them up at the post office. These fees vary based on the country, and we CANNOT mark "gift" on the customs form to have the fees waived.
Some international back orders may be subject to shipping charges. If we determine that some items on your order are back ordered for a long while and we decide to ship you the items(s) we currently have in stock for you order, we may charge you U.S. mail postage or UPS International fees (whichever is cheaper for you.) on the back ordered items.
To our customers from Russia. Please note due to the amount of fraud we have been receiving you will be contact BEFORE your order is processed. We may require extra information. There will also be a $35.00 processing fee associated with your order. We apologize for the inconveneince; we still hope to do business with you!
*We are not responsible for any duties, fees, or taxes you may incur associated with the shipping/handling fees of international and non-international orders. It is your responsibility to pay all duties, fees, and taxes when you pick up your parcel at the post office. Any exchange request from international orders assumes all risk or reoccurring customs charges if any
Privacy Notice
We respect the privacy of our customers! We will retain certain order information for as long as we need it in order to fill back orders. We will contact customers who have back orders exceeding six months before shipping the products. We will never share your customer information or e-mail address with any outside companies or businesses seeking mailing list information. We paper shred any hard copies when we are through with the order and we take the privacy of all credit card information very seriously. Any hard copy paperwork being used to process your order is held in a locked, secure area. All of our servers are secure and we will continue to provide a safe format for online orders. We only store credit information for a short period of time while we are processing your order. Some credit information, on selected orders, may be stored for up to six months on our secured server for the customer's convenience.
Packaging Conservation
Here at
BirkenstockBeach.com
and all of our affiliate web sites, we try to reuse/recycle all corrugated and packaging materials. Not only do we recycle the typical cans, bottles, etc., at our warehouse facility, administrative offices, and retail location, but we also recycle and reuse some of the package and packing materials from our incoming shipments as well as our own used during the shipping and handling process. We even invert many of our incoming boxes so that they get reused.
We try to reuse all tissue papers, stuffing paper, brown paper, popcorn, bubble wrap, styrofoam, plastic bags, packing tape cores, cardboard boxes, etc. that come into our warehouse facility and retail locations. So, if you find any odd-sized or shaped materials inside your package to serve and protect your products we hope you will understand.
Please, we encourage you to try to recycle or reuse any of these materials as we try to conserve and preserve the precious resources on our planet. Thank you!
Donations for Dollars
Click HERE for the form.
Here at ShoeSurfing.com we like to make your shopping experience fantastic, and make you feel good too! That’s why we have our “Donations for Dollars” program. If you have any slightly worn or unused shoes in your closet why not send them in? We’ll donate them through our “Gifts From the Sky” program so they get used by people in need and provide you with a discount on a new pair you want! You can trade in your shoes today for a new pair that will make your feet happy tomorrow! Please read on for further details. Click HERE for the form!
Minimum order to use your credits is $120.00; there is a maximum $5.00 credit per pair sent in. We determine the value of products that come in. We can only allow a maximum of 15 pair sent in at one time per month. There is a maximum of 5 items at $5.00 each for a maximum credit of $25.00 on a single order. There is a $140.00 Minimum order to use a credit of $15.00 or higher.
If you send us 5 or more pairs (up to 15) we can provide you with a pre-paid shipping label, (click Email us to apply). If you receive a shipping label the minimum order to receive a discount becomes $160.00, and the maximum discount of $25.00 for 5 pair will still apply, if more than 5 items are sent in your additional credit above the $25.00 will be carried over to use on other new orders. Any new orders using carried over credits must also total $160.00 or more. Please note that very inexpensive sandals or shoes sent in to us might receive less that the $5.00 credit.
Please email us before you send your items in.
Program Details:
•	Shoes can be sent in at any time; no order needs to be placed before items are sent in. Credits will be kept on file to be used when you place your next order.
•	$120.00 Order minimum without shipping label
o	For discount ($5-$10 credit) after sending in 1-2 pair
•	$140.00 Order Minimum without shipping label
o	For discount ($15-$20 credit) after sending in 3-4 Pair
•	$160.00 Order minimum (with shipping label for 5-10 pair)
o	For discount ($25 credit) after sending in 5 pair or more
•	$5.00 per pair credit per pair received.
•	Maximum of 5 items for a credit to be used on a single order
•	Maximum items taken in per month at one time is 15
•	5 or more products up to 10 qualify for a return label from us
o	4 or less shipping is paid by customer
o	11 or more shipping is paid by the customer
•	Low-end shoes get smaller credit I.e. 2 dollar flip-flop will receive $2.00 dollar credit.
•	Credits can be used on NEW orders and can contain Sale and New items.
•	Credits received are for online use only
•	Cannot be combined with other promotions
We reserve the right to inspect the shoes sent in, once we determine the items are in good condition we will provide you with your credits. Donation credits are not of cash value, and if an order is not placed with us we will not provide any monies to you for your donation. Credits for this program never expire.
We like to make you feel good by offering you a credit towards your next order, and from the feeling that your unused shoes are going to someone who really needs them. Read about where your shoes are going here, we will be shipping out shoes to those in need regularly through our “Gifts From the Sky” program.
Are you in need of a donation? We provide new shoes as well as used shoes in good condition, to those in need with our Gifts From the Sky program.
Complaints
We work very hard to offer you the best customer service we can and to ensure that you have a great online shopping experience. If you have any complaints about our web site or online ordering, we would like to be informed. Please email us at Here with the subject line "Consumer Complaint." Any email sent with this heading is reviewed quickly. We will contact you as soon as possible after receiving your complaint. If you have an order problem, please select the most pertinent heading via our Contact Us page. We thank you for your business and look forward to a satisfactory resolution for you. Thank you!
Note: Due to the complexities of certain server ISP connections, we may not receive your e-mail for a delayed period of time.
Order Problems
If you're having any trouble with your order, please e-mail us via our
Contact Us page choose the subject line "Customer Situation". Please include as many relevant details as you can, including the nature of the problem, your name, order number, date, and anything else that could be pertinent to your order. We will make every effort to quickly resolve the problem and apologize for any inconvenience.
E-marketing disclosure
All Promotions are limited to the Stock we have on hand. If we run out of an item(s) listed in the promotion, our discounted/special pricing will no longer apply.
Sizes available will change quickly during our promotions, we try our best to be accurate with any stock information and stock on hand; however there are cases when we will no longer have the advertised product(s) available and as such will be in contact with alternatives if any apply.
Promotional codes must be entered into the Promotional Code box and if specified the Special Instructions and Comments box to be honored. If Promotion code is not present in both of these boxes the promotions MAY NOT BE honored. Promotional codes are valid on NEW ORDERS ONLY. If you are currently on Back Order new promotions CANNOT be applied, if you wish to use the promotion code you must PLACE A NEW ORDER. But such an action will lose your place in Back Order and we cannot promise receipt of products.
Our Free Shipping is valid on orders totaling over $90.00 and shipping to the 48 contiguous US States. It is NOT valid on any international orders or orders requesting an expedited shipping method. This offer is not valid to Alaska and Hawaii.
Promotions cannot be combined unless explicitly stated on a promotional email. If the promotion is not listed it CANNOT be combined with any other offers or promotions.
Promotional prices quoted in any promotion were accurate at the time of sending, some prices however will change when you visit us. We apologize for any inconvenience, as we do attempt to be as accurate as possible.
Our system does not automatically process some promotions; we will go through manually and adjust prices on your order. If your total is not reflected correctly upon shipment please contact our customer service center at 1-877-756-2475.
We will no reimburse any amount concerning promotions on orders already placed with us before the promotion became active. Promotions are valid on NEW orders only, placed within the duration of the promotion at the bottom of our promotional emails.
*All regular terms and conditions apply, as well as promotional terms and conditions.
Skype
We now offer Skype contact for our international customers; if rates are too high for a landline phone call we would love for you to contact us via Skype. Please note we are on the west coast of the United States of America, as such we are in the Pacific GMT -8 time zone. Our Skype lines are open from 9am to 5:30pm Pacific Standard Time. Occasionally we will attempt to contact you via Skype.
Ordering Methods
Online
Phone
E-mail
Fax
Mail
Why Shop With Us?
Passport Membership
Free Shipping
110% Price Match Guarantee
Free Shoe Giveaway
Sale/New/Hot Item Notification
Email us Here
(877) 756-2475
Return Policy
Exchanges
Shipping Policy for Exchanges
Online Credit
Defective Merchandise
UPS Ground Return Fee
Your Order
Cancellation Policy
Special Orders
Back Orders
Price Changes
Time Frame
Sale Items
Special Items
Volume Order / Bulk Orders
E-Mail Communication
Order Problems
Payment Methods
Signing For Packages
Charging Credit Cards
Identity Theft Prevention Program
PayPal
Layaway
Shipping Rates
Free UPS Shipping
Domestic Shipping
UPS
UPS Incorrect Address Fee
US Mail
Time Frame
Shipping Charges
Hawaii and Alaska
Package Loss
Package Retrieval
Holiday Shipping
PO Boxes / APO Boxes
International Shipping
UPS International
US Mail International
Time Frame
Shipping Charges
Package Loss
Holiday Shipping
Promotional Prices and Discounts
10% Out of Stock Discount
Promotional Price Changes
Passport Membership
110% Price Match Guarantee
Coupon Codes
Other Information
Privacy Notice
Packaging Conservation
Recycle/Re-use
Donation For Dollars
Complaints
Order Problems
E-marketing disclosure
Skype
The terms and conditions on this and all other Ordering & Policy pages are subject to change at any time.
Home
| Current
Styles | What's
Your Size | Hard
to Find Styles | Repair
and Shoe Care
Insoles
& Footbeds | Location
& History | Ordering
& Policy | Contact
Us Anytime! | Birki
Gift Store
BirkenstockBeach.com is your #1
source for birkenstock sandals, birkenstock clogs, birkenstock shoes, discount birkenstock, birki's clogs, birki's sandals, alpro clogs, tatami sandals, newalk sandals, birkenstock womens sandals, womens shoes sandals, women dress sandals, leather sandals women, mens sandals, kids sandals, sale sandals, and more!
Bookmark us!
Product Search:
Call Us TOLL FREE:
1-877-756-2475
Contact us here
TOLL FREE 1-877-756-2475
Seven days a week
Copyright © 2000-2018 BirkenstockBeach.com Designed and Created by ZE