http://bitofbritain.com/privacy
Free shipping on US orders over $99 to Lower 48 StatesEnter to WinEventsExpert AdviceA-B-C JournalPodcastsALL DEPARTMENTSRiding ApparelRiding Breeches & TightsEquestrian Show & Casual ShirtsShow CoatsRiding & Work GlovesEquestrian SocksView AllEquestrian FootwearRiding BootsWork & Barn BootsFootwear AccessoriesRider GearEquestrian Protective WearWhips, Crops & SpursNumbering SystemsChapsEquestrian LifestyleEquestrian LuggageHandbags & AccessoriesJewelryBooks and DVD'sHorse TackBitsBridlesEnglish GirthsHorse Training AidsSaddlesView AllHorse CareHorse Blankets, Sheets & CoolersHorse Boots & WrapsHorse GroomingFirst Aid & LinimentsEquine DewormersView AllBarn/Stable/ArenaStable EquipmentArenasElectronic EquipmentHorse Trailer SuppliesDogsDog HealthcareDog SuppliesGiftsGifts for Cross CountryGifts for the Dressage RiderGifts for StadiumShop Gifts for Every BudgetGift CardsShop Gift Guide for the EventerSign InCartDressageCross CountryStadium JumpingMenWomenYouthGearHorseBrandsSpecialsGiftsPrivacy PolicyThis Privacy Policy describes what personal information we collect, how we use this information, how this information may be shared, and what choices and rights you have with respect to this information. Access and use of our Network is subject to this Privacy Policy.Our “Platform” is made up of bitofbritain.com, and other sites, apps, products, and services on which this Privacy Policy is posted and that are Bit of Britain-branded or operated by the BrandNexity Commerce Group, Inc. d.b.a. Bit of Britain, including our plug-ins, embedded content made available on other sites, and browser extensions, are collectively referred to as "Bit of Britain," "we," or "us" in this Agreement. By “you,” we are referring to visitors and users of any part of our Platform.1. Collection of InformationWe collect personal information that you provide us, from third parties, and automatically when you use our Network. We collect information associated with your device using cookies and similar technologies. We may also receive information about your location.Information You Provide UsWe collect information that you provide us, including your account and profile information, content you submit or post to our Network, your purchase information, your communications, and information you provide to us as part of surveys and contests.Account and Profile Information. When you create an account on Bit of Britain, we collect information you provide us, like your name, email address, interests, gender, age, and profile information. If you are a professional, you may also provide us information related to your business, including a business description and areas served.Purchases. If you purchase or sell products or services or make or receive payments within our Platform, we collect certain information in order to complete your purchases, sales, and payments, such as your phone number, address, and payment method (for example, credit card or bank account information).Communications. When you communicate with us (via email, phone, through our Network, or otherwise) and when you use our Platform to communicate with others, we may record, monitor, or otherwise collect details about your communications (including call time, and call duration). Surveys and Contests. If you participate in our surveys, contests, or promotions, we will collect the information you provide to us.Information from OthersWe collect information that others make available to us, including information from other platforms, publicly available information, information from other users of our Platform, information from our partners, service providers, and corporate affiliates, and information from third-party sites.Other Platforms. We may receive information about you from third-party platforms when you allow the third-party platform to share this information with us or allow Bit of Britain to obtain this information from the third party. For example, you may sign-up for our Network through Facebook, Google, or Apple; upload your contacts from your third-party email service; use our Platform (or a third-party integration on our Platform) to manage your calendar on another platform or to manage and send communications (e.g., email or text messages).Publicly Available Information. If you are a seller, we may collect information about you from publicly available sources and where permitted by applicable law or with your permission, make it available as part of our Platform. For example, we may receive your name and contact information from industry associations and dealer networks in which you participate and display your affiliation with these organizations. We also may collect and display the details of any license you have using publicly available records.Other Users and Customers. Others may post content on our Platform that includes information about you (for example, as part of photos, stories, and reviews) or provide us your information in connection with using our Platform (e.g., to manage their business, organize photoshoots related to their business, participate in referral programs, and to advertise through our Platform). In order to enhance the quality of our Platform, sellers on our Platform may provide us information about your engagement with them, including whether you have contacted them or responded to them, whether your business relationship was satisfactory, and whether you have received a product you have ordered. If you are a seller, Platform users and visitors may provide us with feedback and public reviews about you.Our Partners and Service Providers. We may receive information about you from our partners and service providers. For example, our payment processors may update your payment information, advertising partners may help us send communications to your address, and third parties may help us prevent fraud by verifying your contact information.BrandNexity Commerce Group, Inc. Subject to the privacy policies of our corporate affiliates and in accordance with applicable laws, we may receive information about you from them.Third-Party Sites. Certain third-party sites embed a Bit of Britain plug-in, widget, or content, including through Bit of Britain and Bit of Britain co-branded content partnerships. Our plug-ins, widgets, embedded content, and pixels may collect information pursuant to [Cookie Policy] (/cookie). You may also choose to use our browser extensions, which collect the information described in this Privacy Policy like the rest of our Platform.Automatically Collected Information Each time you access the Platform, information is sent to our server by your Internet browser or app and stored in our log files. We collect information about your use of our Platform, including your search activity, the pages you view, the date and time of your visit, and if you use our browser extensions, the content you interact with on third-party sites (for example, if you save an image from a third-party site to your Bit of Britain account), and how you navigate and interact with a page or screen. We also collect information that your device provides to us in connection with your use of our Platform, such as your browser type, type of device, browser language, IP address, mobile carrier, unique device identifier, and requested and referring URLs.Cookies and Similar TechnologiesWe use cookies and similar technologies in connection with your use of our Platform to collect information related to what you see and interact with on our Platform and other Platform access and use. Please see [Cookie Policy] (/cookie) for more information on our use of cookies and how to accept or opt-out of cookies, but please note that unless required by law, we do not change system behavior within our Platform in response to browser requests not to be tracked.Location InformationWe will receive your device's location if you enable this through your browser or mobile device. We may infer your general location from your IP address. You may also choose to provide us your location information by inputting this information in our Platform, including in your Bit of Britain settings, or when you checkout as a shipping or billing address.2. Use of InformationWe use the personal information we collect to provide, support, and personalize our Platform and to communicate with you about our Platform (on and off our Platform). The ways we do this include the following:a.
to provide and improve our Platform and its features and functionality, including to display content you post publicly, fulfill your purchases through our Platform, process, store, and deliver your communications; to provide customer service and support; to respond to your inquiries or requests; to back-up our systems; and to improve the security of our Platform;b.
to evaluate use of our Platform for our business purposes and to provide and improve our products and services, including new and co-branded products and services and our Platform's functionality;c.
to personalize your experience, such as tailoring the content and information made available to you and our support services;d.
to display relevant advertising (on our Platform and third-party sites) for us and other businesses and to evaluate the success of such advertising;e.
to provide feedback to sellers on our Platform;f.
to communicate with you as described in our agreements with you (for example, the Terms of Use or this Privacy Policy;g.
to prevent fraud and to maintain a quality experience for our business purposes or legal reasons, including to filter for spam and communications that violate our agreements with you (for example, Terms of Use) ;h.
to enforce compliance with our agreements with you (for example, Terms of Use and applicable law; to comply with our legal obligations; to prosecute or defend a lawsuit, arbitration, or similar legal proceeding; to respond to lawful requests by public authorities (including national security or law enforcement requirements);i.
to perform research and analysis for our business purposes; andj.
to award badges or similar designations and if you decide to participate, to administer surveys, contests, and promotions.If you provide us information about your contacts (for example, when you sign up for our Platform through Facebook), in order to facilitate a more connected experience, we may inform your contacts who have accounts on our Platform that you also have joined our Platform.We may use your communications generally for quality assurance purposes and training and to improve our products and services. We may use your communications to understand and help manage the quality of requests received, and responses sent, by sellers on our Platform and to provide them with feedback. We may use automated technology to review your communications and improve user experience.We may use your log-in information, cookie information, device information, IP addresses, and other information to identify you and log your use across devices, our Platform, and third-party sites. We may use this information to personalize your experience on our Platform.For your convenience, we and our payment processors will store information about the payment method you use in connection with the Platform. Note that while our payment processors may store your complete credit card number, Bit of Britain does not. You may remove or change your payment method on Bit of Britain through your settings.Any use of your information that is incompatible with these uses will be disclosed to you in advance so that you may opt out of, or agree to, such uses at your discretion.3. Sharing Your InformationWe do not rent or sell your personal contact information (such as your email address associated with your account registration) to third parties to use for their direct marketing purposes. We share personal information in the following ways:Platform Visitors and UsersIf you are a seller on Bit of Britain, we may display the following information in order to help visitors and users evaluate you: your last visit to Bit of Britain, aggregated information on our Platform about your Platform activity (e.g. response rate), and information that is publicly available from third parties. We have policies that place restrictions on Platform visitors' and users' use of information and content you choose to make available publicly through the Platform.Sellers, and Other Businesses on our NetworkSellers that participate on Bit of Britain may view your public activities on our Platform and receive feedback you provide to us about your engagement with them. In addition, a seller can view your public activities on our Platform that are interactions with their content (for example, reviews and enhanced brand content). The business cannot see your non-public account information (for example, email address) or see private activity (for example, if your wish list is private). We ask sellers, and advertising businesses on our Platform to limit the use of your information to the reasons for which the information was provided.Service Providers and PartnersWe may share your information with service providers and partners as reasonably needed for our uses described in this Privacy Policy. We ask our service providers to limit their use of that information for use on behalf of Bit of Britain and for improving their services and products (in a de-identified form if legally required). Only if you specifically agree to share your contact information with a third-party partner, for example, as part of a contest or promotion we sponsor with such third party, will we share your contact information with that third-party partner for their direct marketing purposes.In addition, we may share information about you with third-party platforms when you allow the third-party platform to receive this information from us or allow Bit of Britain to share this information with the third party. Our Platform may include third-party social media features and other third-party plug-ins and widgets. When these features are displayed on our Platform, they are operated or hosted by third parties and are subject to their own privacy policies instead of this Privacy Policy. For example, you may sign-up for our Platform through Facebook, Google, or Apple.Advertisers and Ad NetworksWe use advertising networks and partners to serve advertisements for us and other businesses, including interest-based advertising, on third-party sites and to assist us in evaluating the effectiveness of our advertising. We may also work with advertising networks and partners to serve ads on our Platform and to communicate with you at the addresses they have for you. We may provide advertising networks, advertising partners, and businesses advertising on our Platform with aggregate information but other than hashed information or device identifiers, we do not disclose your name, contact information, or other personal information. For example, we may provide a hashed version of your email address or other information to advertising networks (e.g., Facebook and Google) to serve advertisements to you or others.We and the businesses advertising on our Platform, advertising networks, and advertising partners may also use cookies or similar technologies to track your activities on our Platform and other online properties in order to provide you with tailored ads across websites, apps, and devices and to understand how those ads perform. To learn how to opt-out of receiving this type of advertising, please see Cookie Policy.Corporate Affiliates and Business TransfersWe may share information from or about you with (a) joint ventures or other companies on Bit of Britain, or (b) a potential or actual acquirer, successor, or assignee as part of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer, or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets, or stock (including in bankruptcy or similar proceedings). In these cases, their use will be subject to this Privacy Policy.Legal ObligationsWe may disclose information from or about you, as required or permitted by applicable law, if we believe that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to (a) comply with legal process and law enforcement instructions and orders, such as a search warrant, subpoena, statute, judicial proceeding, or other legal process served on us, a service provider, or a partner (which may include disclosure to law enforcement, courts, or governmental authorities); (b) prevent, investigate, or identify possible wrongdoing in connection with our Platform; (c) protect our rights, reputation, property, or that of our visitors, users, corporate affiliates, or the public; or (d) enforce compliance with our agreements with you (for example, Terms of Use.4. CommunicationsAn essential part of our services that you sign up for when you create an account on our Platform is to receive communications from Bit of Britain through email and our Platform. If you use our mobile app or provide us with your cell phone number, these communications also include text messages and push notifications. We communicate with you about your account, privacy, and interactions with your content (for example, reviews on our Platform). We also ask for your feedback about your experience in connection with our Platform. In accordance with applicable law, we may send you marketing communications (e.g., with tips, offers, and similar services) from Bit of Britain. These communications may feature us, our Bit of Britain co-branded products and services, sellers, and other businesses on our Platform.If you provide us your phone number, we may call and otherwise contact you to help you with using the Platform (e.g., to assist with your order or if you are a seller, to provide you tips about your advertising). If you are a business, we may use your contact information (whether publicly available or provided to Bit of Britain) to call and otherwise contact you about our Platform, including to market and sell our products or services or those available on our Platform.You may change your communication preferences at any time through your Bit of Britain settings if you have a Bit of Britain account, and you may also opt-out of similar types of marketing emails from us directly through the email. To opt-out of our text messages at any time, you can follow the instructions provided in the text message, which typically is to reply “STOP.” You may opt-out of sales and marketing phone calls from us by letting us know during the call or by contacting us as described in the Contact Us section. Your communication preferences on Bit of Britain are independent and generally will not affect or change the communications you receive through the other portions of the Platform. Please be aware that you cannot opt-out of receiving account- and privacy-related messages from us. If you wish to stop receiving push notifications from us, you can turn off push notifications for the mobile application in the settings of your mobile device.Our Platform also allows you and others to send messages and make calls in our Platform, share content with others outside our Platform, and if you make your contact information available, for others to contact you outside of our Platform.5. Your Choices and RightsWe respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws. We may ask you to verify your identity in order to help us respond to your request securely and efficiently.Even where not legally required, we will use reasonable efforts to complete requests to access or delete your personal information. You may request to receive a copy of your Bit of Britain information through your Bit of Britain settings. You may access your Bit of Britain information by contacting us as provided in the Contact Us section. To request permanent deletion of your personal information, please contact us as described in the Contact Us section.To edit your personal information, you can manage your profile on our Platform, as well as your Bit of Britain settings. You may also contact us about correcting or updating your personal information (including your marketing preferences) using the methods provided in the Contact Us section. We will consider your request in accordance with applicable laws.6. Account Termination and Data RetentionUnless you are a seller on Bit of Britain, you can deactivate your Bit of Britain account at any time by going to your Bit of Britain settings. To deactivate your account as a seller on Bit of Britain, please contact us as described in the Contact Us section of this Privacy Policy. When you deactivate your account, you will cease to provide ongoing or future data to us that is associated with your account.
In order to request permanent deletion of the personal information associated with your account, please contact us as described in the Contact Us section.We will keep your personal information only for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which we are processing your personal information unless the law permits or requires us to retain your personal information for a longer period. For example, we may need to keep your personal data for quality assurance purposes for our Platform or to defend future legal claims. We also will retain de-identified information after your account has been deleted. Information you have shared with others will remain visible after your account has been deactivated or deleted and after the information has been deleted from your own account. We do not control information or content that others have copied out of our Platform. Please note that copies of information that you have updated, modified, or deleted may continue to reside in our systems for a period of time, and we may maintain copies of this information as part of our business records.7. ChildrenOur Platform is intended for general audiences and is not directed to children under 16. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 16. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 16, we will take appropriate steps to delete that information. If you become aware or believe that a child has provided us with personal information, please contact us as provided in the Contact Us section.8. Data SecurityWe use reasonable and appropriate measures to protect your personal information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction, taking into account the risks involved in the processing and the nature of the personal information.9. Updates to this Privacy PolicyWe may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. The most current version of our Privacy Policy will govern our use of information about you. If we make material changes to our Privacy Policy, we will notify you by email or by posting a notice on our Platform or by other means, to offer you an opportunity to review the changes before they become effective. By continuing to access or use our Platform after those changes become effective, you are subject to the revised Privacy Policy.10. Contact UsWithin the Platform, BrandNexity Commerce Group, Inc. d.b.a. Bit of Britain is responsible for the use of your personal information. If you have questions or comments about this Privacy Policy (including about the manner in which we or our service providers treat your personal information), you may reach our Chief Privacy Officer by mailing us at our address at 75 Stark Street, Suite 1, Dock 2, Hudson, PA
18705 USA, Attn: Chief Privacy Officer or by emailing,
Attn: Chief Privacy Officer.11. Additional Information for Individuals from the European Economic AreaIf you are from the EEA, our legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Policy will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. We collect and use your information for a variety of business purposes that are in our legitimate interests, in order to enter into or perform a contract with you, with your consent, or to comply with our legal obligations.If we have collected and processed your personal information with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect the processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.If you wish to learn more about specific legal grounds we rely on to process your information for any particular purpose (including any legitimate interests we have to process this information), please contact us as provided under the Contact Us section. For example, we rely on our legitimate interests to process information for direct marketing purposes and for fraud prevention and detection, provided these interests are not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms.Bit of Britain takes reasonable steps to ensure that the data we collect is reliable for its intended use, accurate, complete, and up to date. In addition to the rights described in the Your Choices and Rights section, you have additional rights in relation to your personal information, including the right to object to, or to ask us to restrict, the processing of your personal information. You can exercise these rights by contacting us as provided in the Contact Us section. You also can deactivate your account through your Bit of Britain settings. You can complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal information in relation to the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and other applicable law. For more information, and to submit a GDPR complaint, please contact your local data protection authority.13. Additional Information for Individuals from CaliforniaThis section provides specific information for California consumers to address the California Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA").We do not disclose your data in exchange for money except at your request or direction. For California residents, the CCPA defines “selling” personal information to include providing it to a third party in exchange for valuable services. We disclose information to certain third parties in exchange for valuable services, such as advertising services, which may constitute a “sale” under the CCPA. You may opt-out of this disclosure of your data for commercial purposes through your Bit of Britain privacy settings.In addition to the rights described above and in the Your Choices and Rights section, California consumers may also, up to twice every 12 months and subject to certain exceptions, request us to provide information about how we have used and shared your personal information in the prior 12 months. Please submit these requests for information, as well as requests to access or delete your information, through our Contact Us Form, through your privacy setting, or by emailing us at privacy@bitofbritain.com.The Collection of Information section of this Privacy Policy describes the sources from which we collect your personal information. The Use of Information section of this Privacy Policy describes the purposes for which we collect your personal information. The Sharing Your Information section of this Privacy Policy describes the types of third parties with which we share your personal information.Consistent with the CCPA, except to the extent reasonably related to the value of your personal information, we will not treat California consumers differently for exercising their rights under the CCPA.Effective March 1, 2020Sign up for Email Newsletters75 Stark Street Suite 1, Dock 2 Hudson, PA 18705COMPANYAbout Bit of BritainGift CardsTermsPrivacyCopyright & TrademarkBUSINESS SERVICESAdvertiseSell on Bit of BritainGET HELPYour OrdersShipping and DeliveryReturn PolicyContact UsCONNECT WITH USA-B-C JournalInstagramFacebookYouTube100% Secure CheckoutNeed help with an existing Bit of Britain order? Call 610-510-7262 (Mon-Fri)