https://bitsofivory.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Please also read our Terms and Conditions of Use.
Purpose
Bitsofivory.com (hereinafter “we,” “our,” “us”) is committed to protecting your privacy and maintaining a quality online experience for our website viewers. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, handle, store, and protect personal information about you as a visitor and/or user of our website; your rights in relation to your personal information; and how you can contact us and supervisory authorities in the event you have questions about how we handle your personal information.
Privacy Policy Consent
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully and in its entirety before using bitsofivory.com. You, as a visitor and/or user of our website, agree to the following Privacy Policy, and your access and/or use of our website, products, and/or services constitutes your voluntary acceptance to be bound by its terms, whether you have read it or have had the opportunity to read it and have chosen not to. Your use of our website, and any information that you contribute or provide to us, is subject to this Privacy Policy.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA)
This website and any products and services offered herein are not intended for persons under the age of 18.
We prohibit children under the age of 18 from using any and all interactive portions of this website, including leaving any comments, filling out forms, or otherwise submitting information. A child’s parent or guardian should contact us if we have inadvertently collected any information or content from that child without the parent or guardian’s authorization, so that we may delete that information from our records.
CAN-SPAM Act of 2003
We have taken the necessary steps to ensure that we are in compliance with the Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited Pornography And Marketing (CAN-SPAM) Act of 2003 and will not send misleading information.
Personal Information We Collect
The type of personal information we collect depends on how you are interacting with us.
The personal information we collect from you consists of the following:
Name and contact data, such as, first and last name, email address, postal address, phone number, and other similar contact data;
Payment information, such as, payment card number (credit or debit card), and the security code associated with your payment instrument, if you make a payment; and
Comments, feedback, questions and other information you provide to us.
How We Use the Information You Provide
We will not sell or trade your personal information.
We will not transfer your personal information unless we give you advance written notice or need to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and/or enforce our agreements.
Depending on how you interact with us, we use your personal information to:
Process and fulfill an order, download, subscription, or other transaction;
Respond to your requests, inquiries, comments and concerns;
Send marketing emails;
Inform you of and administer promotions, contests, sweepstakes or surveys;
Help us address problems with and improve our website;
Protect the security and integrity of our website; and
Contact you for other business reasons, if necessary.
Use of Cookies
“Cookies” are small text files that are placed on a computer or other device and used to identify the user or device and to collect information when you visit a website.
We use absolutely necessary cookies, which allow you to move around our website and use its features.
You can disable cookies through your web browser’s settings, but disabling this function may diminish your experience on our website as some features may not work as intended.
Third Party Cookies: We also use statistic cookies to help us understand how visitors interact with our website by collecting and reporting information anonymously. The Websites use tracking cookies through resources such as Google Analytics, Google Tag Manager, and Pinterest.
The Google Analytics and Google Tag Manager cookies allow us to track, in aggregate, but in no personally identifiable way and without using personal data, traffic patterns on the site so we can optimize our web development and content efforts to better meet visitors’ needs.
Types of data that Google Analytics and Google Tag Manager track includes (but is not limited to):
Pages visited and number of pages visited per session
Device type, operating system, and browser type and version
Referring websites or URLs
Site search keywords
“Do Not Track” (DNT) Signals
Some browsers transmit Do Not Track (DNT) signals to websites.
Due to the lack of a common interpretation of DNT signals throughout the industry, we do not currently alter, change, or respond to DNT requests or signals from these browsers.
How the Information is Shared and Stored
Depending on how you interact with us, we share information with our third-party service providers, agents and representatives, including, but not limited to, eCommerce platform providers, payment processing providers, email service providers, IT service providers, security providers, and software service providers, in order to process the information as necessary to complete a transaction, fulfill your request, or otherwise on our behalf based on our instructions and in compliance with this Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
We also will disclose your personal information if we have a good faith belief that such disclosure is necessary to:
meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or other legal obligation;
detect, investigate and help prevent security, fraud or technical issues; and/or
protect the rights, property, or safety of www.bitsofivory.com, our users, employees or others.
Our current third-party service providers include:
PayPal
Mailchimp
Google
JetPack/WordPress
Information Retention
We retain your personal information for as long as necessary to fulfill the transactions you have requested, or for other essential purposes such as complying with our legal obligations, maintaining business and financial records, resolving disputes, maintaining security, detecting and preventing fraud and abuse, and enforcing our agreements, or until such time as you let us know you would like for us to delete it or unsubscribe from our marketing contacts.
Information Protection and Security
Our website uses commercially acceptable security measures to prevent your personal information from being lost, used or accessed in an unauthorized way. We use a Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) certificate and never transmit your credit card information via email. If you receive an email from us that appears to be a request for personal information, do not respond because it may be a phishing scam designed to steal your personal information.
We cannot guarantee that your personal information will always be secure. Should there be a data breach, we will notify you when we are legally required to do so.
Use and Transfer of Your Information Out of the European Economic Area (EEA)
This website is operated in the United States and the third parties with whom we might share your personal information (as explained above) are also located in the United States or other countries located outside the European Economic Area.
If you are located outside of the United States, please be aware that any information you provide will be transferred to the United States. By using this website, participating in any of its services and/or providing your information, you consent to this transfer.
Your Rights to Control Your Information
You can unsubscribe from our e-newsletters or updates at any time through the unsubscribe links found in the communications you receive from us.
If you are covered by the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), you may have rights under European and other laws to have access to your personal information and to ask us to rectify, erase and restrict use of your personal information. You may also have rights to object to your personal information being used, to ask for the transfer of personal information you have made available to us, and to withdraw consent to the use of your personal information. Further information on how to exercise your rights is set out below.
We will honor your rights under applicable data protection laws. You have the following rights under European laws, and may have similar rights under the laws of other countries:
Right of access: to make a written request for access to and a copy of your personal information
Right to rectification: to have your inaccurate personal information corrected or removed
Right to erasure (‘right to be forgotten’): to have your personal information erased
Right to restriction of processing: to limit the purposes that your personal information may be used for
Right to object: to object to the processing of your personal information in cases where our processing is based on direct marketing, processing for scientific/historical research and statistics, legitimate interest processing, and processing in regards to the performance of a public interest or official authority task
Right to data portability: to have your personal information transferred to you or a third party in machine-readable format
Right to withdraw consent: to withdraw your consent that we handle your personal information at any time. The withdrawal of your consent shall not affect the lawfulness of processing based on your consent before its withdrawal
These rights are not absolute and they do not always apply in all cases.
Filing a Complaint
If you are covered by the GDPR, and you are not content with how we manage your personal information, you may lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in the European Union (or European Economic Area) state where you are a resident, work, or where the alleged infringement of data protection laws took place.
Contact Us
If you would like to “opt out” or have any questions, comments, complaints, or suggestions in relation to data protection or this Privacy Policy, or any other concerns about the way in which we process information about you or you wish to change your personal information in our records, please contact us by email or postal mail:
bitsofivorydashboard@gmail.com
Barbara Williams
0198 Old Main Hill #1220
Logan, Utah 84322
Changes to this Privacy Notice
This policy is effective as of December 1, 2019. We may change, modify, or update this Privacy Policy at any time and will notify you of any such changes by email (if you have provided your email to us) and/or by a prominent notice displayed on our website at least 10 days prior to implementing the change. We recommend that you check the Privacy Policy when you visit our website to be sure that you are aware of our most current policy.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience (learn more). By using our site, you agree to our use of cookies.
I AcceptPrivacy Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.