http://blackmountaingold.com/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Close menu
HOME
PRIVATE RESERVE
ONECUP
SF Bay Coffee
Organic Coffee Co.
WHOLE BEAN
SF Bay Coffee
Organic Coffee Co.
GROUND
SF Bay Coffee
Organic Coffee Co.
MORE
Sale
Merch
Seasonal
Specialty
Our Favorites
ABOUT
Our People
Our Family
Our Practice
Social Programs
Where To Find Us
Subscribe To Save
LEARN
Blog
Recipes
How Coffee Grows
Coffee Roasting
Coffee Cupping
How to Brew Coffee
Decaf Process
Nutrition Information
Compostable FAQ
Log in
Instagram
Facebook
Twitter
Cart
Close cart
Instagram
Facebook
Twitter
Free shipping
On orders $50 and above (excludes noncontiguous states)
100% Satisfaction Guarantee
1-800-829-1300
SF Bay Online Privacy Policy.On May 25, 2018, the most significant piece of European data protection legislation in 20 years came into effect with the European Union’s (EU) General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what data we collect, why we collect it, and what we do with it. Please, take time to read our Privacy Policy.Section 1 - What Do We Do With Your InformationWhen you purchase something from our store, as part of the buying and selling process, we collect the personal information you give us such as your name, address and email address.
When you browse our store, we also automatically receive your computer’s internet protocol (IP) address in order to provide us with information that helps us learn about your browser and operating system.Section 2 - ConsentHow do you get my consent?
When you provide us with personal information to complete a transaction, verify your credit card, place an order, arrange for a delivery or return a purchase, we imply that you consent to our collecting it and using it for that specific reason only.
If we ask for your personal information for a secondary reason, like marketing, we will either ask you directly for your expressed consent, or provide you with an opportunity to say no.
How do I withdraw my consent?
If after you opt-in, you change your mind, you may withdraw your consent for us to contact you, for the continued collection, use or disclosure of your information, at any time by using the link in the mailings or by emailing dpo@sfbaycoffee.com
How do I remove my information?
If you wish to access, delete, or correct your personal information, please contact: dpo@sfbaycoffee.com or call our customer service center at 1-800-829-1300. Please state clear in the subject that your request concerns a privacy matter, and more specific whether it is a request for access, correction or deletion. Bear in mind that we may ask for additional information to determine your identity.Section 3 - DisclosureWe may disclose your personal information if we are required by law to do so or if you violate our Terms of Service.Section 4 - HostingOur recurring order platform is hosted by a 3rd party. They use leading technologies and best practices to comply with all industry regulations surrounding security and privacy.Section 5 - PaymentAll direct payment gateways adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, MasterCard, American Express and Discover.
PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of credit card information by our store and its service providers.Section 6 - Third-Party ServicesIn general, the third-party providers used by us will only collect, use and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us.
However, certain third-party service providers, such as payment gateways and other payment transaction processors, have their own privacy policies in respect to the information we are required to provide to them for your purchase-related transactions.
For these providers, we recommend that you read their privacy policies so you can understand the manner in which your personal information will be handled by these providers.
In particular, remember that certain providers may be located in or have facilities that are located a different jurisdiction than either you or us. So if you elect to proceed with a transaction that involves the services of a third-party service provider, then your information may become subject to the laws of the jurisdiction(s) in which that service provider or its facilities are located.
As an example, if you are located in Canada and your transaction is processed by a payment gateway located in the United States, then your personal information used in completing that transaction may be subject to disclosure under United States legislation, including the Patriot Act.
Once you leave our store’s website or are redirected to a third-party website or application, you are no longer governed by this Privacy Policy or our website’s Terms of Service.
Links
When you click on links on our store, they may direct you away from our site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements.
Section 7 - SecurityWe take your right to privacy seriously and work continuously to keep the data we process minimized and in your control. To protect your personal information, we follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed.
If you provide us with your credit card information, the information is encrypted using secure socket layer technology (SSL) and stored with a AES-256 encryption. Although no method of transmission over the Internet or electronic storage is 100% secure, we follow all PCI-DSS requirements and implement additional generally accepted industry standards.Section 8 - Age of ConsentBy using this site, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site.Section 9 Changes to This Privacy PolicyQuestions and Contact Information
If you would like to access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information please contact our Privacy Compliance Officer through by emailing dpo@sfbcoffee.com
Previous
Next
"Close (esc)"
WHAT'S YOUR EMAIL?
ADD TO WISHLIST
Product has been added to your wishlist.
You can view your wishlist by creating or login account.
Please create account through ##customer_email## email
Login
Register