http://blessedherbs.com/customer_service/terms
Free shipping for U.S. customers only
Cleanses
Choosing Your Cleanse
Comparison Chart
Products
The Internal Cleansing Kit
The Colon Cleansing Kit
Refresh 1-Day Quick Cleanse
Cleanse 24/7 Daily Detox
Cleanse Support
Frequently Asked Questions
Ask the Herbalist
Kit Comparison Chart
Digestive Support
Targeted Support
Bestsellers
All Products
Cleanses
The Internal Cleansing Kit
The Colon Cleansing Kit
Refresh 1-Day Quick Cleanse
Cleanse 24/7 Daily Detox
Choosing Your Cleanse
Comparison Chart
Digestive Support
Digestive Stimulator
Digestive Enzyme Enhancer
Toxin Absorber
Probiotic Optimizer
Friendly Bacteria Replenisher
Mood Support
FemComfort
Mental Oneness
Targeted Support
Dual Collagen Complex
SimplySlim
Super Energy Bio Blend
Liver & Gallbladder Rejuvenator
Toxin Neutralizer
Wellness Stimulator
Kidney & Bladder Rejuvenator
Lymph Rejuvenator
Blood & Skin Rejuvenator
Lung Rejuvenator
New Products
Specials
Clearance Products
My Account
Contact Us
Search
Search
SEARCH
Click here to see current specials
Terms and Conditions
Customer Agreement
A. Confidentiality: Unless otherwise noted, all information received by Customer from Company (the “Seller”) is to be deemed confidential including but not limited to; pricing, product specifications, facility information and general know how.
B. Disclaimer of Warranties.
SELLER SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ALL EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY WARRANTIES, INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, MERCHANTABILITY, TITLE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING FROM COURSE OF CONDUCT OR USAGE OF TRADE.
NO PERSON IS AUTHORIZED TO MAKE ANY OTHER WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION CONCERNING THE PERFORMANCE OF THE PRODUCTS OTHER THAN AS PROVIDED IN THIS SECTION.
C. Third Party Beneficiary: Seller expressly disclaims any liability to or warranties made for the benefit of any third party, including, but not limited to, any third party to whom Customer may sell or transfer the goods which are the subject of this Agreement (“Agreement”). Notwithstanding the foregoing, these terms shall be binding upon Customer and all subsequent owners and users of these goods.
D. Exemption: Those customers who have either signed one of Seller’s policies or agreements OR if there is a separate agreement signed by both Seller and Customer then those Customers may be exempt from certain provisions of this Agreement.
In this situation if a provision in the agreement Customer has signed conflicts with this Agreement then that provision in the signed agreement will supersede the provision herein and govern that subject matter.
The remainder of provisions herein that do not conflict with provisions in such written agreement will be governed by the provisions in this Agreement.
E. Return Policy:
Seller’s return policy and other business terms are located on Seller’s website under Return Policy.
That Return Policy is hereby incorporated herein by reference. Please refer to the Seller’s website for more information.
F. Limitation of Liability:
Seller shall not be responsible or held liable to Customer for indirect, consequential, incidental, special or exemplary damages, including but not limited to, loss of revenue or anticipated profits, loss of investment, loss of product, business interruption or lost business, personal injuries or any payments due for personal injury, even if Seller has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, any liability incurred by Seller, including obligations under any indemnity, shall be limited to the value of the products actually purchased by Customer from SELLER that gave rise to the claim or liability, and in no circumstances shall exceed the lesser of (i) Customer’s insurance deductible; (ii) $500,000 per occurrence, (iii) $1,000,000 in the aggregate.
These terms shall apply regardless of the form of action, whether in contract, in tort (including negligence and strict liability) or otherwise, and extends to Seller’s employees, agents, and representatives as third-party beneficiaries.
G. Indemnification. Customer shall indemnify, defend and hold Seller, its successors, assigns and affiliates and their directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives and shareholders harmless from and against any and all claims, demands, losses, liabilities, costs, damages, and causes of action, including attorneys’ fees and costs, arising out of or in any way related to Customer’s negligence, acts or omissions, whether arising out of contract, tort, or otherwise, unless due to Seller’s willful acts or omissions.
H. Venue and Choice of Law:
The Agreement shall be deemed entered into in the State of Florida and shall be construed and enforced in accordance with Florida law. The parties agree that the Florida courts shall have jurisdiction and shall be the proper place of venue with respect to any litigation relating to, or arising out of, this Agreement. The Customer waives the right to trial by jury in any action related to or arising from this Agreement.
I. Attorneys’ Fees and Costs:
If Customer breaches the terms of this Agreement, Customer agrees to pay Seller all costs of the collection and enforcement of this Agreement, including attorneys’ fees and costs, whether incurred in or out of court.
J. Assignability: The Customer may not assign its rights or obligations under this Agreement without Seller’ consent. This Agreement shall be binding upon the parties hereto, their heirs, assigns or successors in interest by merger, operation of law, or by purchase of the entire or substantially all the business of either party.
K. Acknowledgment of Acceptance:
All representations relating to the goods and services are contained in this Agreement. Customer acknowledges that, before accepting any goods and services from Seller, it has read and understood all terms and conditions herein, in particular Paragraph II titled “Warranties.” By accepting any products, Customer accepts the terms set forth herein.
L. Conflicts:
The terms of this Agreement shall control if in conflict with the terms of the Customer’s purchase order.
M. Survival:
The sections contained B, C, F, & G and all other sections providing for limitation of or protection against liability of Seller in this Agreement shall apply notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement and shall survive termination, cancellation or expiration of this Agreement.
N.	Severability: If all or any part of this Agreement is found invalid or unenforceable pursuant to judicial decree, the remainder shall remain valid and enforceable according to its terms. The parties further agree to replace any such void or unenforceable provision of this Agreement with a valid and enforceable provision which will achieve, to the extent possible, the economic, business, and other purposes of the void or unenforceable provision.
Terms of Use
These Terms of Use are a contract between you and Blessed Herbs, Inc. (“Blessed Herbs”), a company with a principal place of business at 1301 Sawgrass Corporate Parkway Sunrise, FL 33323, USA. Blessed Herbs is pleased to provide this website www.BlessedHerbs.com
for your personal use. However, by using this website, you agree to the terms and conditions provided below and the Privacy Policy on the website, as they govern your access to and use of this website. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, please do not visit or use this website. This website is not intended for use by persons under the age of 18 or by any users previously suspended or removed from this website by Blessed Herbs. By using this website, you represent that you are at least 18 years of age and have not been previously suspended or removed from any of this website by Blessed Herbs.
1. Use of Website and Website Material
Except as expressly stated therein, this website is provided for your personal, non-commercial use. Blessed Herbs reserves the right to restrict your use of this website at any time. It is a condition of your use of the website that you do NOT: (i) restrict or inhibit any other user from using and enjoying the website; (ii) post or transmit any unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane or indecent information of any kind, including, without limitation, any images or other material depicting nudity; (iii) post or transmit comments containing harassing or offensive language, including sexual references, sexual nicknames, ethnic or racial slurs, hate propaganda, hate mongering, swearing or rude or deliberately offensive comments, or engage in disruptive activities online, including excessive use of the return key or flooding; (iv) post, upload or transmit any content that is fraudulent or violates or infringes the rights of others, including material that violates privacy or publicity rights, or infringes copyright, trademark or other proprietary rights, unless you first obtain permission from the owner or right holder, and such owner or holder agrees to these Terms of Use; (v) post, upload or transmit any information, software or other material that contains a virus or other harmful or corrupted component; (vi) post or transmit content that encourages or provides instructional activities about illegal activities, in particular hacking, cracking or distribution of counterfeit software; (vii) post, transmit or in any way exploit any information, software or other material for commercial purposes or that contains advertising, “junk mail,” “spam,” or “chain letters”; (viii) solicit other users to join or contribute money to any online service or other organization, advocate or attempt to get users to join in illegal schemes or plan or participate in scams involving other users; (ix) impersonate any person or entity or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your professional or other affiliation with any person or entity or indicate that you are an employee or representative of Blessed Herbs or its affiliates; (x) resell or redistribute the information derived from the website in a machine-readable database; (xi) use the website to collect personally identifying information about users of the website in violation of the privacy policy for the website; or (xii) disguise a file type to thwart Blessed Herbs’ detection process. If your use of the website causes Blessed Herbs to be liable to any third party, you agree to indemnify Blessed Herbs, its employees, officers, directors, affiliates, subsidiaries, agents, representatives and all related parties from and against any and all damages, costs, judgments and expenses (including reasonable attorney fees) which it incurs as a result.
2. Ownership of Content
This website is owned and operated by Blessed Herbs. The visual interfaces, graphics, design, compilation, information, computer code (including source code or object code), products, software, services, and all other elements of this website (the “Materials”) are protected by United States copyright, trade dress, patent, and trademark laws, international conventions, and all other relevant intellectual property and proprietary rights, and applicable laws and regulations. All Materials contained on this website are the property of Blessed Herbs or its parent or affiliated companies and/or third-party licensors, and it is Blessed Herbs’ policy to enforce its intellectual property rights to the utmost extent as set forth in applicable laws, including criminal sanctions. All trademarks, logos and service marks displayed on this website, whether registered or unregistered, are owned or licensed exclusively by Blessed Herbs or its affiliates and/or other third parties. Nothing contained in these Terms of Use, nor your use of the Materials or the transmission of the Materials on this website shall be construed as granting you any license or right in or to any patents, copyrights, trademarks, logos, or service marks owned or controlled by Blessed Herbs and/or any third parties. Blessed Herbs reserves all rights not expressly granted in this Terms of Use. License Blessed Herbs hereby grants you a nontransferable, nonexclusive license to use the Materials contained on this website solely for your own personal, non-commercial use, and information. You may download and/or print a single copy of any of the Materials contained in this website for your personal use provided that both the copyright notice and the permission notice appear on the copy and provided that the Materials are not modified. You shall not otherwise reproduce, display, publish, distribute, sell, license, or modify the Materials or incorporate the Materials into other documents, websites, or publications. Except as expressly provided herein, Blessed Herbs does not grant any express or implied right to you or any other person under any intellectual or proprietary rights. Accordingly, your unauthorized use of the website may violate intellectual property or other proprietary rights laws as well as other laws, regulations, and statutes.
3. No Medical Advice
The health information contained in this website is provided for educational purposes only and is not intended to replace discussions with a physician or other health care provider.
Your use of this website and the Materials contained in this website is at your own risk. By using this website, you acknowledge that Blessed Herbs is providing the Materials for informational purposes only, and that Blessed Herbs is not providing the Materials to you for the purpose of giving you medical advice. You should not rely on the Materials when choosing a treatment plan, or evaluating any other medical advice regarding any disease or medical condition. Blessed Herbs strongly urges that you consult with a physician in connection with any and all treatment options that may be available to you and independently verify any treatment information on which you intend to rely.
4. Privacy
You confirm that you have read and accept our Privacy Policy.
5. Modification of these Terms of Use; Termination.
Blessed Herbs reserves the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or delete portions of these Terms of Use at any time without prior notification. Please check these Terms of Use periodically for changes. Your continued use of this website after the posting of changes constitutes your binding acceptance of such changes. Blessed Herbs reserves the right to limit, suspect or terminate your access and use of this website at any time without notice.
6. Third-Party Sites, Products and Services; Links.
6.1. For the convenience of our visitors, this website may include links or references to other external websites or services (“Reference Sites”). Links on Reference Sites may lead to resources located on servers maintained by third parties over whom Blessed Herbs has no control. Blessed Herbs is not responsible for third party content or the consequences of your use of the Reference Sites. Blessed Herbs does not endorse any such Reference Sites or the information, materials, products, or services contained on or accessible through Reference Sites. While Blessed Herbs attempts to provide links only to third-party websites that comply with all applicable laws and regulations and Blessed Herbs standards, please understand that the content on these third-party websites is subject to change without notice. Access and use of Reference Sites, including the information, materials, products, and services on or available through Reference Sites is solely at your own risk, and we therefore cannot be responsible for, and accept no liability for, any information or opinion contained in any third-party website. Blessed Herbs makes no warranties, express, statutory or implied, with respect to the Reference Sites. You acknowledge and agree that Blessed Herbs shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any information, materials, products, or services contained on or accessible through Reference Sites. 6.2. Blessed Herbs claims no ownership in, nor any affiliation with, any third-party trademarks appearing in this website. Such third-party trademarks are used only to identify the products and services of their respective owners, and no sponsorship or endorsement on the part of Blessed Herbs should be inferred from the use of these marks.
7. Expert Advice or Opinion.
As a useful resource to our visitors, this website may contain expert opinions. Information in this website identified as expert opinion, or accessed from this site by hyperlink, represents the opinions of these respective experts, which are not necessarily those of Blessed Herbs.
8. Disclaimer of Warranties
Blessed Herbs is committed to keeping this website up-to-date. This website has been developed as a service of Blessed Herbs for consumers seeking basic health care information. Like any other service, in spite of our efforts, the information in this website may become out of date over time, and may contain inaccuracies, technical inaccuracies and/or typographical errors, and the information may be changed periodically. Accordingly, Blessed Herbs does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of any information contained in this website. This website and Materials are provided to you on an “AS IS” basis. BLESSED HERBS DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL EXPRESS, STATUTORY, OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO THIS WEBSITE OR THE MATERIALS, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS, AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusion may not apply to you.
9. Limitation of Liability and Damages
BLESSED HERBS AND ANY OF ITS EMPLOYEES, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, AND AGENTS, OR ANY OTHER PARTY INVOLVED IN CREATING, PRODUCING, OR DELIVERING THIS WEBSITE, IS NOT LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE AND CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOSS OF PROFITS, GOODWILL, DATA OR USE) WHATSOEVER ARISING OUT OF YOUR ACCESS TO, OR USE OF, THIS WEBSITE OR ANY MATERIAL FROM THIS WEBSITE , EVEN IF SUCH PARTIES HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THE FOREGOING LIMITATION SHALL APPLY REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF ACTION AND WHETHER IN CONTRACT, BREACH OF WARRANTY, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE. CERTAIN STATE LAWS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY TO YOU, YOU MIGHT HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS. IF YOU ARE DISSATISFIED WITH THIS SITE OR ANY PORTION HEREOF, OR WITH ANY OF THESE TERMS OF USE, YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY IS TO DISCONTINUE USING THIS WEB SITE.
Blessed Herbs assumes no liability or responsibility for any damage to you, your computer, or your other property, due to your access to, use of, or downloading of this website or any materials provided on this website.
10. Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, save, and hold Blessed Herbs, its affiliated companies, contractors, employees, agents and its third-party suppliers, licensors, and partners harmless from any claims, losses, damages, liabilities, including legal fees and expenses, arising out of your use or misuse of this website, any violation by you of these Terms of Use, or any breach of the representations, warranties, and covenants made by you in connection with your use of this website. Blessed Herbs reserves the right, at your expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter for which you are required to indemnify Blessed Herbs, and you agree to cooperate with Blessed Herbs’ defense of these claims. Blessed Herbs will use reasonable efforts to notify you of any such claim, action, or proceeding upon becoming aware of it.
11. Special Considerations for International Use
Recognizing the global nature of the Internet, you agree to comply with all local rules regarding online conduct. Specifically, you agree to comply with all applicable laws regarding the transmission of technical and personal data exported from the United States or the country in which you reside.
12. Applicable Law
You agree that the laws of the State of Florida govern any use of this website, without regard to rules relating to conflict of laws that would apply the substantive laws of another jurisdiction, including with regard to any dispute arising out of your use of this website or material from this website. The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods shall not apply. Any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this Terms of Use or breach hereof, or otherwise relating to this website (with the exception of injunctive relief sought by Blessed Herbs for any violation of Blessed Herbs’ proprietary rights), shall be settled by binding arbitration administered by the American Arbitration Association in accordance with its then-current rules. The arbitration shall be decided by one (1) arbitrator, who shall be an attorney having experience and familiarity with information technology disputes. The language of the arbitration shall be English. The location of arbitration shall be Sunrise, Florida, USA. The arbitrator may award to the prevailing party, if any, as determined by the arbitrator, its costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees. Except as may be required by law, neither a party nor an arbitrator may disclose the existence, content or results of any arbitration hereunder without the prior written consent of both parties. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no such arbitration shall be joined to an arbitration involving any other party subject to these Terms of Use, whether through class arbitration proceedings or otherwise. Each party hereby waives its right to a trial by jury for any disputes between the parties. Subject to the dispute resolution procedures and requirements set forth above, the courts of the State of Florida, as well as appropriate federal courts located in the State of Florida, shall have exclusive jurisdiction over all claims.
13. Idea Submission.
Blessed Herbs does not accept unsolicited ideas for new products, packaging, marketing, advertising, research, business operations and the like. Should you ignore this policy and submit an idea to Blessed Herbs, you agree that the idea becomes and remains the sole and exclusive property of Blessed Herbs without further liability or compensation to you. Blessed Herbs welcomes your comments and suggestions on this website, but Blessed Herbs does not seek to solicit any confidential or proprietary ideas, suggestions, materials or other information relating to developing, designing, redesigning, modifying, manufacturing or marketing its products or any new products. By submitting information, you warrant that Blessed Herbs may publish such information, use it as part of its operations, and incorporate its concepts in Blessed Herbs products without liability or compensation to you.
14. Miscellaneous
The failure of Blessed Herbs to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the Terms of Use shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. If a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision of the Terms of Use to be invalid, you and Blessed Herbs nevertheless agree that (a) the court should endeavor to give effect to the intentions as reflected in the provision, and (b) the other provisions of the Terms of Use remain in full force and effect. The section titles in the Terms of Use are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect. This is the entire agreement between the users of this website and Blessed Herbs relating to the subject matter.
THE STATEMENTS ON THIS WEBSITE HAVE NOT BEEN EVALUATED BY THE FOOD AND DRUG ADMINISTRATION. THE PRODUCTS FEATURED ON THIS WEBSITE ARE NOT INTENDED TO DIAGNOSE, TREAT, CURE OR PREVENT ANY DISEASE.
Login
New Customer? Register
Manage My Account
Manage My AutoShip
Change Password
Track Orders & Order History
Easy Reorder
Subscriptions
Logout
{!po.text!}
Quantity: {!c.qty!}
Your Cart is Empty.
View Cart ({!cart.num_items!} Items)
Start Shopping
View Current Specials