https://blowuplab.com/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Home/Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy2018-12-16T10:25:25-08:00
Blow Up Lab Privacy PolicyBlow Up Lab is committed to protecting your privacy. By using this site, you understand and agree to the terms of this policy.  This site is owned by Blow Up Lab, Inc., and may be accessed in the United States and abroad.  For data protection purposes, Blow Up Lab is the controller and, unless otherwise noted, is also the processor of data.  Information collected may be retained, and may be stored, processed, accessed, and used in jurisdictions whose privacy laws may be different and less protective than those of your local jurisdiction. Collection of Your Personal Information Blow Up Lab may collect some navigational information, including information about the pages you view, the links you click, and other actions taken in connection with the site.  We may combine your visit and navigational information with personal information that you provide.  Limited demographic information, such as industry you work in, is sometimes collected and may be linked to your personal information. Use of Your Personal Information Blow Up Lab collects and uses your personal information to operate and improve our sites, to process your transactions, to provide customer service, to perform research and analysis aimed at improving our products, services and technologies, and to display content that is customized to your interests and preferences. We also use your personal information to communicate with you.  We may send transaction-related communications such as welcome letters, billing reminders, and purchase confirmations. We may also send you surveys or marketing emails to inform you of new products or services or other information that may be of interest.  If you do not wish to receive marketing emails, you may adjust your “Personal Information Preferences” as described below or follow the “unsubscribe” instructions included within each email communication. Sharing of Your Personal Information Except as disclosed in this privacy policy, Blow Up Lab does not share your personal information with any outside parties. We may share your personal information with service providers who perform services on our behalf. For example, we may hire other companies to handle the processing of payments, to provide data storage, to host websites, to fulfill orders and shipments, to assist in direct marketing, to conduct audits, etc.  Those companies will be permitted to obtain only the personal information they need to provide the service.  They are required to maintain the confidentiality of the information and are prohibited from using it for any other purpose. Information about our customers, including personal information, may be disclosed as part of any merger, acquisition, or sale of the company and/or its assets, as well as in the unlikely event of insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership, in which personal information would be transferred as one of the business assets of the company.  We will notify you of such an occurrence as described in the “Changes to This Privacy Policy” section below. We reserve the right to disclose your personal information if required to do so by law, or in the good-faith belief that such action is reasonably necessary to comply with legal process, respond to claims, or protect the rights, property or safety of our company, employees, customers, or the public. Personal Information Preferences Blow Up Lab respects your right to make choices about the use and disclosure of your personal information.  If at any time you decide that you do not want to receive marketing emails from us, please let us know. If you choose not to receive marketing emails, please be advised that you may continue to receive transactional or account emails (e.g., purchase confirmations and account balance statements). Use of Cookies and Other Technologies Blow Up Lab uses “cookies” to enable you to sign in to our services and to help personalize and improve your online experience.  A cookie is a small text file that is placed on your hard drive or device.  Cookies contain information, including personal information that can later be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. We strive to make this site user-friendly and relevant.  Our goal is to deliver more personalized products and services to you. For this purpose, Blow Up Lab also works with third-party partners, who use cookies on our site to:
Measure and analyze aggregate usage and volume statistical information from our users on our site. Information gathered may include, but is not limited to the following: activity of the user browser when the user is visiting the site, the site path of users, general information regarding the visitor’s internet service provider and host, and the time users come to the site. Record users’ behavior on our site, such as pages visited, emails clicked, forms completed and products and services purchased to create customized advertisements and communications that better meet your needs. Evaluate user traffic and behavior on the site to compile activity reports for our internal use only. Conduct research and diagnostics to improve our products and services. Identify users arriving at the site via a referral from an affiliate website or sponsored link.
This privacy policy covers the use of cookies by Blow Up Lab only, and does not cover the use of cookies by third parties. In addition to cookies, we may use other technologies, including single-pixel gifs (also known as web beacons) on our websites and in promotional e-mail messages or newsletters.  These tiny electronic images assist us in determining how many users have visited certain pages or opened messages or newsletters.  We do not use these single-pixel gifs to collect personal information. You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can modify your browser setting to decline cookies. Please be aware that the site is optimally designed to operate with cookies enabled in your internet browser. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to sign in or use other interactive features of our sites and services that depend on cookies. This may negatively impact your experience of the site. Security of Your Personal Information The security of your personal information is important to us.  We follow generally accepted industry standards to help protect your personal information. Children We do not intend to solicit or collect personal information from anyone under the age of 18.  If you are under 18, you should not use or enter information on this site, including without limitation, any Interactive Areas of the site. Changes to This Privacy Policy We reserve the right to change the terms of this privacy policy at any time.  When we make changes, we will revise the “last updated” date at the top of the policy.  If there are material changes to this statement or in how Blow Up Lab will use your personal information, we will notify you by prominently posting a notice of such changes here or on our home page, or by sending you an email.  We encourage you to review this policy whenever you visit our site. Contact Information Blow Up Lab 1257 Folsom St San Francisco, CA 94103 Call us: +1-415-861-1200 Email us: info@blowuplab.com Blow Up Lab, Inc.; Privacy Policy;  All rights reserved
Go to Top