http://bluegillfishing.us/privacy/
Contact
Privacy
MenuBluegill Fishing – Home
About the Bluegill Fish
Fly Fishing for Bluegill
Bluegill Gear
Panfish
Blog
Bluegill Fishing – Home
About the Bluegill Fish
Fly Fishing for Bluegill
Bluegill Gear
Panfish
Blog
Home / Privacy
Privacy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which bluegill.info collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the bluegill.info website (“Site”). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by bluegill.info.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, place an order, respond to a survey, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, mailing address, phone number, credit card information. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use “cookies” to enhance User experience. User’s web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
bluegill.info may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
– To improve customer service
Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
– To personalize user experience
We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
– To improve our Site
We may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.
– To process payments
We may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
– To run a promotion, contest, survey or other Site feature
To send Users information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them.
– To send periodic emails
We may use the email address to send User information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, they may do so by contacting us via our Site.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission.
Third party websites
Users may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website’s own terms and policies.
Advertising
Ads appearing on our site may be delivered to Users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile non personal identification information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This privacy policy does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Google Adsense
Some of the ads may be served by Google. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to Users based on their visit to our Site and other sites on the Internet. DART uses “non personally identifiable information” and does NOT track personal information about you, such as your name, email address, physical address, etc. You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
Amazon
Amazon, the Amazon logo, MYHABIT, and the MYHABIT logo are trademarks of Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates.
Bluegillfishing.us is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com.
Changes to this privacy policy
bluegill.info has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will post a notification on the main page of our Site, revise the updated date at the bottom of this page and send you an email. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
bluegill.info
Contacting us
This document was last updated on June 20, 2014
Follow
Bluegill and Crappie Gear Selection
By Dub
Best Bluegill and Crappie Reels
My Top Choices For Crappie and Bluegill Reels While you are out shopping for bluegill fishing equipment, there are some pieces of gear that are more important than others....
Dub | February 16, 2015
Review of Mister Twister Electric Fillet Knife
Dub | May 17, 2014
Best Bluegill and Panfish Rods
Dub | August 7, 2013
Cane Pole Fishing For Panfish Advantages
Dub | May 17, 2013
Make your own livewell out of a cooler for fishing.
Raising Your Own Bait
By Dub
Raising Crickets For Fishing
How to Raise Crickets for Fishing Bait Quite possibly a favorite food for bluegill and all other panfish is the cricket. Fortunately they are extremely easy to raise and...
Dub | April 24, 2014
Raising NightCrawlers and Worms For Bait
Panfish Species Quicklinks
Dub | May 14, 2014
Yellow Perch (Perca flavescens)
Dub | May 12, 2014
Rock Bass
Dub | May 11, 2014
Black Crappie vs White Crappie
Dub | August 14, 2013
Redear Sunfish
Dub | August 12, 2013
Green Sunfish
Dub | August 10, 2013
Coppernose Bluegill
Dub | August 10, 2013
The Hybrid Bluegill
Dub | July 2, 2013
Pumpkinseed Sunfish
Copyright © 2013-2019 Bluegillfishing.us