http://blynd.com/box-blinds-for-hunting-privacy
About UsProducts4x4 Blynds4x8 BlyndsBow BlyndsTowersAccessoriesFAQsDealersStore
The Blynd Privacy Policy
Hours: Monday - Thursday: 8:30 am - 4:30 pm; Friday: 8:30 am - NoonDue to high demand for the full size door,we are out of stock until mid December 100% Made in the USA
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, subscribe to our newsletter, fill out a form or request a quote.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number or company name. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To improve customer service(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
To process transactionsYour information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
To send periodic emailsThe email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order
Do we use cookies?
We do not use web browsing cookies.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy, we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our web site privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
www.Blynd.com
Plastic Vacuum Forming, Inc.
12103 Radium
San Antonio, TX 78216
USA
800-458-0263
Call to Order...
Our shopping cart is temporarily unable to take orders online. Sorry for the inconvenience - Please call to place an order210-492-3222Toll free: 1-800-458-0263
See The Blynd At...
A dealer near you!Find a Dealer
Galleries
View All
© 2010 - 2020 Franks Manufacturing, All Rights Reserved
Internet Marketing by 1st Click ConsultingSite by
Full Fusion