https://boatwerks.com/privacy-policy/
Toggle navigation
Boatwerks
Home
About
Boatwerks Story
Haliburton Store
Minden Store
Careers
Paddling School
Boater Board
Water Levels
Blog
Events
Contact
Careers
Phone: 1-866-529-2570
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us
It is important to us to protect your privacy and respect the confidentiality of our existing, former and potential clients’ personal information, whether over the Internet, on the telephone or at our offices. This online privacy policy sets out our practices regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal information from visitors to this website. By using or accessing this website you signify your acknowledgment and assent to this privacy policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use this website. We can revise this policy at any time by updating this posting, and your use after such change signifies your acceptance of the changed terms. Please check these terms of use periodically for changes.
This online privacy policy will answer your questions about the information we collect when you visit our website, our practices regarding collection, use and disclosure of personal information generally.
What information do we collect?
You can visit this website at any time without revealing your identity or any information about yourself.
We collect information from you only when you register on the site, place an order, enter a contest or sweepstakes, respond to a survey or communication such as e-mail, or participate in another site feature.
When ordering or registering, we may ask you for your name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or other information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
We also collect information about gift recipients so that we can fulfill the gift purchase. The information we collect about gift recipients is not used for marketing purposes.
Like many websites, we use “cookies” to enhance your experience and gather information about visitors and visits to our websites. Please refer to the “Do we use ‘cookies’?” section below for information about cookies and how we use them.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, purchase products, enter a contest or promotion, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
To personalize your site experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
To quickly process your transactions.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.
If you have opted-in to receive our e-mail newsletter, we may send you periodic e-mails. If you would no longer like to receive promotional e-mail from us, you may unsubscribe using the link at the bottom of any of our newsletters.  Please refer to the “How can you opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided to us?” section below. If you have not opted-in to receive e-mail newsletters, you will not receive these e-mails. Visitors who register or participate in other site features such as marketing programs and ‘members-only’ content will be given a choice whether they would like to be on our e-mail list and receive e-mail communications from us.
How do we protect visitor information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. When you place orders or access your personal information, we offer the use of a secure server. All sensitive/credit information you supply is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our databases to be only accessed as stated above.
Do we use “cookies”?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Internet Explorer, Fire Fox or Google Chrome) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. If you turn cookies off, you won’t have access to many features that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly. However, you can still place orders over the telephone by contacting customer service, at 705-787-0262 or 1-800-469-4948.
Do we disclose the information we collect to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide you with advance notice, except as described below. The term “outside parties” does not include Algonquin Outfitters or it’s subsidiaries, AO Boatwerks & AO Swifty’s Surf & Snow Shop . It also does not include other parties who assist us in servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property, or safety.
However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
How can you opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided to us?
To modify your e-mail subscriptions, please let us know by modifying your preferences in the “My Account” section or by clicking the “unsubscribe” option at the bottom or each email we send you. Please note that due to email production schedules you may receive any emails already in production.
To delete all of your online account information from our database, sign into the “My Account” section of our site and remove your shipping addresses, billing addresses & payment information. Please note that we may maintain information about an individual sales transaction in order to service that transaction and for record keeping.
Third party links
In an attempt to provide you with increased value, we may include third party links on our site or in our email our newsletters to you. These linked sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these linked sites (including if a specific link does not work).
Changes to our policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. Policy changes will apply only to information collected after the date of the change. This policy was last modified on November 25th 2012.
Questions and feedback
We welcome your questions, comments, and concerns about privacy. Please send us any and all feedback pertaining to privacy, or any other issue.  You may do so on our Contact page.
Online Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website.
Your consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
From the Blog
Dagger Rewind new for 2020
10 Years in Haliburton Highlands
Orillia Power Generation proposes power generation station on the Gull River
2015 Pan Am Games torch relay in Minden
2015 Reel Paddling Film Festival in Huntsville
Recent Topics
Composite Creations custom Bulldog
by Ash
6 months, 3 weeks ago
new drytop for sale
by petzl
7 months, 3 weeks ago
Selling my (virtually new) Wavesport Mobius
by Thane
8 months, 2 weeks ago
Connect With Us Boatwerks is a division of Algonquin Outfitters
Facebook
LinkedIn
RSS
Twitter
Youtube
Blog
© 2013 Boatwerks. A division of Algonquin Outfitters | Website Design by Adam Rumanek.
Home
Paddling School
Boater Board
Water Levels
Boatwerks Story
Haliburton
Minden
Blog
Events
Contact
Made with
by Graphene Themes.
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use