http://bocabearings.com/other/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy by Boca Bearings :: Ceramic Bearing Specialists
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Navigation
Bearing & Ball Types
Bearing Applications
Bearing Lube, Tools & More
Blogs
Dimension Search
Model Search
Full Search
Search
Boca Bearing Info »
Privacy Policy
Order Info
Shipping Info
Return Policy
Order Security
Privacy Policy
Customer Service
Email Specials
Innovation Contest
Help Wanted
Popular Searches
Rewards
Privacy & Security
Privacy
What is your Privacy Policy?
We take your privacy very seriously. We will never rent or sell your information to any third parties, we only use the information we collect from you to convey your order information, or to send you catalogs and e-mails at your request.
Cookies
This website uses cookies, tracking pixels and related technologies. Cookies are small data files that are served by our platform and stored on your device. Our site uses cookies dropped by us or third parties for a variety of purposes including to operate and personalize the website. Also, cookies may also be used to track how you use the site to target ads to you on other websites.
Security
Is ordering on your site secure?
Absolutely! We take security very seriously, and we do whatever we can to protect our customers' sensitive data. Credit card information for web orders is protected in the following ways:
128-bit encryption to and from the servers and web browser.
Credit card numbers are not stored in our online database.
Once the information is transmitted to our servers for processing, we use even stronger encryption in the back end to transmit the request to our payment processor to verify the credit card and place an authorization for the order total.
If the authorization, address verification and risk assessment all clear, the order is accepted
Get news on boca bearings to your inbox
Enter your email
Boca Bearing Info
Order Info
Shipping Info
Return Policy
Order Security
Privacy Policy
Customer Service
Email Specials
Innovation Contest
Help Wanted
Popular Searches
Rewards
Bearing Maintenance & Installation
Bike Bearing Maintenance
Fishing Reel Bearing Maintenance
RC Engine Bearing Maintenance
Bearing Types
Radial Bearings
Ceramic Hybrid Radial Bearings
Full Ceramic Radial Bearings
Steel & Ceramic Balls
Self Aligning Bearings
Bearing Applications
Fishing Reel Bearings
Bicycle Bearings
RC Car & Truck Bearings
RC Engine Bearings
RC Brushless Motor Bearings
Go Kart Bearings
Other
FAQ
Request Quote
Our Team
Contact us
(800) 332-3256
info@bocabearings.com
© Copyright 2004 - 2020 Boca Bearings, Inc. - All Rights Reserved  -
Privacy policy