http://boneart.co.nz/pages/terms-and-conditions
Search
Home
Bone Carvings
Matau (Fish Hooks)
Koru (Spirals)
Pikorua (Twists)
Manaia (Guardians)
Of the Oceans
Mixed Traditional
Contemporary
E-Gift Cards
Jade Carvings
Matau (Fish Hooks)
Koru (Spirals)
Pikorua (Twists)
Mixed Styles
E-Gift Cards
Featured Artists Galleries
Artists Index
Guest Artists - Jade
Guest Artists - Bone & Antler
Guest Artists - Mixed Media
Nick & Mady - Jade
Alex Sands - Bone & Jade
Bill Goodwin - Jade
Ewan Parker - Jade
Ross Crump - Jade
Shaun Gardiner - Jade
Yuri Terenyi - Bone & Wood
Peter Bishop - Jade
Sio Siasau - Bone & Antler
Luke Gardiner - Jade
Len Kay - Deer Antler
Kerry Thompson - Bone & Jade
Kerry Thompson - Other Media
Hepi Maxwell - Bone & Jade
Sculptures
E-Gift Cards
Pearl/Silver/Other
Pearl & Paua Shell
Silver & Mixed
Cords, Bags & Pouches
E-Gift Cards
Wood
Pendants & Earrings
Wakahuia (Gift Boxes)
Wall Art
Weapons & Sculptures
E-Gift Cards
About Us
Contact Us
Coronavirus Customer Care
FAQ
Whats New
Reviews
Meanings
Shipping
Warranty
Lay-Buy
Wholesale
About Us
NZ Links & Resources
Artists Wanted
Privacy Policy
Trading Terms
Sign in
Create an Account
Menu
Cart 0
Home
›
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
This page is a summary of The Bone Art Place Terms & Conditions which also includes and should be read in conjunction with the additional information in the linked sections for the Warranty Policy, and the Privacy Policy
Credit Card Billing:
When you place your order the transactions details are passed directly to your credit card company for approval.Once the payment is approved the transaction will be processed by our payment gateway after which your order is then processed. You will then receive an order confirmation email and a payment receipt by email.
Currency & Exchange Rates:
We have shown our pricing in $US as simply a convenient and easy to understand currency for many purchasers. To see the store pricing displayed in your own currency select your currency at the top of the page.Our cart system at Shopify updates the exchange rates twice a day based on the rates from XE.comWhile our store is based on US$ pricing, card transactions will be processed by your card company in your own local currency at the exchange rate at that time.
Due to currency exchange fluctuations there may at times be a very small difference in the amount charged by your credit card company. If there is such a currency fluctuation between charging and processing of a transaction by your credit card company, please feel free to contact us and we will process an adjustment immediately.
Warranty, Refunds and Returns:
We are very proud of the high quality of our work so we are happy to provide a full refund no questions asked return policy.If on receiving your order you are not 100% happy with your carving for any reason at all, we will provide a full refund of the purchase price (excluding shipping) on return of the carvings in original condition within 60 days. If the carvings are returned because they are faulty we will also refund the shipping charges or provide a replacement at your option.
The artists, materials and descriptions shown throughout this site are accurate to the best of our knowledge based on information supplied by the artists or their agents.If there is any error in the artist name, the material used or the description on any piece we will immediately replace or refund the full purchase price on return of the carving. The 60 day limit would not apply in if an item has been incorrectly described.
Refunds will be processed in the same way as the original payment was made. If you paid by credit card, a reversal will be applied to the same credit card, if it was paid by direct funds transfer, again this is how the refund will be made.It is very important that returned goods are packaged well as returns will not be accepted if received in a damaged condition.If you need to return an item contact Don at  don@boneart.co.nz and he will send you full instructions.For our full warranty policy go to the: Bone Art Place Warranty Policy
Goods Damaged In Transit:
We take great care in the packing of our carvings. If however you receive a carving in a damaged condition, we will replace it on immediate return of the goods along with the original packaging. We need the original packaging in order to make a claim against our courier so we can not process a claim for damage in transit unless all original packaging material returned.
Customs duties or VAT:
If you are ordering anything (not just from us) from outside your own country there is always a possibility that your customs service may inspect the parcel and "may" charge a percentage of the value in import duties, quarantine fees or other charges. These will usually be invoiced by the delivery provider on behalf of the your local customs service.As we have no control whatsoever over the customs and postal services in your country The Bone Art Place can not quote on nor cover any such fees charged by your local authorities.The recipient is the "Importer of record" and must comply with all laws and regulations of the destination country.Customs policies vary widely from country to country so you should contact your local customs office for more information and to check what if any charges may be applicable. When customs clearance procedures are required, it can cause delays beyond our original delivery estimates. We will therefore not under any circumstances cover or reimburse for any such fees charged by your local customs, courier or postal services. We are also required by international law to show the full value of the order on all customs documents included with the order so will not list items as gifts or under state the value to avoid customs duties.
If you refuse accept delivery on a parcel (or fail to pay an invoice for duties before due date) to avoid paying customs duties or because the customs service delayed delivery of a parcel, they will return it to us and charge us for the return shipping cost plus customs duties.Once we receive the items back in good condition we will then refund you for the purchase price of the returned items (excluding original shipping fees) less any return shipping costs and customs duties we are charged.
Cancellation of Orders:
You may cancel an order at any time with no penalty charges being applied at all. If goods have already been dispatched and payment made, a full refund (excluding shipping) will be processed as soon as they are returned in original condition.
Non Payment on Orders:
When you place an order the items ordered are reserved for you.If however you do not complete the payment transaction (eg bank transfer etc.) within 7 days the order will be cancelled and the items will be returned to stock.Cancelled orders can not be reinstated if you change your mind, you will need to complete a new order.
Privacy and Security:
ALL information you provide us is totally confidential. We comply with and support the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 ("GDPR") We will not sell or trade any information about you (including your email address) to any other person or company for any reason.We will only share selected information in three main situations:1.  When we are required by a court of law to supply information directly to a law enforcement agency2.  When specific information is needed by our third party software integrations to provide services such as order processing, fraud risk assessment, shipment tracking, opt-in mailing list management, reviews, statistical analysis etc.3.  In cases of fraud or attempted fraud to recover losses or assist in fraud prevention.
We do not store any credit card and payment data on our system at all.For our full privacy policy go to the: Bone Art Place Privacy Policy
Layby Terms, agreements and contract
Lay-Buy Financial Solutions Pty Ltd trading as www.lay-buys.com has identified core principles we believe are integral and imperative for all Lay-Buy agreement deals transacted through our PUT IT ON LAY-BUY checkout payment option to be fair and reasonable per the Fair Trading Act 1999.
The following principles below therefore make up the Terms & Conditions for any Lay-Buy or Layby contract and related transactions entered into. This applies to all and any lay-by contract template utilized by both the vendor or consumer:
Record of PaymentA record of payments transaction history will always be available for both the merchant and buyer, recording all amounts paid to-date and the date and value of all future pending payments as per your agreed lay-by policy.
Storage and Identification of Lay-Buy ProductsProduct’s on Lay-Buy will be set aside and stored separately to other products. Products will be clearly identified as ‘Lay-By contract’ products by a number or some other identification.
Cancellation of Lay-Buy by BuyerThe buyer may cancel their LayBy agreement form at any time prior to delivery of products and on delivery of products if the products are damaged by so advising seller in writing or if seller agrees, orally.If a buyer cancels a Lay-Buy, seller will, if so requested by the seller, give the buyer a “cancellation statement” which sets out-a) The purchase price of the products; andb) Advise customer of the cancellation fee payable to seller under all Lay-By terms and conditions; andc) The total amount paid under the Lay-Buy; andd) Any amount owing to either the buyer or seller under the layby terms on the cancellation of the Lay-Buy.If seller does not accept the buyer’s oral cancellation it is obliged to give/send the buyer a duly completed Lay-By Form of Cancellation immediately.
Cancellation of Lay-Buy by SellerThe seller under a Lay-Buy must not cancel it unless –a) The buyer breaches a term of the Lay-Buy; orb) The seller stops trading; orc) The products are no longer available
Cancellation on breach by BuyerIf a buyer has breached a term of a Lay-Buy and seller intends to cancel the Lay-Buy, before doing so seller must –a) Give the buyer notice of seller’s intention to cancel the Lay-Buy; andb) Allow the buyer at least 14 days within which to rectify the breach; andc) The notice to be given has to be:I) in writing, sent to the buyer’s last known address, or, if the buyer so agrees, orally; andII) must specify the breach of the Lay-Buy for which the Lay-Buy is being cancelled; andIII) must state the time within which the buyer must rectify the breach;IV) must state the matters listed per below:* the purchase price of the products;* all cancellation charges payable under the agreement; and* the total amount paid under the Lay-Buy;* any amount owing to either the buyer or seller under the terms of the Lay-Buy on the cancellation of the Lay-Buy.The Lay-Buy is cancelled at the end of the period specified in the notice unless the buyer rectifies the breach before then or Seller agrees not to cancel it.
Cancellation where business closesIf Seller under a Lay-Buy agreement proposes to stop trading before the agreement is completed, Seller must give notice of the proposal to the buyer and must either –(a) allow the buyer 7 days within which to complete the agreement; and(b) cancel the Lay-Buy
Cancellation where products not availableIf the products are no longer available, Seller must cancel the Lay-Buy and refund all monies to the buyer.
Effect of CancellationSubject to the above, when a Lay-Buy is cancelled by either party, Seller must refund all money paid within 14 days less a AUD $25 cancellation fee. There are circumstances which prohibit Seller from keeping the cancellation charge. These include but are not limited to, situations where the products are damaged or not delivered or where Seller has breached a term of the Lay-Buy statement.
Cancellation ChargeSeller shall charge the buyer a AUD $25 cancellation fee under the terms of all Lay-Buy deals.
Banking Charges back FeesThe seller shall be entitled to pass-on to the buyer all charge back fees received by any given bank for any given customer charge back from any given Lay-Buy deal.
Service FeeSeller shall not charge the customer any interest charges, membership fee or service fee on any Lay-Buy sales transaction. Lay-Buy Financial Solutions Pty Ltd trading as www.lay-buys.com charge an admin fee, which is a once-off 1.9% of the total order value at checkout. The buyer will pay this amount to Lay-Buys at checkout at time of paying the down payment. This fee is an admin fee and is therefore not refundable.
Lay-Buy ReportingSeller shall have reporting in place for all Lay-Buy deals covering Down Payment made, Lay-Buy period, Frequency of payments required, Payment amount required per installment; and a full record of all payments made to-date (amount and date on which made).
DeliveryThe seller will only dispatch the buyer product/s after receiving the final installment payment for all Lay-Buy deals.
MISCELLANEOUS14.1   This Agreement shall be binding upon, inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by the representatives, successors and assigns of the parties hereto.14.2   This Agreement may be amended only by a written instrument duly executed by all parties hereto.14.3   The parties hereby represent and warrant that each of them has full legal right, power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to carry out its obligations hereunder.14.4   This Agreement may be executed simultaneously in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.14.5   Article headings contained herein are for reference purposes only and shall not in any way affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.
Our Physical Location:
We represent work from artists around New Zealand and the Pacific, each of whom have their own workshops. The administration and a mini gallery (visits by appointment only) are run from our Auckland office at:60 Woolfield RdPapatoetoeAucklandNew ZealandPhone +64 9 2785156For our full contact details go to the:  Bone Art Place Contact Details
Acceptance Of Terms:
Placing an order for goods from The Bone Art Place indicates full acceptance of all terms listed above.
- If you do not agree with the terms above please do not place an order with The Bone Art Place.
- If you do not agree with the terms above and you have already placed an order contact us urgently (before it is shipped) and we will cancel the order for you and issue a full refund.