http://boneart.co.nz/pages/privacy-policy
Search
Home
Bone Carvings
Matau (Fish Hooks)
Koru (Spirals)
Pikorua (Twists)
Manaia (Guardians)
Of the Oceans
Mixed Traditional
Contemporary
E-Gift Cards
Jade Carvings
Matau (Fish Hooks)
Koru (Spirals)
Pikorua (Twists)
Mixed Styles
E-Gift Cards
Featured Artists Galleries
Artists Index
Guest Artists - Jade
Guest Artists - Bone & Antler
Guest Artists - Mixed Media
Nick & Mady - Jade
Alex Sands - Bone & Jade
Bill Goodwin - Jade
Ewan Parker - Jade
Ross Crump - Jade
Shaun Gardiner - Jade
Yuri Terenyi - Bone & Wood
Peter Bishop - Jade
Sio Siasau - Bone & Antler
Luke Gardiner - Jade
Len Kay - Deer Antler
Kerry Thompson - Bone & Jade
Kerry Thompson - Other Media
Hepi Maxwell - Bone & Jade
Sculptures
E-Gift Cards
Pearl/Silver/Other
Pearl & Paua Shell
Silver & Mixed
Cords, Bags & Pouches
E-Gift Cards
Wood
Pendants & Earrings
Wakahuia (Gift Boxes)
Wall Art
Weapons & Sculptures
E-Gift Cards
About Us
Contact Us
Coronavirus Customer Care
FAQ
Whats New
Reviews
Meanings
Shipping
Warranty
Lay-Buy
Wholesale
About Us
NZ Links & Resources
Artists Wanted
Privacy Policy
Trading Terms
Sign in
Create an Account
Menu
Cart 0
Home
›
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The Bone Art place is committed to protecting your privacy. We only use the information we collect about you to process orders, provide support, generate anonymous statistical data to allow us to improve our web site performance and to respond to direct questions. We do not sell or trade any customer information.We comply with, and support the efforts of the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016 (GDPR) and the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) which are both designed to protect customers private information and provide an easy way for customers to see, amend or delete any information we or our transnational business partners hold on file
What information do we collect and how do we use it?
= Transactional DataWhen you start to place an order, we need to know your name, e-mail address, delivery address, billing info, billing address, and we record your IP address. This allows us to verify, process and fulfill your order and to notify you of your order status and shipping etc. It also allows us to offer assistance if you have had any issues completing your order.We also record details of the browser,operating system and device you are using to assist us in presenting our store and services in a way that best suites the particular device you are using at the time.We keep a record of your order history so we know what you have ordered, when and what was spent.  This is helpful if you need to know anything about a past order such as requiring an insurance valuation for a lost item or to order a replacement.We do not see or store credit card information at all, those details are sent via a secure link straight to the credit card processor (Shopify Payments, E-Way or Pay Pal) for processing and they tell us when its been paid. This means that you will need to enter you credit card details every single time you place an order.= Contests and Promotions:When you enter a contest or other promotional event, we may ask for your name, address, and e-mail address so we can administer the contest and notify winners.If the contest is for newsletter subscribers or existing customers the contest info will be recorded as part of those records.= Reviews:If you place a review on our web site your name, email address and review content will be stored securely by our reviews application partner.= Notifications:If you ask us to notify you of a particular event or when an item is back in stock again, your name, email address and details of your request are shared with and recorded by our automation partners/apps so that we can fulfill your request quickly and efficiently.= Statistical Analysis:The transactional data collected along with additional data such as age, gender, where you found us (search, direct, referal etc) and activity on our site or partner sites is also used by our system to help us learn about what our customers need and where they come from etc.  Anonymous statistics are produced which tell us things like which are the most popular landing pages or products, what countries and times of day are the most active, what are the most effective social media platforms etc.This allows us to modify our gallery and processes to provide a better experience for our users.= Fraud Detection & Prevention and Shared Data:We share some of the data we collect with our e-commerce provider (Shopify), our credit card processors (E-Way) and Pay Pal and other associated security apps or partners to analyse the data you enter when placing an order to verify and assess fraud risk.  They then assign a risk score and advise us if there are factors that indicate a higher than usual risk or of elements that may require further checking and contact.= Newsletter:Our newsletter is very strictly Opt-In only. You will only receive our newsletter if you have specifically requested to do so.We use one of the worlds safest and most secure mailing list management services (Mail Chimp) When you join the newsletter mailing list they will record your name and email address and subscription details (how you joined and when)If you have placed any orders on our web site those details will be linked to the email contacts database as well so that we can personalize the newsletter for you if required.
How does The Bone Art Place protect customer information?
We use one of the worlds largest and most secure e-commerce platforms (Shopify) a security tested secure server for collecting information needed to process your order. Their secure system encrypts (scrambles) all of the information you enter before it is transmitted over the interment. Furthermore, all of the customer data they collect for us is protected against unauthorized access using the latest technology and multiple layer security.We do not store credit card information at all.  Card transactions are sent directly through our payment gateway providers to your card company for authorization so we never see the card details.Both our cart system on the shopify platform and our payment gateways are fully PCI compliant.
What about "cookies"?
"Cookies" are small pieces of information that are temporarily stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. We use cookies to store information on the products you are ordering (not personal info) while you are actually placing your order to allow our system to verify and total your order when you check out.  When you confirm your order or leave the web site the cart cookie expires after a short period of time so is then automatically deleted by your computer. If you leave our web site part way through placing an order, a cookie will remain in your browser for a short while so your cart will still be there when you return to complete your order.
Sharing of Information Collected
We believe your personal information should remain strictly private.We do not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to other commercial entities for direct marketing or contactWe and our e-commerce host Shopify partner with a variety of third parties and service providers to help provide various services or functionality relating to the operation of our gallery such as stock control, security and fulfillment services. We may from time to time need to share personal information with those service providers to support their efforts in providing functionality for our web site.
We may also share your information in the following circumstances:
To prevent, investigate, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of our Terms of Service or any other agreement related to the services, or as otherwise required by law.
If our store directs Shopify to transfer this information (for example the use of a third party security app that accesses customer personal information).
To conform to legal requirements, or to respond to lawful court orders, subpoenas, warrants, or other requests by public authorities (including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements).
In the event of the sale of our business our records including personal information may also be transferred to the company that acquires our business whether through merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, reorganization, or other similar transaction or proceeding.
Your Consent
By using our Web site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by The Bone Art Place and its data processors to process orders as described above.  If we need to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.The Bone Art Place also provides links to other interesting web sites from our "Links" pages. We do not share personal information with the linked sites and the privacy policies of these linked sites are the responsibility of the linked site and The Bone Art Place has no control or influence over their policies. Please check the policies of each site you visit for specific information. The Bone Art Place cannot be held liable for damage or misdoings of other sites linked or otherwise.
Newsletters and Email Contacts
We hate spam as much as you do, probably even more as we receive around 300 spam messages a day ourselves. There is only one place for spammers and that is at the bottom of a very deep hole filled with water. You will receive transactional emails confirming receipt of an order and shipping status after you place an order. Occasionally you may receive request for additional information about an order or an offer of assistance for failed order attempt if required.We do NOT send unsolicited marketing emails at all and we do not sign you up to our mailing lists simply because you bought something from our store.If you would like to join our mailing list you are very welcome to do so on a strictly opt-in basis only by using the "Join Our Mailing List" link at the bottom of this pageIf you then decide you no longer wish to receive our newsletter, removal requests are actioned instantly and permanently.Under the " New Zealand Unsolicited Electronic Messages Act 2007" which we fully support, our semi regular newsletter is sent only to those members who specifically "Opt In" to this list. You will receive our newsletter ONLY if you have requested to join our membership mailing list or someone has joined you on your behalf.
Requests for information or deletion of data.
You have the right to know what information we have stored on you and you also have the right to have that data amended or deleted.If you would like info on what data we have stored for you or if you wish to have us delete any records please contact us and we will act on your request immediately.You can contact us using any of the methods below.
Our contact details are:
Email:
sales@boneart.co.nz
Postal Address:
The Bone Art Place LtdP.O. Box 23-404Hunters CornerManukau 2155 New Zealand
Street Address:
The Bone Art Place Ltd60 Woolfield RoadPapatoetoeAuckland 2025 New Zealand
Contact Form:
You can use our online contact form at:  Bone Art Place Contact Form
Phone:
New Zealand     +64 9 2785156  (This is not a Toll Free number)(Country Code - Area Code - Number)We are open weekdays 9am to 5pm New Zealand TimeClick HERE to see the current time in New Zealand before calling.= = = Note:  New Zealand Time is GMT +12:00 = = =