https://bookcellaronline.com/privacy-policy/
Checkout
Customer Service
Donate Books
Haunted Hikes
Search Inventory
Selling Textbooks
We are buying textbooks at Toadstool Bookstore located at the Somerset plaza next to Market Basket. 375 Amherst St Nashua NH If you have questions about purchasing TEXTBOOKS please contact our Warehouse 603-880-6400
Privacy Policy
Who we are
Our website address is: https://bookcellaronline.com
This website collects some personal information from its users.
Thank you for using the website of the Bookcellar Online.
We respect your privacy and we aim to protect the personal information obtained from you. The privacy policy determines and regulates how the Freelancers Tools uses and protects the information you provide when using this web site. We protect your privacy. When you provide some information that can be recognized when you use this website, you can be sure that this information will be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
The Bookcellar Online can make changes to this statement and will then update this page. You should check this page periodically to ensure that you agree to all modifications and amendments. By submitting the contact form information provided on our site and which you have fulfilled, you agree to the use of personal data by article 5 og 130/11 of the Law on Personal data protection as per General Data protection Regulation (GDPR).
The following information may be collected on these Web pages: First and last name, contact information, personal information including e-mail address, other information about reviews and interests, and other relevant information about us.
Collection and use of your personal information
The Bookcellar Online respects your privacy and processes your personal data fairly and lawfully.
Your consent
We process and use your personal information only on the basis of your consent – freely given and explicit observations that the personal information you have made available to us by registering and using the website is processed for the purpose of this protection policy. Privacy. We will request your permission when filling in the appropriate form available on the website of the Freelancers Tools. Without consent, personal data may be collected and further processed in cases specified by law.
Processing of personal data
We store the collected personal information in electronic form, and for protection purposes, we apply the appropriate technical, organizational and personnel protection measures and procedures to prevent personal data that are not available to other Access to the Portal users and to ensure that they are used in accordance with the purpose of processing.
What information we collect:
First and last name (contact forms and comments)
E-mail address (contact forms and comments)
IP address (browser cookies)
Geo location (browser cookies)
Browser type (browsers)
Device type (browser cookies)
Messages in electronic form
When you send us electronic mail (e-mail) with your personal information that can be identified by you, whether it is an email with a question or a comment or you do so through a form located on the association’s web site, which By e-mail, we use this information only for the purpose of fulfilling your requirements. We may forward your electronic message or form to other employees of the association or suppliers to answer your question, or to satisfy your request.
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Data protection
We take care that your information is safe. We have provided physical and electronic procedures for the protection and provision of the information we collect, for preventing unauthorized access or disclosure of your data.
The Bookcellar Online will not distribute your personal data to third parties unless we have your permission or are obliged by law to do so.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics and Cookies
The Bookcellar Online uses Google analytics to measure attendance. If you want to prevent the specified service from storing a cookie, you can prohibit it from the following Google Analytics Opt Out
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Limitation of liability
While we undertake the available technical, organizational and personnel measures in order to prevent unauthorized disclosure of your personal data, we cannot guarantee that some of the personal data we collect will never be accidentally discovered, contrary to the provisions of This privacy policy. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we exclude liability for damages caused to users or third parties by accidental disclosure of personal data.
Since we have no control over the personal information you provide when accessing or using other portals, or directly to third parties (for example, participating in sponsored activities), we exclude to the maximum extent permitted by law Responsibility for damages that may arise to you or to third parties for the submission of personal data in this manner.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Withdraw consent-deleting personal information
You may withdraw your consent to use in whole or in part, or request the deletion of your personal information at any time. This does not include any data that we are obligated to hold for administrative, legal or security purposes. Your data will be deleted upon receipt of the request for withdrawal through our Contact form.
EU regulations
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
EU Cookie Law
Find Us on Social Media
Facebook
Twitter
Recent Facebook Posts
No recent Facebook posts to show
Find us on Facebook
K-12 School Sales/Purchasing
ONLINE ORDER SUPPORT Customer Service for Online Orders
If you have any questions, feel free to contact Customer Service at
(603) 880-6400
service@bookcellaronline.com
Monday - Friday
9:00 AM - 4:30 PM
SSL Certificate
Sell Your Textbooks!
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkNoSee Our Policy