https://botaniesoap.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Is Important To Us
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us!
Botanie Soap's privacy policy is straightforward and simple. We do not share, sell, or trade any of our customer's personal information. All personal information we collect from you is used solely by Botanie Soap.
Information collection and use
We collect personal information when you create an account, when you place an order, and when you complete a form and request that we send you more information.
This site uses cookies to improve the user experience.
From time to time, this site uses third party software to identify site usage trends so we can improve our website for you or serve personalized content
Occasionally, we will email you information about specials and sales we are offering for our organic soap, wholesale soap, and organic soap making supplies and about news in the natural products world. We never send information about any other subject, and all our emails comply with the CAN-SPAM Act (this is legislation that protects email users from unwanted, unsolicited emails). Each of the promotional emails we send lists our physical mailing address and contains a link for you to change your subscription options or unsubscribe entirely.
At any time, you may contact us to learn what personal information we have collected, ask to modify it, or ask to be "forgotten."
Cookies policy
This site, like just about all sites, uses cookies to improve the user experience.
Cookies are small pieces of text that a browser (Chrome, Edge, Safari, Firefox, etc.) stores to make our website easier to use and to make returning visits to our website more streamlined.
There are essential and non-essential cookies. Essential cookies enable you to do things like add products to your cart and check out, and you cannot complete these functions without them. Non-essential cookies do things like measure user activity, pages visited, links clicked, etc. so that we can improve our website for you. This site uses both types.
By using this site, you consent to the use of cookies. At any time you may opt to adjust the settings in your browser to remove existing cookies or reject new ones. However, please note that you will not be able to complete some functions on our site without cookies.
We take further steps to protect your privacy by maintaining a high level of site security. All web pages, not just those during checkout, are set up with SSL technology for your protection.
We know how important your privacy is to you because the staff here at Botanie Soap has the same concerns about their own privacy.
Please contact us if you have questions regarding our Privacy Policy. You can reach us at 406-728-7627 or Email us!
Quick Links
Our Promise to You
All Products
See the Soaps
Make It Your Own
Custom Soap
Quick Links