https://bovedainc.com/about-us/privacy-statement/
Skip to content
Privacy Statement
Protecting your privacy is important to Boveda. We strive to keep your personal information confidential. By ensuring that you are aware of and understand the Boveda Privacy Policy, we can provide you with better service. Although you are not required to register to access this Site, you may be asked to provide us with personal information when you visit certain sections of the Site. Please take a moment to read the following policy to learn how we handle your personal information.
WHY WE COLLECT PERSONAL INFORMATION
Boveda collects and uses your personal information to give you superior customer service, to provide you with convenient access to our products and services, and to make a wider range available to you. In addition, we may use your personal information, or your company’s information, to keep you up to date on the latest product announcements, technology updates, special offers, and other information we think you’d like to hear about. This may occasionally include information from other companies about products and services that can add value to you. From time to time, we may also use your personal information to contact you to participate in a market research survey, so that we can gauge customer satisfaction, and for other promotional purposes and/or for future site development. Also, in an effort to monitor interest in our range of products and to assist us to tailor the content of our Site to your needs by collecting information about your preferences through tracking patterns of page views on this site.
HOW WE COLLECT PERSONAL INFORMATION
We collect information about you in several ways. For example, we might ask for your contact information when you correspond with us, call us to make a purchase or request service, register to attend a seminar, or participate in an online survey. In addition, whenever you register on our website, for any reason, or ask to be included in an email mailing list or online newsletter, we collect and store the information you provide in a secure database.
WHEN WE DISCLOSE PERSONAL INFORMATION
Your personal information may be shared with other Boveda business units. If so, they will protect your personal information in accordance with the Boveda Privacy Policy. Boveda may occasionally share your personal contact information with carefully selected companies, to keep you informed about related products and services.
Boveda works with other companies that help us provide Boveda products and services to you, and we may provide your personal information to these companies. For example, we give shipping companies this information so they can deliver your products efficiently. The information they receive is for shipping and delivery purposes only, and we require that the companies safeguard your personal information in accordance with Boveda’s policies.
At times we may be required by law or legal process to disclose your personal information. We may also disclose information about you if we believe that disclosure is necessary for the public interest.
HOW WE PROTECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Boveda safeguards the security of the data you send us with physical, electronic, and managerial procedures. We urge you to take every precaution to protect your personal data when you are on the Internet. Change your passwords often, use a combination of letters and numbers, and make sure you use a secure browser.
The Boveda website uses industry-standard Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption on all web pages where personal information is required. To make purchases from the Boveda website, you must use an SSL-enabled browser. This protects the confidentiality of your personal and credit card information while it is transmitted over the Internet.
ACCESS TO YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
If you would like to review other personal information that Boveda may have about you, email us at info@bovedainc.com.
COLLECTING OTHER PERSONAL INFORMATION
When you browse Boveda’s website, you are able to do so anonymously. Generally, we don’t collect personal information when you browse — not even your email address.
Like many websites, the Boveda website uses “cookie” technology. When you first connect to our site, the cookie identifies your browser with a unique, random number. The cookies we use do not reveal any personal information about you, except perhaps your first name so we can welcome you on your next visit. Cookies help us understand which parts of our websites are the most popular, where our visitors are going, and how long they spend there. We use cookies to study traffic patterns on our site so we can make the site even better.
In some of our email to you, we use a “click-through URL.” When you click one of these URLs, you pass through our web server before arriving at the website that is your destination. We track click-throughs to help us determine your interest in particular topics and measure the effectiveness of our customer communications.
OUR COMPANYWIDE COMMITMENT TO PRIVACY
To make sure your personal information remains confidential, we communicate these privacy guidelines to every Boveda employee. In addition, Boveda supports industry initiatives to preserve privacy rights on the Internet and in all aspects of electronic commerce.Boveda does not knowingly solicit personal information from children or send them requests for personal information.
There may be links from this Site to other websites; but please note that the Boveda Privacy Policy applies only to this Site and not to websites of other companies or organizations to which this Site is linked. Boveda does not share your personal information with those websites and is not responsible for their privacy practices. We encourage you to learn about the privacy policies of those companies.
If we are going to use your personal information differently from that stated at the time of collection, we will try to contact you via email using the most recent information we have. If you have not given us permission to communicate with you, you will not be contacted, nor will we use your personal information in a new manner.
The Boveda Privacy Policy is subject to change at any time. We encourage you to review the privacy policy regularly for any changes.
close