https://bowlmill.com/privacy-policy/
Menu
Home
Products
Care & Cleaning Instructions
FAQ
About Us
History of the Bowl Mill & Clapboard Mill
Creating Turned Hardwood Bowls
Contact Us
Go Shopping
Corporate Gifts
Blog
Privacy Policy Updated August 22, 2017
We collect information from you when you subscribe to our newsletter or fill out a form. When registering on our site you may be asked to enter your name, e-mail address, mailing address or phone number.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
To improve our website (we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
To send periodic emails. The email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your query, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect our rights, property, or safety.
Cookies
We use data collection devices such as “cookies” on certain pages of our website. “Cookies” are small files placed on your hard drive that assist us in providing customized services. We also offer certain features that are only available through the use of a cookie. Cookies can also help us provide information which is targeted to your interests. We use this information to determine our visitors’ demographics, interest, and behavior to better understand and serve you and our community.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we make changes our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Tel: 800-828-1005Fax: 802-767-3107
Copyright © Bowl Mill All Rights Reserved.Home
About Us
Products
Contact Us
Go Shopping
Privacy Policy | Terms of Use  | Return Policy | Site Map