https://bpi.ebasicpower.com/shop/privacy
Home
Log In
Nobody Beats Our Deal
Retrieve Shopping Cart by email address.    Click here and enter email address.Search Our Site.
To help you find what you are looking for we have a search / Find it Box--Read below to find out how to use the Find It Box...
Search for your needs with plain text, OEM part numbers, DESCRIPTION, or our part number, like(mercruiser manifold), (Suzuki trim motor), (velvet drive kit), etc. If you have difficulty in finding your need, please call us and a tech will assist you. Alternatively, click on a category picture below and drill down. For VELVET DRIVE parts, enter VD in search box
177 Fulford Dr.
Harkers Island, NC 28531
(252) 504-3355
Check Your Order Status(Tracking Information)
Shopping Cart  [more]
0$0.00You have no items in your shopping cart.
Categories
Diesel Engines->
Used Engines
Mercruiser Sterndrives->
Mercruiser Inboards->
OMC Sterndrives->
OMC Inboards->
Detroit Diesel->
Volvo Penta Sterndrives->
Volvo Penta Inboards->
Crusader Inboards->
Pleasurecraft (PCM) Inboards->
Chris Craft Inboards->
Chrysler Inboards->
Marine Power Inboards->
Indmar Inboards->
Detroit Diesel Parts->
Volvo Penta Diesel Inboards->
Yanmar Diesel Inboards->
Caterpillar Diesel Inboards->
Cummins Diesel Inboards->
Outboard Parts->
Personal Water Craft->
All Applications->
Propellers->
Used Items->
Engines (Inboard Sterndrive)->
Marine Transmissions and Parts | Borg Warner Velvet Drive | ZF Hurth | Paragon->
Fishing Tackle->
T & H Marine Products
Stickers / Decals New->
Information
Shipping & Returns
Privacy Notice
Conditions of Use
Contact Us
Site Map
Newsletter Unsubscribe
F.A.Q. (Frenquenty Asked Questions)
Home ::
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
Effective 10/22/2015
Privacy Notice Table Of Contents:
Our Commitment To Privacy
The Information We Collect
How We Use Information
Our Commitment To Data Security
How To Access Or Correct Your Information
How To Contact Us
Our Commitment To Privacy:
At eBasicPower.com, your privacy is important to us.  To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.  To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
The Information We Collect:
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the eBasicPower.com website. On some pages, you can order products, and register to receive emailed information.  The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
Name
Shipping & Billing
Address Information
Email addresses
Phone numbers
Credit Card Information (must be re-entered with each purchase)
The Way We Use Information:
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order.  We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.  We use the information you provide about someone else when placing an order only to ship the product and to confirm delivery. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
For the sake of convenience, we encourage you to create a user profile during the checkout process.  This information will be made available to you the next time you log in.  The same information that is required to place an order, is required to create a user profile,  with the exception of the credit card information.
For instructions on ordering and terms, go to www.ebasicpower.com/terms.
You can subscribe to our eList if you would like to receive information and updates on our new products and specials via email.  Subscribers only need to submit:
Name
Email address
lists of interest
All customers who order from eBasicpower.com will be automatically subscribed to our eList.  To unsubscribe, simply go to our eList and enter your email address, then click “Unsubscribe”.  Information you submit to our eList will not be used for any other purpose.
We do not sell space to advertisers on our websites.  Therefore, statistical information is not distributed to outside sources.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described.
Our Commitment To Data Security:
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information:
If you set up a user profile when you placed your order, you may access, update or check your order history by clicking on the Log In link at the top of most pages.
If you saved your information prior to October 22-31, 2015, you may have created a username.
For security purposes, these names were converted to the email address that you used.
Your passwords have not changed.
How To Contact Us:
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call us at (252) 504-3355 between the hours of 8:00 AM and 5:00 PM, Monday through Friday, Eastern US Time or email our Customer Service.
Back
Home
Copyright © 2020 Basic Power Industries. Powered by Zen Cart