http://bridgekitchenware.com/privacy-policy/
Toggle menu
Gift Certificate
LoginorSign Up
0
Search
×
Main Menu
About Bridge Kitchenware
About our Brands
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Returns
Bridge Kitchenware ETSY site
Shipping Policy
Shop By Category
Appliances
Bakeware
Baking Sheets
Bread Molds
Cake Pans
Ceramic Items
Cutting and Shaping
Decoration
Disposables
Glass Items
Measuring Devices
Miscellaneous Items
Mixing
Molds
Chocolate
Metal
Non-Stick
Rings
Silicone
Pie & Tart Equipment
Preparation
Racks
Textiles
Bar & Wine
Wine
Serving and Presentation Items
Appetizers and Drinks
Baskets
Display
Hotel Food Pans
Melamine
Coffee & Tea
Accessories
Aerolatte
Cleaner
Coffee
Coffee & Espresso Pots
Filters
Service Items
Tea Infuser
Tea Service
Cookware
Carbon and Black Steel
Non-Stick
Black Cube Ceramic Coated Non Stick Cookware
Woll Diamond Non-Stick from Germany
Restaurant Fry Pans
Aluminum
Non-Stick
Roasting Pans & Items
Steamers
Ceramic Cookware
Enamel on Steel and Cast Iron
Mini Aluminum Ceramic Coated Serving pans
Mini Enamel on Cast Iron Serving Pieces
Miscellaneous Items
Paderno Copper Collection
Paderno Specialty Cookware
Paderno Stainless Steel Cookware
Paderno Grand Gourmet Series 1100
Paderno Series 1000
Paderno Tri-Ply
Kitchen Items
Canning Equipment
Cleaning Products
Disposables
Funnels
Gadgets
Miscellaneous
Shakers & Sprayers
Textiles
Thermometers
Thermometers & Timers
Knives & Accessories
Boning Knives
Chef & Santuko Knives
Cleavers
Cutting Boards
Fish Knives
Forks
Hunting Knives
Mezzaluna
Miscellaneous Items
Paring & Utility Knives
Safety Items
Scissors
Serrated Knives
Sets
Sharpeners
Slicing Knives
Spatulas
Steak Knives
Storage
Wusthof Trident
Blackwood
Classic
Classic IKON
Epicure
Gift Sets
Gourmet
Grand Prix II
Outdoors
Outdoors:Knives & Accessories
Personal Care
PRO Series
Scissors & Shears
Sharpening
Steak Knives
Storage
Tools
Porcelain & China
Blue Willow
Bowls
Brazil
COUPE Dinnerware
Miscellaneous Items
Presentation
Ramekin & Souffle Dishes
RIM Dinnerware
Service Items
Souffle Dishes
SQUARE Dinnerware
Tart & Creme Brulee Dishes
Tabletop
Cheese Service
Coffee & Tea Service
Flatware
CELENE
CONTINENTAL
OXFORD
Miscellaneous Items
Tabletop/Paderno Items
Tools and Utensils
Composite Tools
Corn on the Cob
Cutlery and Tools
Ethnic Cuisine
Food Decorating
Grating & Grinding
Grilling Items
Healthy Cuisine
Ladles - Skimmers - Spoons
Mashing & Pressing
Milling
Mortar & Pestle
Pasta Equipment
Peeling
Pizza Equipment
Polypropylene Handled Tools
Racks
Roasting Items
Scoops
Seafood Equipment
Silicone items
Slicing Devices
Stainless Handled Tools
Straining
Tongs & Tweezers
Turners
Whisks
Wooden Items
Miscellaneous
Spatulas
Spoons
Shop All
Shop By Brand
Paderno World Cusine
Harold Import Co
Wusthof Trident
Frieling
View all Brands
Gift Certificates
Login or Sign Up
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Bridge Kitchenware Corp. is committed to respecting your privacy and recognizing your need for appropriate protection and management of personally identifiable information you share with us (the phrases "personally identifiable information" or "personal information" mean any information by which you can be identified, such as your name, address, telephone number, etc.). The purpose of this privacy policy is to inform you what personally identifiable information or personal information we may collect from you when you visit our web site, how we use such information, and the choices you have regarding our use of, and your ability to review and correct, the information. This policy applies only to users accessing our web site from the United States.
As a part of our commitment to your privacy, Bridge Kitchenware Corp. supports and adheres to the guidelines and practices adopted by the Direct Marketing Association's Privacy Promise to American Consumers.
Collecting Information About You
In general, you can visit many of our web pages without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself. We may track the Internet domain address from which people visit us and analyze this data for trends and statistics, but individual users will remain anonymous, unless you voluntarily tell us who you are.
There may be times (such as when you order a product, subscribe to a service, register to receive catalogs) at which we ask you to provide certain information about yourself, such as your name, shipping/billing address, telephone number, email address, credit card information, etc. We also maintain a record of your online product purchases. Whether or not to provide such information is completely your own choice. But if you choose not to provide the information we request, you may be unable to purchase products, or access certain services, offers and content on our web site.
Using Information About You
We use the personally identifiable information you provide for internal purposes, such as confirming and tracking your order, subscription or registration, analyzing trends and statistics, informing you of our new products, services and offers, etc.
To serve you better, we may combine information you give us online, in our store or through our catalog. We use that combined information to enhance and personalize your shopping experience with us, and to communicate with you by mail about our products and events that may be of interest to you.
Editing, Updating, Correcting and Deleting Information About You
We want to communicate with you only if you want to hear from us. If you prefer not to receive information from please let us know by calling us at 973-884-9000 or by sending us an Email. Please be sure to include your email address, full name, and specifically what information you do not want to receive. If you would like to update or correct your email address, street address or other personal information with us please contact us the same way.
Please note that sometimes these requests may take up to 6-8 weeks to be effective, particularly if we are removing your name from postal mailings. In addition, when you purchase from us online or through our catalogs we may need to contact you via phone, email or mail to address questions specific to your order, even if you have opted to not receive communications.
Please remember, if you delete certain information you may not be able to continue to purchase products or access other portions of our web site without entering additional information.
Cookies
Our web site uses "cookies." A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. Generally, we use cookies to remind us of who you are, tailor our products and services to suit your personal interests, estimate our audience size, assist our online merchants to track visits to and sales at their stores and to process your order, track your status in our promotions, contests and sweepstakes, and/or analyzing your visiting patterns. You can set your browser to notify you when you are sent a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it.
Security
We use sophisticated encryption and authentication tools to protect the security of your personal information that you share with us. Unfortunately, however, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit to or from our web site, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission, we will do our best to protect its security on our systems.
We urge you to keep your username and password in a safe place and not to divulge it to anyone. Also remember to sign off your account and close your browser window when you have finished your visit. This is to ensure that others cannot access your account, especially if you are sharing a computer with someone else or are using a computer in a public place such as a library or Internet cafe.
Links to Third Party Sites
Our web site may contain links to web sites operated and maintained by third parties, over which we have no control. Privacy policies on such linked sites may be different from our privacy policy. You access such linked sites at your own risk. You should always read the privacy policy of a linked site before disclosing any personal information on such site.
Policy Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy in whole or in part, we will inform you by posting a notice on our web site. Those changes will go into effect on the date posted in the notice. The new policy will apply to all current and past users of our web site and will replace any prior policies which are inconsistent.
Your Feedback
To help us improve our privacy policy and practice, please give us your feedback. You may Email or write to us at
Bridge Kitchenware Attn: Marketing Dept, 198-B Mount Pleasant Avenue, East Hanover, NJ 07936
×
OK