https://buckstopscents.com/#coppa-children-online-privacy-protection-act
Hunter Login
Innovation is our heritage!
Successful hunts... Our legacy
His nose... Knows the Difference.
1
2
3
Featured Products
CHARGE ll Dominant Buck Urine 2 oz
2 oz Plastic bottle with easy to use flip top applicator. Tarsal Gland Scent Lures in the dominant buck. Made from real Tarsal glands with dominant buck urine added.
Charge II combines real buck tarsal glands with rutting buck urine. A trophy hunters best friend for scrape hunting. Use when rattling/grunting or to treat scrapes. Designed to lure in dominant bucks. Works in all rut phases. A must have for serious trophy hunters
$13.99
PHEASANT TRAILMASTER KIT (DOG)
Kit contains: 2 oz. bottle of scent, training dummy, training booklet and whistle/lanyard.
From puppies to started gun dogs Buck Stops training kits provide the tools need to train or re-enforce prior training. Dog kits come with a 3"x12" dog sized training dummy, bottle of pheasant scent, training booklet and whistle/lanyard.
$19.99
SWEET CORN WITH DEER MUSK 1 1/4 oz
1 1/4 oz plastic bottle with easy to use flip top applicator. A favorite wherever corn is grown, super effective after the harvest is done.
1 1/4 oz plastic bottle with easy to use flip top applicator. A favorite wherever corn is grown, super effective after the harvest is done.
$6.99
PUPPY 2X9 DUMMY (NATURAL)
Puppy training dummy (Natural)floating, 2x9
Puppy training dummy (Natural)floating, 2x9. Use for training puppies or smaller breeds. Duck canvas. Use as training tool or play toy, appliy scent to dummy for laying scent trails, throw for fetching.
$12.99
MATE-TRIKS® Original Doe-In-Heat® 1 1/4 oz
The Original Doe-In-Heat scent First collected in 1972. The most copied estrus scent on the market 1 1/4 oz Plastic bottle with easy to use flip top aplicator. Contains urine collected during the estrus cycle.
1 1/4 oz Plastic bottle with easy to use flip top aplicator. Contains urine collected during the estrus cycle. This is the ORGINIAL estrus deer lure. The scent that really started the scent market. First sold in 1972. The most copied scent in the deer hunting world.
$7.99
NOZEE CURIOSITY SCENT 2 oz
2oz plastic bottle with easy to use mist applicator. Draws deer in close.
A collection of favorite food smells blended to give a pleasant smelling scent that deer just can't resist. For all season use.  Attracts doe's as well as bucks. Spray Nozee in the wind and let the air currents do the work.
$6.99
RABBIT TRAILMASTER KIT (PUPPY)
Kit contains: 2 oz. bottle of scent, training dummy, training booklet and whistle/lanyard.
From puppies to started gun dogs Buck Stops training kits provide the tools need to train or re-enforce prior training. Puppy kits come with a 2"x9" puppy training dummy, bottle of rabbit scent, training booklet and whistle/lanyard.
$19.99
HYPER Synthetic Estrus 4 oz
HYPER Synthetic Estrus Formula, 4 oz of powerful scent. Plastic bottle with flip top applicator. Brings deer in close. FREE scent wick included
HYPER Synthetic Estrus Formula, 4 oz of powerful scent. Plastic bottle with flip top applicator. Brings deer in close. For use during the pre and breeding phase of the rut. Free scent wick included
$7.99
TRAILMASTER PARTRIDGE 2 oz
Trailmaster Partridge Dog Training Scent 2 oz plastic bottle with easy to use flip top applicator.
Trailmaster Partridge dog training scent 2 oz plastic bottle with easy to use flip top applicator. For use with puppies and started dogs. Apply to a dummy or drag for unbroken scent trail. Easy to use.
$5.99
"53" Synthetic Buck Lure
Powerful Synthetic Buck Lure. Contains no urine or animal by products. Can be used any season. Use on rubs, licking branches or as a cover scent. Smells like a live deer. 1.25 ounce size
Powerful Synthetic Buck Lure.
Contains no urine or animal by products. Can be used any season. Use on rubs, licking branches or as a cover scent. Smells like a live deer.
1.25 ounce size
$8.99
SCENT STOP® FULL BODY WASH 20 oz
20 oz plastic bottle. Odor eliminating sportsman soap. Use for bathing.
20 oz plastic bottle. Odor eliminating sportsman soap. Use for bathing. Also use as a pet wash.
$10.99
RED FOX URINE SPRAY 2 oz
2 oz. plastic bottle with spray pump mist applicator.
America's favorite cover scent with a mist spray applicator. Masks human odor while attracting deer.
$7.99
BEAVER TRAPPING LURE 1 1/4 oz
1 1/4 oz Beaver trapping lure, for use in water or land sets.
Formulated in the early 50's by scent guru Don Garbow. Guaranteed to increase catches. Use on water or land sets
$5.99
QUAIL TRAILMASTER KIT (PUPPY)
Kit contains: 2 oz bottle of scent, training dummy, training booklet and whistle/lanyard.
From puppies to started gun dogs Buck Stops training kits provide the tools need to train or re-enforce prior training. Puppy kits come with a  floating 2"x9" puppy training dummy, bottle of quail scent, training booklet and whistle/lanyard.
$19.99
Guide Grade Scents Non-Rutting Buck 2 oz
Fresh Unaultered Non-Rutting Buck Urine. 2 oz amber glass bottle Limited Suppy
For 2010 Buck Stop introduces the newest SUPER PREMIUM scents. GUIDE GRADE SCENTS. Buck Stops state of the art collection facility now has the ability to capture these special urines. Special care and handling is used in the collection to ensure the freshness and purity of these highly prized scents. Mother nature limits the amount of availability so these are strictly a SPECIAL ORDER product.
Field testing in the 2009 season on 200 special test sites suggest that over 80% of mature bucks preferred GUIDE GRADE SCENTS over top of the line competitors products costing 2-3 times as much per ounce.
$14.99
ACORN BUCK BEADS 5 3/4 oz
5 3/4 oz shaker bottle container. Contains 3 oz of powerful acorn scent. Special moisture activated beads work for 7 days or more.
Buck Beads are a special moisture activated beads that releases its scent while it draws moisture. This makes the beads work during the time when deer are most active in morning and evenings when the dew point rises. Shake out 30-40 beads in several spots around your stand site.
$9.99
Welcome To The Buck Stop Web Site
The Buck Stop Family invites you to browse through our website. There are over a 150 products to choose from, many that you may have never known about.
Be sure to check out Buck Stop on FaceBook.
Good Luck and watch the wind, keep your powder dry and your broadheads sharp.
GOD BLESS THE TROOPS!
Brian & Bonnie Johansen
www.buckstopscents.com Privacy Policy
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally identifiable information' (PII) is being used online. PII, as used in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your NONE or other details to help you with your experience.
When do we collect information?
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order or enter information on our site.
How do we use your information?
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
To personalize user's experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
To improve our website in order to better serve you.
To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.
To quickly process your transactions.
To send periodic emails regarding your order or other products and services.
How do we protect visitor information?
How do we protect visitor information?
Our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible.
We use regular Malware Scanning.
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
We implement a variety of security measures when a user places an order enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.
All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.
Do we use 'cookies'?
Do we use 'cookies'?
We do not use cookies for tracking purposes
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser's Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If you disable cookies off, some features will be disabled that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly.
However, you can still place orders .
Third Party Disclosure
Third Party Disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information.
Third party links
Third party links
We do not include or offer third party products or services on our website.
Google
Google
Google's advertising requirements can be summed up by Google's Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en
We have not enabled Google AdSense on our site but we may do so in the future.
California Online Privacy Protection Act
California Online Privacy Protection Act
CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law's reach stretches well beyond California to require a person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting personally identifiable information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals with whom it is being shared, and to comply with this policy. - See more at: http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf
According to CalOPPA we agree to the following:
Users can visit our site anonymously
Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page, or as a minimum on the first significant page after entering our website.
Our Privacy Policy link includes the word 'Privacy', and can be easily be found on the page specified above.
Users will be notified of any privacy policy changes:
On our Privacy Policy Page
Users are able to change their personal information:
By calling us
By logging in to their account
How does our site handle do not track signals?
We don't honor do not track signals and do not track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place. We don't honor them because:
We do not share any information
Does our site allow third party behavioral tracking?
It's also important to note that we do not allow third party behavioral tracking
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under 13, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, the nation's consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online.
We do not specifically market to children under 13.
Fair Information Practices
Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:
We will notify the users via email
Within 1 business day
We also agree to the individual redress principle, which requires that individuals have a right to pursue legally enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or a government agency to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
CAN SPAM Act
CAN SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
We collect your email address in order to:
Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.
Process orders and to send information and updates pertaining to orders
Market to our mailing list or continue to send emails to our clients after the original transaction has occurred
To be in accordance with CANSPAM we agree to the following:
NOT use false, or misleading subjects or email addresses
Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way
Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters
Monitor third party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.
Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly
Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us at
info@buckstopscents.com and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.
Contacting Us
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
www.buckstopscents.com
3600 Grow Rd
Stanton
Michigan
48888
USA
brian@buckstopscents.com
Last Edited on 2015-04-02
©
2009 -
2020
Buck Stop Scents, All Rights Reserved