https://buglingbull.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
COLLECTING INFORMATION
We may collect information (including name, address, telephone number, email address, transaction information, and credit card information) when you:
Make a purchase with us online or by telephone.
Save your information with us online.
Register for our membership or ask to receive our emails or newsletter.
Participate in a contest, sweepstakes, promotion, or survey.
Visit our website (see Cookies below).
USING INFORMATION
We use the contact information you provide for internal purposes, such as:
Process, track and fulfill your order.
Contact you about the status of your order.
Inform you of and administer promotions, contests or sweepstakes.
Learn about your shopping preferences and improve your shopping experience.
Help us address problems with and improve our website and merchandise.
Protect the security and integrity of our website.
Contact you for other business reasons, if necessary.
You always have the right to “opt out” of receiving communications from us.
INFORMATION WE SHARE
We may share your personal information in the following ways:
We contract with other companies to provide certain services, such as credit card processing, shipping, name and address verification, data management, email distribution, etc. We call them our service providers. We provide our service providers with only the information needed in order for them to render the services we request and they are not entitled to use it for their own marketing or any other purpose.
On rare occasion, we may disclose information upon law enforcement’s request, in response to a court order, or when required by law. We may also share information to assist in fraud investigation and protection or as necessary to protect our rights and interests.
YOUR CHOICES
If you do not wish to be contacted via email, direct mail or telephone, please let us know your preferences by emailing us at orders@rockymountainhuntingcalls.com. So that we may identify you correctly, please provide your exact name and postal or email address. You may also unsubscribe from our email using the link provided in each email. If you ask us to remove you from promotional lists, we will maintain your name on a “do not contact” list to ensure that we continue to honor your requests. It may take up to 10 days to process your email request and, due to the fact that mailings are planned long in advance, 6 to 8 weeks to process your postal mail request. When you purchase online, we will continue to confirm your order and shipment status via email and, if questions arise concerning your order, we may contact you via email, postal address or telephone. If you change your mind about your choices, you may start receiving promotional communications from us again by logging on to your online account and changing your preferences, by signing up when you visit our website, when you enter a contest, sweepstakes or survey, or by contacting customer service.
CHANGING YOUR INFORMATION
To review or change the information previously provided, sign on to www.rockymountainhuntingcalls.com and click “My Account”. You may update stored information by clicking “Account Profile”. Be sure to click “Save” when you complete your changes.
COOKIES
Our website uses “cookies” which are small data files stored on your computer when you visit a website. Cookies may be used in a variety of ways to enhance or personalize your online browsing and shopping experience. For instance, cookies allow us to remember what’s in your shopping cart, recognize you when you return to our site, track your orders, and monitor and maintain information about your visits to our website. You may set your browser not to accept cookies or to notify you when you receive cookies, giving you the opportunity to decide whether to accept cookies. If you do not accept cookies however, you will not be able to access your account information or make purchases on our website.
SECURITY OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We use a variety of technologies and processes for protection of our customer data. We use encryption technology whenever transmitting sensitive data such as credit and debit card information. Please note however that absolute security can never be guaranteed. We will never request your credit card or other personal information by email. If you receive an email that appears to be a request from us for personal information, do not respond as this may be a “phishing” scam designed to steal your personal information. Email is not a secure means of communication. Never include in an email your credit card number or other sensitive information. We will only request such information during secure transactions at our website.
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
Our website is not intended for use by children and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. The child’s parent or guardian should contact us if we have inadvertently collected information about that child so that we may delete such information from our files.
CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
If our privacy policy changes, we will post these changes to our website with the date of revision.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions, comments or concerns about this policy or about our privacy practices, please email us at orders@rockymountainhuntingcalls.com
Product Categories
Select a category
[NEW 2020]
Accessories
Apparel
Apparel
ATOMIC-13 Series
Cartridge Call Series
Deer Calls
Deer Calls
Diaphragms
DVDs
Elk Calls
Elk Calling Systems
Elk Diaphragm Calls
Elk Palate Plate Diaphragms
Elk Rattle
Elk101 Signature Series
Kristy Titus Signature Series
Multi-Pack Diaphragms
Open Reed Cow Calls
Steve Chappell Signature Series
The Professional Series
TST Series
Elk Calls
Moose Calls
Predator Calls
Predator Calls
RMEF LICENSED
Sale
Stealth Series
Turkey Calls
Turkey Friction Calls
Turkey Tone Top Diaphragms
Turkey Calls
Uncategorized
Recent Posts
19
Jan
Rocky Mountain Hunting Calls hires Elite Outdoor Sports Marketing
Comments Off on Rocky Mountain Hunting Calls hires Elite Outdoor Sports Marketing
31
Dec
New Catalog and Calls for 2019!
Comments Off on New Catalog and Calls for 2019!
30
Jul
Cabelas Great Fall Outdoor Days
Comments Off on Cabelas Great Fall Outdoor Days
Quick Contact Rocky Mountain Hunting Calls
Email: sales@rockymountainhuntingcalls.com208-935-2580
508 No Kid Rd Kamiah, ID 83536
Dealer Resources
Product Photos
My Account
Privacy Policy
Refunds and Returns
Shipping Policy
Copyright 2020 © Rocky Mountain Hunting Calls | All Rights Reserved. Designed By:
Apex Advertising
Shop
Dealers
Testimonials
Team Members
Videos
Home
Call Chart
News
Events
Contest
Contact us
FAQ
My Account
Login