https://buonitalia.com/privacy-policy/
Search for:
Search
Live in the NYC area? Get same day delivery, visit our Mercato shop.
Signup for our Newsletter!
Home Shop Pantry Pastas, Rice & Grains Oils & Vinegars Sweets, Treats & Snacks Truffles Seafood Vegetables Baking Essentials Housewares Beverages My Cart My account
Privacy Policy
BUON’ITALIA (also referred to herein as “us”, “our” or “we”) is committed to protecting the privacy of our customers. This privacy policy (“Policy”) has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their ‘Personally Identifiable Information’ is being used online. Personally Identifiable Information, as described in U.S. privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read this Policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with this website, www.buonitalia.com (“Website”). By using our services and viewing this Website, you are consenting to the information collection, use and disclosure practices described in this Policy.  BUON’ITALIA will not sell, share, or rent your personal data to third parties in ways different from what is disclosed in this Policy.
COLLECTING YOUR INFORMATION
What personal information do we collect from the customers that visit our Website?
BUON’ITALIA may collect the following types of information at several different points on our Website in order to facilitate the delivery of services or the fulfillment of an order, including: (1) personal data given voluntarily while using a feature of this Website; for example, during a registration process or purchase, including name, address, phone number, e-mail address; and financial information, such as credit card number and information; (2) information collected as a result of voluntary participation in a survey or poll, or when communicating with our webmaster or customer service team members; and (3) information collected automatically when visitors visit our Website.
How do we use your information?
We use the information, including personal data, you provide for internal purposes, such as:
to personalize your experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested;
analyzing trends and statistics;
member services including webpage personalization;
order history and status;
one-click ordering;
order confirmation and tracking;
subscription services; and
informing you of new products, services, offers and information about BUON’ITALIA.
BUON’ITALIA may also collect your IP address to analyze trends and customer interests as well as to administer the Website, track your Website movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personal data. We may use third-party service providers to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you visit our Website. These third-party service providers may use non-personal data (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over, but not personal data, including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this Website and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of interest to you. This information is collected through the use of pixel tags or cookies (see below).
BUON’ITALIA will not sell or otherwise share personal data with other people or nonaffiliated companies. BUON’ITALIA will use your personal data to provide services to you at your request. BUON’ITALIA will share this information with certain business partners to provide requested services that we do not provide directly. BUON’ITALIA will only share personal data with our business partners if they agree not to disclose the information to other third parties and agree not to use this information to solicit you.
BUON’ITALIA may disclose specific information upon governmental request, in response to a court order, when required by law, or to protect our or others’ rights, property, or safety. We do not provide information to these agencies or companies for marketing or commercial purposes.
If you choose to participate in any blog or other online forum on our Website, any personal data that you post on the Website may be shared with other participants in the forum. In any of these situations, the recipient and viewers of your personal information may be located in the United States or another jurisdiction that may not provide an equivalent level of data protection to the laws in your home country.
BUON’ITALIA uses FedEx to ship orders directly, and Stripe.com (our credit card processing/payment gateway company) to authorize and clear credit card information, which is not shared with any other company including us. In connection with these shipping and payment services, it is necessary to share certain Personally Identifiable Information with such providers. We require that these payment and shipping service providers not retain, share, store or use your personal data for any secondary purposes.
INTERNATIONAL USERS
Please note that this Website is hosted on our servers in the United States of America. If you are a customer, user or visitor from a country outside the United States, you are deemed to consent to the transfer of your personal data you disclose and submit from your country of residence or from which you access the Website to the United States of America.
MEMBER SERVICES
In order to set up a user account with BUON’ITALIA, you will be asked to complete a registration form. During the registration process, you are required to give your contact information (such as name and e-mail address). This information may be used to contact you about the services on our Website for which you have expressed interest, such as webpage personalization, order history and status.
SECURITY
BUON’ITALIA has implemented reasonable physical, electronic and procedural safeguards and security measures to protect personal data collected through this Website. This includes compliance with related U.S. federal regulations and may include use of industry-standard Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption to prevent any loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, or modification of personal information. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit to or from our Website, and you do so at your own risk.
COOKIES
BUON’ITALIA uses various technologies including, but not limited to “Cookies” to collect and store personal and non-personally identifiable information when you use the Website. “Cookies” are small files that a website or its service provider transfers to your computer or mobile device through your Internet browser when you visit a website that enable the website’s or service provider’s system to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. Most browsers accept cookies automatically, but can be configured not to accept them or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Please note that without cookies, you may not be able to take full advantage of all of the Website’s features.
We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our Website visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use information about or from users collected on our behalf, except to help us conduct or improve our business.
CHILDREN
Parents should always supervise their children while online. The Website is not designed nor intended to collect personal data from children under the age of thirteen (13). In order for us to comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act, we ask that children under the age of thirteen (13) not provide any personal information on this Website.
THIRD-PARTY LINKS
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third-party products or services on our Website. BUON’ITALIA is not responsible for the privacy practices of any linked website. If you decide to access any of the linked websites, you should read the privacy policy of each linked website to understand the related policy. This Policy applies solely to information collected through this Website. In addition, when you browse, other websites may place their own cookies on your computer. We do not control cookies placed on your computer by third parties whose links appear on our Website.
UPDATING YOUR INFORMATION
At any time you may review, update, correct, or change the personal data you have provided to us. You may also choose to no longer receive any communication from BUON’ITALIA. You may use our Website, through the My Account pages, to change your information. Alternatively, you can email us at info@buonitalia.com, or call 212.633.9090.
To protect your privacy and security, we will verify your identity before granting access or making changes to personally-identifying information.
CAREERS
I understand that any information I provide to BUON’ITALIA, or that I authorize others to provide to BUON’ITALIA in connection with my application for employment, may be reviewed by BUON’ITALIA’s Human Resources Department. I further understand and agree that Human Resource representatives may share this information with others on a need-to-know basis including, but not limited to, sharing it with hiring managers who may consider me for employment.
GENERAL
You acknowledge and agree that all rights not otherwise expressly granted to you by the Policy are reserved to BUON’ITALIA. This Policy, together with the Terms of Use, constitute the sole and entire agreement between you and us with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersedes all other prior or contemporaneous negotiations, discussions, agreements, understandings, representations and warranties, both written and oral, between you and us with respect to such subject matter. The failure of BUON’ITALIA to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the Policy shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. If any provision of the Policy is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, void, unlawful, or unenforceable, the Parties agree that the court shall give effect to the Parties’ intentions as reflected in such provision, and the other provisions of the Policy shall remain in full force and effect. The section titles in the Policy are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect. Neither the course of conduct between you and BUON’ITALIA, nor trade practice, shall act to modify any provision of the Policy. For the purposes of the Policy, the terms “include,” “includes,” “including,” “such as” and “for example,” shall be construed as if each term were followed by the words, “without limitation.”
TERMS OF USE
BUON’ITALIA’s Terms of Use is located at [buonitalia.com/terms-of-use]; they govern your access to and use of the Website and its contents, including your permitted uses and our disclaimers and limitations of liability with respect to your use of the Website. The Terms of use are hereby incorporated in this Policy in their entirety by reference.
MODIFICATIONS TO THIS POLICY
BUON’ITALIA reserves the right to make changes to this Policy at any time. It is your responsibility to review the Policy from time to time to see if modifications have been made. Your continued use of the Website after any modification of the Policy will conclusively indicate that you accept those changes.
QUESTIONS OR COMMENTS
If there are any questions regarding this Policy you may contact us using the following information:
BUON’ITALIA
Customer Service Department
75 9th Avenue
New York, NY 10011
info@buonitalia.com
Effective Date: August 3, 2017
Last Modified: August 3, 2017
Policy Last Updated: August 3, 2017
Signup For Our Newsletter
Email: info@buonitalia.com
Store: (212) 633-9090
CONNECT WITH US
STORE HOURS
Monday – Saturday:
8:00am – 9:00pm
Sunday:
8:00am – 8:00pm
STORE LOCATION
75 9th Ave, New York, NY 10011
Located in the lower level of Chelsea Market
SHOP ONLINE Pantry Pastas, Rice & Grains Oils & Vinegars Sweets, Treats & Snacks Truffles Seafood Vegetables Baking Essentials Housewares Beverages
GENERAL Home Wholesale Ordering Mercato About Us Contact Us My account Shipping & Returns Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Cart
Item Removed. Undo
No products in the cart.
Checkout -
$0.00
0
1
Search for:
Home Shop Pantry Pastas, Rice & Grains Oils & Vinegars Sweets, Treats & Snacks Truffles Seafood Vegetables Baking Essentials Housewares Beverages My Cart My account