http://burlen.co.uk/privacy
Burlen LTD
| My Account
Log In
home |
technical |
downloads |
news |
faq’s |
contact
Burlen
SU
Amal
Zenith
Su Clothing
J40
Privacy Policy
Burlen Ltd is committed to protecting your privacy. You can visit most pages on our site without giving us any information about yourself. But sometimes we do need information to provide services that you request, and this privacy statement explains data collection and use in those situations. This privacy statement only applies to www.burlen.co.uk, www.sucarb.co.uk, www.amalcarb.co.uk, www.zenithcarb.co.uk & www.stayupfloats.co.uk. it does not apply to other online or offline Burlen Ltd sites, products or services. Please read the complete Burlen Ltd privacy statement.
Collection of your Personal Information We will ask you when we need information that personally identifies you (personal information) or information that allows us to contact you. Generally, this information is requested when purchasing Burlen Ltd  products. Personal information collected by www.burlen.co.uk, www.sucarb.co.uk, www.amalcarb.co.uk, www.zenithcarb.co.uk & www.stayupfloats.co.uk is often limited to your name, e-mail address, country or location, but may include other information when needed to provide a service you requested. For example: If you choose a service or transaction that requires payment, we will request personal information necessary for billing and/or shipping, such as: name, address and telephone number. We keep this registration information on file with any information you've already given us on previous visits to our Web site.
Burlen Ltd may disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Burlen Ltd or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Burlen Ltd and its family of Web sites, or (c) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of Burlen Ltd employees, users of Burlen Ltd products or services, or members of the public. Your information may be stored and processed in the United Kingdom or any other country in which Burlen Ltd or its affiliates, subsidiaries or agents maintain facilities, and by using this site, you consent to any such transfer of information outside of your country.
Control of your Personal Information When you register, or otherwise give us personal information, Burlen Ltd will not share that information with third parties without your permission. It will only be used for the purposes stated above.
Access to your Personal Information We will provide you with the means to ensure that your personal information is correct and current. Security of your Personal Information: Burlen Ltd is committed to protecting the security of your personal information. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. For example, we store the personal information you provide in computer servers with limited access that are located in controlled facilities.
Use of Cookies click here to read our cookie policy
Enforcement of this Privacy Statement If you have questions regarding this statement, you should contact Burlen Ltd by e-mail.
Changes to this Statement Burlen Ltd will occasionally update this privacy statement. When we do, we will also revise the "last updated" date at the top of the privacy statement.
Home | Contact
| Privacy | Terms and Conditions
Registered Office: Burlen Ltd, Spitfire House, Castle Road, Salisbury, Wiltshire, SP1 3SB
Registered in England and Wales Registration Number: 2005550 VAT Number: GB 423 5232 84
© 2017 Burlen Ltd
Website Designed and Developed by Innovative Consultancy
/*
*/