http://buyjumpropes.net/privacy-policy/
Search
Home
About Us
Privacy Policy
Thank you for accessing the BuyJumpRopes.net Website (“Site”) operated by Web Guidz, LLC d/b/a BuyJumpRopes. We respect your privacy and want to protect your personal information.
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which BuyJumpRopes collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of the www.buyjumpropes.net website ("Site"). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by BuyJumpRopes.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the siteplace an orderfill out a formsubscribe to the newsletter and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information,
Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously.
We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
BuyJumpRopes collects and uses Users personal information for the following purposes:
To improve customer serviceYour information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
To personalize user experienceWe may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
To improve our SiteWe continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
To process transactionsWe may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
To administer a content, promotion, survey or other Site featureTo send Users information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them.
To send periodic emailsThe email address Users provide for order processing, will only be used to send them information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, and/or other requests or questions. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email or User may contact us via our Site.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and its Users happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures. Our Site is also in compliance with PCI vulnerability standards in order to create as secure of an environment as possible for Users.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission.
Third party websites
Users may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website\'s own terms and policies.
Changes to this privacy policy
BuyJumpRopes has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, revise the updated date at the bottom of this page,. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy and terms of service. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
NOTICE TO CALIFORNIA CUSTOMERS
Pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (the “CCPA”), natural persons who are California residents have certain rights concerning their personal Information held by BuyJumpRopes as described below. You have the right to request that We disclose what Information BuyJumpRopes collects, uses, discloses and sells. You may submit a consumer request to know this Information by sending the same to Us by email contact@buyjumpropes.net, by phone at (509) 207-1387. In order to verify Your request, We will ask You to provide Your name, email address, and certain other pieces of identifying information. Once You have submitted this information and any necessary supporting documentation, We will confirm the information by reviewing it against Our records to verify Your identity. For the categories of Information We have collected over the past twelve (12) months, or may collect about You, the categories of sources from which such Information is collected, the business and/or commercial purposes for collecting such Information, the categories of third parties to whom that Information is disclosed and the business and/or commercial purposes of disclosing such Information, please refer to Sections 3 through 7 of Our Privacy Policy. BuyJumpRopes does not sell (as such term is defined in the CCPA) the Information we collect (and will not sell it without providing a right to opt out) except for incidental data transfer to third parties to assist in the delivery and/or facilitation of the Service, such as for shipping/order fulfillment, and we may share contact information including name, email, phone number, etc with business partners or companies we have marketing agreements with, for the purposes of marketing related products and services. You have the right to request the deletion of Information collected or maintained by BuyJumpRopes. You may submit a consumer request to delete this Information by emailing us at contact@buyjumpropes.net, by phone at (509) 207-1387. In order to verify Your request, We will ask You to provide Your name, email address, and certain other pieces of identifying information. Once You have submitted this information and any necessary supporting documentation, We will confirm the information by reviewing it against Our records to verify Your identity. For further details on how to request that we update or delete Information, please refer to Section 7 of Our Privacy Policy. You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by BuyJumpRopes for exercising the privacy rights granted by the CCPA. In order to exercise the rights described above, You may designate an authorized agent to make a request under CCPA on Your behalf. Contact. Please contact Us at contact@buyjumpropes.net or by phone at (509) 207-1387 if you have any questions about Our Privacy Policy and/or Our privacy practices.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:BuyJumpRopes607 N. Wenatchee Ave.Wenatchee, WA 98801contact@buyjumpropes.net
OK