https://bytheseajewelry.com/privacy-policy-terms-of-service/
Distinctive Sea Glass Jewelry for Beach Lovers
FREE Priority Shipping On $70
or More!
Save 10% on All Sea Glass Jewelry with coupon code HOLLY20
Home
Privacy Policy & Terms of Service
Search
Search
Categories
All Sea Glass Jewelry
Sea Glass Necklace - SALE
Sea Glass Earrings
All Sea Glass Earrings
Blue, Aqua and Teal Sea Glass Earrings
Greens & Seafoam Sea Glass Earrings
Ultra Rare and Super Rare Sea Glass Earrings
Red, Purple and Pink Sea Glass Earrings
Brown And White Sea Glass Earrings
Sea Glass Necklaces & Pendants
All Sea Glass Necklaces & Pendants
Blue, Aqua and Teal Sea Glass Necklaces
Seafoam and Green Sea Glass Necklaces
Super Ultra Rare Sea Glass Necklaces
Red, Purple and Pink Sea Glass Necklaces
Brown and White Sea Glass Necklaces
Sea Glass Bracelets
All Sea Glass Bracelets
Sea Glass Charm Bracelets
Sea Glass Bangle Bracelets
Sea Glass Locket Bracelets
Sea Glass Ankle Bracelets
Sea Glass Lockets
All Sea Glass Lockets
Sea Glass Lockets In Silver
Sea Glass Lockets In Gold
Sea Glass Jewelry $50 & Under
All Sea Glass Jewelry $50 & Under
Necklaces & Pendants Under $50
Sea Glass Earrings Under $50
Sea Glass Gifts Under $50
Sea Glass Rings
Sea Glass Sets
All Sea Glass Sets
Sets In Gold
Sets In Silver
Sea Glass Birthstone Jewelry
All Sea Glass Birthstone Jewelry
December Sea Glass Jewelry
November Sea Glass Jewelry
January Sea Glass Jewelry
February Sea Glass Jewelry
March Sea Glass Jewelry
April Sea Glass Jewelry
May Sea Glass Jewelry
June Sea Glass Jewelry
July Sea Glass Jewelry
August Sea Glass Jewelry
September Sea Glass Jewelry
October Sea Glass Jewelry
Limited Edition Jewelry
Gifts for Her
All Gifts for Her
Sea Glass Jewelry for Mom
Gifts for Him
Custom Orders
Beach Wedding Jewelry
Bulk Sea Glass & Lots
All Bulk Sea Glass & Lots
Pre-Drilled Sea Glass
Bulk Sea Glass
Specimen Sea Glass
Sold Sea Glass Jewelry Gallery
All Sold Sea Glass Jewelry Gallery
Sold Sea Glass Necklaces
Sold Sea Glass Earrings
Sold Sea Glass Pendants
Sold Sea Glass Rings
Sold Sea Glass Bracelets
Sold Sea Glass Lockets
Sold Limited Editions Sea Glass
Product Options
All Product Options
Sterling Earring Options
Sterling Chains
14K G/F Earring Options
Goldfilled Chains
Premium Gift Wrapping Services
More Information
By The Sea Jewelry | Home
Gift Services & Gift Wrapping
Holiday Shipping Guide
Contact
About Us
About Us
Our Studio By The Sea
Shipping Details
Sea Glass Jewelry Reviews
Cleaning And Care Of Sea Glass Jewelry
Return Or Repair For By The Sea Jewelry
By The Sea Jewelry Recommended Links
Wholesale Info for By The Sea Jewelry
Our Eco Policy
By The Sea Text Sitemap
What Is Sea Glass
What Is Sea Glass
What is Sea Glass or Beach Glass
Genuine Sea Glass - How To Tell The Difference Between Real & Fake
The Colors Of Sea Glass
Sea Glass Terms & Jewelry Terms Glossary
How To Find Sea Glass
Valueing Sea Glass How to rate value of sea glass - Quality And Value
Collecting Sea Glass - The Beaches Our Sea Glass Comes From
Ideas For Sea Glass - What can I do with it?
Our Designs and How To Make Your Own Basic Sea Glass Jewelry
Beach Weddings
Our Press
Our Press
As Seen In Coastal Living Magazine
Later Today NBC Appearance
Rock and Gem Magazine Article
Florida Today - Once Plentiful Sea Glass Rare
Coastal Style Magazine
Beaches Magazine Interview
Bits Of Trash Turned Treasures By The Sea
Featured Artist Blowing Rocks Preserve
Press Pilot
Figure Magazine - Featured Sea Glass Bracelet
Shipping & Returns
Wholesale
By The Sea Jewelry Gift Cards
By The Sea Blog
Privacy Policy & Terms of Service
RSS Syndication
Recent Posts
Our Sea Glass Jewelry Photography
Why OUR Sea Glass Jewelry....?
Goldfilled VS. Gold-Palted
A New Sea Glass Source - Sea Of Japan
Sea Glass Books
Gift Certificates
Sign in
Register
Privacy Policy & Terms of Service
Privacy at By The Sea Jewelry
We live in the same world as you, and don't like it either when say...you subscribe to a magazine for "free" and all of a sudden your junk mail for "related offers" rolls in ten fold. It's also about the worst thing in the world when you sign up for a "contest" or other event, and supply a phone number...only to be added to every crazy call center's list to be pummeled and bothered for the rest of your days.
You can rest assured that By The Sea Jewelry will never, ever share your information on ANY LEVEL with anybody.
Your address is used to verify your payment method, and used for shipment info
Your phone number is used to verify payment method, and only for us to contact you in case of a question on your order.
Your email address is used to confirm your order status and provide tracking information
Your payment is handled securely via SSL Security Encryption and Authorize.net providing its merchant customers with the highest level of transaction processing security, safeguarding customer information and combating fraud.
We do not stalk you on the phone because you placed an order, no sales calls or solicitations ever.
By joining our mailing list via the home page or during checkout, you agree to receive periodic yet meaningful email contacts from us and us alone. Our mailers aren't very frequent, they're not cluttered up impossible to read flyers with exclamation points all over the place. Our email subscribers enjoy real information in a concise effort to keep you informed of specials, new products and other generally good info we have to share.
We couldn't rest easy any other way.
If you still have questions, feel free to contact us concerning privacy or other issues.
By The Sea Jewelry
Terms Of Service
Orders can be Returned for Exchanged for 30 days.
*HOLIDAY EXCLUSION APPLIES Orders place from 10/25 until 12/25 may be returned until 1/25 the following year.
Returns for Exchange - Ready Made Orders are exchangeable for 30 days from the date of shipping. Return postage for an exchange is not included and will be charged to the original invoiced credit card number unless otherwise specified.
Returns for Refund - Credit Card Orders - Full Refund within 30 days of shipping date of jewelry - Refund of sales price (less shipping charges) to be applied to original credit card.
Custom Made Sea Glass Jewelry - (Or jewelry altered to order specifications) Is not returnable but is exchangeable for 30 days and will be repaired at no charge if needed for 30 days.
Gift Returns/Exchanges - I will be more than happy to create a custom piece if you have ordered a Ready To Wear piece of jewelry as gift and are unsatisfied with the color, size, metal or style used. All other policies apply. Price differences are handled on a one on one basis.
Repairs - Repairs due to faulty workmanship will be promptly repaired and returned at no expense for 30 days - A return shipping label will be created and emailed to you for printing. (glass breakage ,normal wear and tear, sizing - NOT INCLUDED)
All other repairs, resizing and alterations to jewelry are $20 an hour minimum plus shipping and insurance. Free Chains are not warranted. Upgrade chains are replaceable for 30 days!
ALL RETURNS OR EXCHANGES - Items must be postmarked within times indicated above for return or exchange or repair.
Items returned after 30 days will issued a store credit. Items must be returned undamaged with the original undamaged packaging and copy of sales receipt. Please - Do not tape jewelry boxes as it will damage them for re-use, damaged boxes will result in a $3-10 depending on the type of box as a replacement fee.
For full return and exchange policy, please visit our page at Returns & Shipping
×
OK