https://cactussports.com/terms-conditions/
Menu
Home
Men's
T-Shirts & Tanks
Sweatshirts/Crews
Shorts & Pants
Polos
Jerseys
Clearance
Outerwear
Women's
T-Shirts & Tanks
Sweatshirts/Crews
Shorts & Pants
Clearance
Polos
Outerwear
Unisex
T-Shirts
Shorts & Pants
Clearance
Sweatshirts/Crews
Face Coverings
Caps/Hats
Adjustable
Beanies
Fitted
Snapbacks
Visors
Women's
Little Devils
Clearance
Little Devils
Infant
Toddler
Juvenile
Youth
Clearance
Accessories
Holiday
Face Coverings
Pets
Decals & Magnets
Little Devils
Gameday & Tailgating
Kitchen & Bar
Flags & Pennants
Office & Photos
Keychains & Lanyards
Footwear & Socks
Helmets
Golf
Auto
Blankets
Gift Cards
Gifts
Hair Accessories
Clearance
Brands
Adidas
Champion
Colosseum
Zephyr
New Era
Home
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CAREFULLY AS THEY CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION REGARDING YOUR USE OF THIS WEB
SITE AND YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS, REMEDIES AND OBLIGATIONS. BY ACCESSING OR USING THIS WEBSITE, YOU SIGNIFY THAT YOU HAVE
READ, UNDERSTAND AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS.
Terms of Use Last updated: August 4, 2012
Welcome to the Web site for Cactus Sports, Inc. (“we”). These Terms of Use govern the following sites,
along with all their associated domains: cactussports.com (the “Sites”). Please review the following
terms and conditions, which govern your use of the Sites (the “Agreement”). Your use of the Sites
constitutes your agreement to follow and be bound by the Agreement. We reserve the right to modify this Agreement at
any time in our sole discretion without prior individual notice. Any modifications to this Agreement will be posted
on the Sites, and you will be deemed to have agreed to these modifications through your further use of the Sites.
For this reason, we encourage you to review the Agreement whenever you use any of the Sites. You can tell when this
Agreement was last modified by checking the “last updated” date that appears at the top of the
Agreement. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not use the Sites. We control the Sites from our offices in
Tempe, AZ.
You agree that:
(a) all matters relating to your use of the Sites, including without restriction all purchases through the
Sites, will be governed by the laws of Arizona and the federal laws of the United States applicable to Arizona;
(b) the courts of Arizona have jurisdiction, and that you will attorn to that jurisdiction;
(c) the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods will not apply; and
(d) you are responsible for complying with all local laws.
Site ContentsUnless otherwise noted, the Sites, and all materials on the Sites, including data, text, images,
illustrations, designs, icons, photographs, video clips and other materials, and all registered and unregistered
rights in such materials provided under intellectual property law or similar laws under any jurisdiction in the
world (collectively, the “Contents”), are owned, controlled or licensed by Cactus Sports and other
trademarks appearing on the Sites are the trademarks of Cactus Sports.
The Sites and the Contents are intended solely for your personal, non-commercial use. You are permitted to view,
download and print hard copies of pages from the Sites for your own personal, non-commercial, lawful use, provided
that such copies clearly display the copyright and any other proprietary notices of Cactus Sports. No right, title
or interest in any downloaded Content is transferred to you as a result of any such viewing, downloading or
printing. Except as noted above, you may not reproduce, communicate to the public by telecommunication, publish,
transmit, distribute, display, modify, create derivative works from, sell, rent or exploit in any way any of the
Contents or the Sites. In particular, the Contents may not be modified or altered, merged with other data or
published in any form, in whole or in part, including by “screen scraping,” “database scraping”
or any other activity intended to collect, store, reorganize or manipulate the Content on the pages produced by, or
displayed on, the Sites.
When you link to the Sites, you may not under any circumstance use technology to display the content of the Sites in
a frame or in any other manner that is different from how it would appear if a user typed the URL into the browser
line. The link must result in a new, fully functional, full screen browser window occupied solely by the pages
created by the Sites. You acknowledge the unauthorized use of the Sites or the Contents could cause irreparable harm
to Cactus Sports and that in the event of an unauthorized use, Cactus Sports will be entitled to an injunction in
addition to any other remedies available at law or in equity. Right to Modify, Suspend or Discontinue the Sites. We
reserve the right, at any time in our sole discretion, to: modify, suspend or discontinue the Sites, any user’s
access to the Sites or part of the Sites, or any service, content, feature or product offered through the Sites,
with or without notice; charge fees in connection with the use of the Sites; modify and/or waive any fees charged in
connection with the Sites; and/or offer opportunities to some or all users of the Sites. You agree that we will not
be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the Site, or of any
service, content, feature or product offered through the Sites. User Comments, Feedback, and Other Submissions
– Cactus Sports is pleased to hear from users and welcomes your comments regarding our products and services.
However, our company policy does not allow us to accept or to consider creative ideas, suggestions, proposals,
plans, or other materials other than those we have specifically requested. Consequently, if, at our request, you
send certain specific submissions, or without a request from us you send us creative ideas, suggestions, proposals,
plans, or other materials (collectively, “Comments”), you will be deemed to grant Cactus Sports a
royalty-free, non-exclusive right and license to use, reproduce, modify, display, transmit, adapt, publish,
translate, create adaptations or derivative works from and distribute these Comments throughout the universe in any
medium and through any methods of distribution, transmission or display whether now known or hereafter devised. In
addition, you warrant that all so-called “moral rights” in the Comments have been waived.
You also agree that Cactus Sports is and will be under no obligation to:
(a) maintain any Comments in confidence;
(b) pay compensation for any Comments; or
(c) respond to any Comments. Cactus Sports has the right but not the obligation to monitor and edit or remove
any Comments.
You agree that your Comments will not violate any right of any third party, including copyright, trademark, privacy
or other personal or proprietary right. You further agree that your Comments will not contain libelous or otherwise
unlawful, abusive or obscene material, or contain any computer virus or other malware that could in any way affect
the operation of the Sites. You may not use a false email address, pretend to be someone other than yourself, or
otherwise mislead Cactus Sports or third parties as to the origin of any Comments. You are solely responsible for
any Comments you make and their accuracy. Cactus Sports takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any
Comments posted by you or any third party.Social NetworkingMany of the Sites allow users to exchange information and
ideas through social networking functions (the “Social Network”).
To permit us to do so, you acknowledge and agree that you will not:
(a) post, transmit, link to, or otherwise distribute (“Post”) any materials, information or content
(“Posting(s)”) constituting, advocating or encouraging conduct that would constitute a criminal
offense or give rise to civil liability, or otherwise use the Sites in a manner that is contrary to law or would
serve to restrict or inhibit any other user from using or enjoying the Sites or the Internet;
(b) defame, abuse, stalk, harass, threaten or otherwise violate the legal rights of others, including without
limitation, rights relating to privacy and publicity;
(c) Post any inappropriate, profane, defamatory, infringing, obscene, indecent or unlawful material or
information, including any material that is copyrighted, protected by trade secret or otherwise subject to third
party proprietary rights, including privacy and publicity rights, unless you are the owner of such rights or
have permission from their rightful owner and the necessary consents from any individuals whose personally
identifiable information is contained in such material to post the material and to grant Cactus Sports all of
the license rights granted herein;
(d) Post any information, materials or content (including, for greater certainty, software) that contains a
computer virus or other malware; or
(e) Post any information, materials or content that do not generally pertain to the designated topic or theme
within the relevant area of the Social Network, including, for greater certainty, Postings for commercial
purposes of any kind.
By Posting, you will be deemed to grant Cactus Sports a royalty-free, non-exclusive right and license to use,
reproduce, modify, display, transmit, adapt, publish, translate, create adaptations or derivative works from and
distribute these Postings throughout the universe in any medium and through any methods of distribution,
transmission or display whether now known or hereafter devised. In addition, you warrant that all so-called “moral
rights” in the Postings have been waived.
You also agree that Cactus Sports is and will be under no obligation to:
(a) maintain any Postings in confidence;
(b) pay compensation for any Postings; or
(c) respond to any Postings.
Cactus Sports has the right but not the obligation to monitor and edit or remove any Postings, as well as the right
to terminate user accounts in its discretion including, without limitation, if Cactus Sports believes that user
conduct contravenes applicable law or is harmful to the interests of Cactus Sports or its representatives, agents,
contractors, suppliers or licensees.
When participating in the Social Network, never assume that people are who they say they are, know what they say they know, or are affiliated with whom they say they are affiliated. You acknowledge and agree that Cactus Sports and its employees, agents, officers, directors or third party service providers will not be held responsible for the content or accuracy of any Postings, or for any reliance or decisions made based on such Postings.Privacy, Gift Card, and Loyalty Program PoliciesIn the footer sections of the Sites, we maintain a number of policies designed to protect and offer special benefits to our users, including our Online Shopping Terms and Conditions, our Privacy Policy, our Gift Card Policy, and our Loyalty Program Policy (the “Other Policies”). The Other Policies may vary between our individual sites and depending on your location. The terms and conditions of the Other Policies are incorporated by reference into this Agreement.Errors, Inaccuracies, and OmissionsOccasionally the Sites may present information containing typographical errors, inaccuracies, or omissions that may relate to product descriptions, pricing, promotions, offers, or availability. Although we make reasonable efforts to ensure that the Sites are current and contain no errors or inaccuracies, we make no representations, warranties or guarantees that the information, content or materials included in the Sites will be error-free or completely accurate or current at all times, or at any time. We reserve the right at any time in our sole discretion and without notice to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions to the information on our Sites. Registration to purchase products, access special content, and signup for services you may be required to register and/or create a personal account. If registration is requested, you agree to provide Sites with accurate, complete registration information. When requested during registration(s), you must use your real name and accurate information. To the best of our capabilities, we do not allow any other non-Cactus Sports employee or representative to access your account unless they provide the proper identifying information. It is your responsibility to safeguard your login information and prevent unauthorized use. Any password or right given to you to obtain information or documents is not transferable or assignable. We disclaim liability against incorrect actions taken by us as a result of receiving bad information from you during or any part of the registration process. Colors – We have tried to display as accurately as possible the colors of our products that appear at the Sites. We cannot guarantee that your computer monitor’s or printer’s display of any color will be accurate, and take no responsibility and assume no liability for any discrepancies between such displays and the actual colors of the products. Promotions – In addition to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, any contests, sweepstakes, surveys, games or similar promotions (collectively, “Promotions”) made available through the Sites may be governed by specific rules that are separate from this Agreement. By participating in any such Promotion, you will become subject to those rules, which may vary from the terms and conditions set forth herein. To the extent that the terms and conditions of such rules conflict with this Agreement, the terms and conditions of such rules will control. Security – You are prohibited from violating or attempting to violate the security of the Sites, including, without limitation:
(a) accessing data not intended for you, including logging into a server or account which you are not authorized
to access,
(b) attempting to probe, scan or test the vulnerability of a system or network to breach security or
authentication measures without proper authorization,
(c) attempting to interfere with, disrupt or disable service to any user, host or network, including, without
limitation, via means of “denial of service” attacks, overloading, “flooding”, “mail
bombing” or “crashing”,
(d) forging any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header information in any posting,
(e) disrupting network nodes or network services or otherwise restricting, inhibiting, disrupting or impeding
Cactus Sports’s ability to monitor or make the Sites available, or
(f) taking any action in order to obtain services to which the you are not entitled. Violations of system or
network security may result in civil or criminal liability.
Cactus Sports will investigate occurrences which may involve such violations and may involve, and cooperate with,
law enforcement authorities in prosecuting you if you are involved in such violations. At all times, Cactus Sports
will have the discretion to take such action as Cactus Sports deems necessary, in its sole discretion, to preclude a
security violation, and Cactus Sports will not be liable for any damages of any nature suffered by you or a third
party resulting from Cactus Sports’s exercise of its rights.DisclaimerWe provide the Sites “as is,”
and without any warranties or implied terms of any kind, whether express or implied, including but not limited to
warranties of title, merchantable quality, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement, to the fullest
extent permitted by law. The information on the Sites is for your general information purposes only and does not
constitute advice. Cactus Sports expressly disclaims any duty to update or revise the content of the Sites, although
we may do so at any time, with or without notice.Exclusion of Liability Associated with Use of the SitesYour use of
the Sites is at your sole risk, and you assume full responsibility for any costs associated with your use of the
Sites. Cactus Sports will not be liable for any damages of any kind related to your use of the Sites. You agree that
your sole remedy in the event of any problem with your use is to cease using the Sites. In no event will Cactus
Sports or any of its directors, employees, agents and representatives and their respective successors and assigns be
liable for any loss or damages whatsoever arising out or related to access to or use of the Sites or any other
website linked to the Sites or the Content, regardless of whether such loss or damages are based on warranty,
contract, tort (including negligence), strict liability, products liability or other theories of liability, and
whether or not Cactus Sports has been advised of the possibility of such damages, including without limitation
liability for direct, indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages. Without limiting the
previous paragraph, you acknowledge and agree that:
(a) Cactus Sports is not responsible for late, lost, incomplete, illegible, misdirected or stolen messages or
mail, unavailable network connections, failed, incomplete, garbled or delayed computer transmissions, online
failures, hardware, software or other technical malfunctions or disturbances or any other communications
failures or circumstances affecting, disrupting or corrupting communications; and
(b) Cactus Sports assumes no responsibility, and will not be liable, for any damages to, or any viruses
affecting
your computer equipment or other property on account of your access to or use of the Sites or your downloading
of any materials, data, text, images, video or audio from the Sites.
Indemnification – You agree to defend, indemnify and hold Cactus Sports, its parent corporations,
subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, directors, agents and employees harmless from and against any and all
allegations, claims, damages, costs and expenses, including attorneys’ fees and disbursements, arising
from or related to your use of the Sites and/or your breach of any representation, warranty, or other provision
of the Agreement. General – The waiver of any provision of the Agreement will not be considered a waiver
of any other provision or of Cactus Sports’s right to require strict observance of each of the terms
herein. If any provision of the Agreement is found to be unenforceable or invalid for any reason, that provision
will be severable, and all other provisions will remain in full force and effect. This Agreement constitutes the
entire agreement between us relating to your use of the Sites.Termination – These terms are effective
unless and until terminated by or Cactus Sports. The obligations and liabilities of the parties incurred prior
to the termination date will survive the termination of this Agreement for all purposes.
Online Shopping Terms and Conditions
(a) PaymentYou agree to pay for all charges accumulated by you on the Sites. Many products displayed on
the Sites are available in Cactus Sports retail store in Tempe, AZ. Unless otherwise indicated, prices
displayed on the Sites are quoted in U.S. Dollars.
(b) Pricing – The items available and the prices for items on the Sites are not necessarily the
same as the items and pricing within any physical location operated by Cactus Sports. All prices listed
on the Sites are subject to confirmation. Cactus Sports will strive to notify you by email within two
business days of making a purchase if the confirmed price of an item you have selected differs from the
price listed on the Sites or on your purchase order. If you receive such notification, the sale will be
automatically terminated unless you reply by email within five business days with confirmation of your
intention to purchase the item at the confirmed price.
( c) Warranty Coverage and Liability Associated with Product Purchases – Cactus Sports is not
liable or responsible for the character, quality, performance, quantity, size, color, merchantable
quality, or fitness for a particular purpose of any product acquired by you or on your behalf from
Cactus Sports.
The warranty coverage for a product, if any, will be limited to the coverage offered by Cactus Sports or
the manufacturer of the product. You acknowledge that some warranty programs are valid only in the
jurisdiction where Cactus Sports resides and that it is your sole responsibility to determine if the
warranty program for any product you purchase will be honored where you reside. You acknowledge and
agree that Cactus Sports will not in any case be liable for any amounts which exceed the value of the
particular item being purchased or for any indirect, consequential, special, incidental or punitive
damages whether or not Cactus Sports has been advised of the possibility of such damages. (d)
Restrictions
– Cactus Sports only ships to locations in the United States and Puerto Rico and select
international destinations. You must be 18 years of age or older to purchase from the Sites.You may
purchase or order items only for non-commercial and lawful purposes: no other use is permitted.
Cactus Sports reserves the right to:
(a) limit the quantities of items which you, your family or any group seek to purchase;
(b) reject, correct, cancel or refuse orders; and
(c) to terminate accounts in its discretion including, without limitation, if Cactus Sports
believes that customer conduct contravenes applicable law or is harmful to the interests of
Cactus Sports or its representatives, agents, contractors, suppliers or licensees.
Cactus Sports will use commercially reasonable efforts to deliver items as quickly as possible and
within any time periods indicated; however, Cactus Sports will not be responsible for any delays in
delivery. In order to protect you and Cactus Sports from fraudulent transactions, you agree that Cactus
Sports may provide your transaction-related information to a reputable third party organization to
perform an address verification. This address verification is intended to ensure that the “bill to”
address that you provide matches your credit card address. Cactus Sports also reserves the right, at its
discretion, not to ship items ordered or purchased on the Sites to certain addresses. If Cactus Sports
chooses not to ship an item, you will be notified by email and any amount charged to your credit card
will be refunded. Cactus Sports reserves the right to co-operate with local, state, provincial and
national authorities in investigations of improper or unlawful activities and this may require the
disclosure of personal information. We may also report to other organizations about improper or unlawful
user activities and this reporting may include disclosure of personal information relating to those
individuals conducting such improper or unlawful activities.Last, to protect our customers from the high
price of fraud, Cactus Sports reserves the right to verify any order for fraud prevention purposes. This
may result in delays to Express and Next Day Air orders. If we are unable to verify order information
within 48 hours, the order will be cancelled and Cactus Sports will use commercially reasonable efforts
to notify you as soon as possible. Cactus Sports is working to protect our customers from the high cost
of fraud so that we can continue to provide a large inventory of competitively priced products and a
positive online shopping experience.Social NetworkingMany of the Sites allow users to exchange information and ideas
through social
networking
functions (the “Social Network”). To permit us to do so, you acknowledge and agree that
you will not:
(a) post, transmit, link to, or otherwise distribute (“Post”) any materials,
information or content
(“Posting(s)”)
constituting, advocating or encouraging conduct that would constitute a criminal offense or give
rise to civil
liability, or otherwise use the Sites in a manner that is contrary to law or would serve to
restrict or inhibit
any
other user from using or enjoying the Sites or the Internet;
(b) defame, abuse, stalk, harass, threaten or otherwise violate the egal rights of others,
including without
limitation, rights relating to privacy and publicity;
(c) Post any inappropriate, profane, defamatory, infringing, obscene, indecent or unlawful
material or
information,
including any material that is copyrighted, protected by trade secret or otherwise subject to
third party
proprietary rights, including privacy and publicity rights, unless you are the owner of such
rights or have
permission from their rightful owner and the necessary consents from any individuals whose
personally
identifiable
information is contained in such material to post the material and to grant Cactus Sports all of
the license
rights
granted herein;
(d) Post any information, materials or content (including, for greater certainty, software) that
contains a
computer
virus or other malware; or
(e) Post any information, materials or content that do not generally pertain to the designated
topic or theme
within
the relevant area of the Social Network, including, for greater certainty,
Postings for commercial purposes of any kind. By Posting, you will be deemed to grant Cactus Sports a
royalty-free,
non-exclusive right and license to use, reproduce, modify, display, transmit, adapt, publish, translate,
create
adaptations or derivative works from and distribute these Postings throughout the universe in any medium
and through
any methods of distribution, transmission or display whether now known or hereafter devised. In
addition, you
warrant that all so-called “moral rights” in the Postings have been waived. You also agree
that Cactus
Sports is and will be under no obligation to:
(a) maintain any Postings in confidence;
(b) pay compensation for any Postings; or
(c) respond to any Postings.
Cactus Sports has the right but not the obligation to monitor and edit or remove any Postings, as well
as the right
to terminate user accounts in its discretion including, without limitation, if Cactus Sports believes
that user
conduct contravenes applicable law or is harmful to the interests of Cactus Sports or its
representatives, agents,
contractors, suppliers or licensees.When participating in the Social Network, never assume that people
are who they
say they are, know what they say they know, or are affiliated with whom they say they are affiliated.
You
acknowledge and agree that Cactus Sports and its employees, agents, officers, directors or third party
service
providers will not be held responsible for the content or accuracy of any Postings, or for any reliance
or decisions
made based on such Postings.Privacy, Gift Card, and Loyalty Program PoliciesIn the footer sections of
the Sites, we
maintain a number of policies designed to protect and offer special benefits to our users, including our
Online
Shopping Terms and Conditions, our Privacy Policy, our Gift Card Policy, and our Loyalty Program Policy
(the “Other
Policies”). The Other Policies may vary between our individual sites and depending on your
location. The terms
and conditions of the Other Policies are incorporated by reference into this Agreement.Errors,
Inaccuracies, and
OmissionsOccasionally the Sites may present information containing typographical errors, inaccuracies,
or omissions
that may relate to product descriptions, pricing, promotions, offers, or availability. Although we make
reasonable
efforts to ensure that the Sites are current and contain no errors or inaccuracies, we make no
representations,
warranties or guarantees that the information, content or materials included in the Sites will be
error-free or
completely accurate or current at all times, or at any time. We reserve the right at any time in our
sole discretion
and without notice to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions to the information on our Sites.
Registration to
purchase products, access special content, and signup for services you may be required to register
and/or create a
personal account. If registration is requested, you agree to provide Sites with accurate, complete
registration
information. When requested during registration(s), you must use your real name and accurate
information. To the
best of our capabilities, we do not allow any other non-Cactus Sports employee or representative to
access your account unless they provide the proper identifying information. It is your responsibility to safeguard
your login information and prevent unauthorized use. Any password or right given to you to obtain information or
documents is not transferable or assignable. We disclaim liability against incorrect actions taken by us as a result
of receiving bad information from you during or any part of the registration process. Colors – We have tried
to
display as accurately as possible the colors of our products that appear at the Sites. We cannot guarantee that
your computer monitor’s or printer’s display of any color will be accurate, and take no responsibility
and
assume no liability for any discrepancies between such displays and the actual colors of the products. Promotions
– In addition to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, any contests, sweepstakes, surveys, games or
similar promotions (collectively, “Promotions”) made available through the Sites may be governed by
specific rules that are separate from this Agreement. By participating in any such Promotion, you will become
subject to those rules, which may vary from the terms and conditions set forth herein. To the extent that the terms
and conditions of such rules conflict with this Agreement, the terms and conditions of such rules will
control. Security – You are prohibited from violating or attempting to violate the security of the Sites,
including,
without limitation:
(a) accessing data not intended for you, including logging into a server or account which you
are not authorized
to access,
(b) attempting to probe, scan or test the vulnerability of a system or network to breach
security or
authentication measures without proper authorization,
(c) attempting to interfere with, disrupt or disable service to any user, host or network,
including, without
limitation, via means of “denial of service” attacks, overloading, “flooding”,
“mail
bombing” or “crashing”,
(d) forging any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header information in any posting,
(e) disrupting network nodes or network services or otherwise restricting, inhibiting,
disrupting or impeding
Cactus Sports’s ability to monitor or make the Sites available, or
(f) taking any action in order to obtain services to which the you are not entitled. Violations
of system or
network security may result in civil or criminal liability.
Cactus Sports will investigate occurrences which may involve such violations and may involve, and
cooperate with, law enforcement authorities in prosecuting you if you are involved in such violations.
At all times, Cactus Sports will have the discretion to take such action as Cactus Sports deems
necessary, in its sole discretion, to preclude a security violation, and Cactus Sports will not be
liable for any damages of any nature suffered by you or a third party resulting from Cactus Sports’s
exercise of its rights.DisclaimerWe provide the Sites “as is,” and without any warranties or
implied terms of any kind, whether express or implied, including but not limited to warranties of title,
merchantable quality, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement, to the fullest extent
permitted by law. The information on the Sites is for your general information purposes only and does
not constitute advice. Cactus Sports expressly disclaims any duty to update or revise the content of the
Sites, although we may do so at any time, with or without notice.Exclusion of Liability Associated with
Use of the SitesYour use of the Sites is at your sole risk, and you assume full responsibility for any
costs associated with your use of the Sites. Cactus Sports will not be liable for any damages of any
kind related to your use of the Sites. You agree that your sole remedy in the event of any problem with
your use is to cease using the Sites. In no event will Cactus Sports or any of its directors, employees,
agents and representatives and their respective successors and assigns be liable for any loss or damages
whatsoever arising out or related to access to or use of the Sites or any other website linked to the
Sites or the Content, regardless of whether such loss or damages are based on warranty, contract, tort
(including negligence), strict liability, products liability or other theories of liability, and whether
or not Cactus Sports has been advised of the possibility of such damages, including without limitation
liability for direct, indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages. Without limiting
the previous paragraph, you acknowledge and agree that:
(a) Cactus Sports is not responsible for late, lost, incomplete, illegible, misdirected or
stolen messages or
mail, unavailable network connections, failed, incomplete, garbled or delayed computer
transmissions, online
failures, hardware, software or other technical malfunctions or disturbances or any other
communications
failures or circumstances affecting, disrupting or corrupting communications; and
(b) Cactus Sports assumes no responsibility, and will not be liable, for any damages to, or any
viruses affecting
your computer equipment or other property on account of your access to or use of the Sites or
your downloading of
any materials, data, text, images, video or audio from the Sites.
Indemnification – You agree to defend, indemnify and hold Cactus Sports, its parent corporations,
subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, directors, agents and employees harmless from and against any and
all allegations, claims, damages, costs and expenses, including attorneys’ fees and disbursements,
arising from or related to your use of the Sites and/or your breach of any representation, warranty, or
other provision of the Agreement. General – The waiver of any provision of the Agreement will not
be considered a waiver of any other provision or of Cactus Sports’s right to require strict
observance of each of the terms herein. If any provision of the Agreement is found to be unenforceable
or invalid for any reason, that provision will be severable, and all other provisions will remain in
full force and effect. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between us relating to your use
of the Sites.Termination – These terms are effective unless and until terminated by or Cactus
Sports. The obligations and liabilities of the parties incurred prior to the termination date will
survive the termination of this Agreement for all purposes.
Online Shopping Terms and Conditions
(a) PaymentYou agree to pay for all charges accumulated by you on the Sites. Many products displayed on
the Sites are available in Cactus Sports retail store in Tempe, AZ. Unless otherwise indicated, prices
displayed on the Sites are quoted in U.S. Dollars.
(b) Pricing – The items available and the prices for items on the Sites are not necessarily the
same as the items and pricing within any physical location operated by Cactus Sports. All prices listed
on the Sites are subject to confirmation. Cactus Sports will strive to notify you by email within two
business days of making a purchase if the confirmed price of an item you have selected differs from the
price listed on the Sites or on your purchase order. If you receive such notification, the sale will be
automatically terminated unless you reply by email within five business days with confirmation of your
intention to purchase the item at the confirmed price.
( c) Warranty Coverage and Liability Associated with Product Purchases – Cactus Sports is not
liable or responsible for the character, quality, performance, quantity, size, color, merchantable
quality, or fitness for a particular purpose of any product acquired by you or on your behalf from
Cactus Sports.
The warranty coverage for a product, if any, will be limited to the coverage offered by Cactus Sports or
the manufacturer of the product. You acknowledge that some warranty programs are valid only in the
jurisdiction where Cactus Sports resides and that it is your sole responsibility to determine if the
warranty program for any product you purchase will be honored where you reside. You acknowledge and
agree that Cactus Sports will not in any case be liable for any amounts which exceed the value of the
particular item being purchased or for any indirect, consequential, special, incidental or punitive
damages whether or not Cactus Sports has been advised of the possibility of such damages. (d)
Restrictions – Cactus Sports only ships to locations in the United States and Puerto Rico and
select international destinations. You must be 18 years of age or older to purchase from the Sites.You
may purchase or order items only for non-commercial and lawful purposes: no other use is permitted.
Cactus Sports reserves the right to:
(a) limit the quantities of items which you, your family or any group seek to purchase;
(b) reject, correct, cancel or refuse orders; and
(c) to terminate accounts in its discretion including, without limitation, if Cactus Sports
believes that
customer conduct contravenes applicable law or is harmful to the interests of Cactus Sports or
its
representatives, agents, contractors, suppliers or licensees.
Cactus Sports will use commercially reasonable efforts to deliver items as quickly as possible and
within any time
periods indicated; however, Cactus Sports will not be responsible for any delays in delivery. In order
to protect
you and Cactus Sports from fraudulent transactions, you agree that Cactus Sports may provide your
transaction-related information to a reputable third party organization to perform an address
verification. This
address verification is intended to ensure that the “bill to” address that you provide
matches your
credit card address. Cactus Sports also reserves the right, at its discretion, not to ship items ordered
or
purchased on the Sites to certain addresses. If Cactus Sports chooses not to ship an item, you will be
notified by
email and any amount charged to your credit card will be refunded. Cactus Sports reserves the right to
co-operate
with local, state, provincial and national authorities in investigations of improper or unlawful
activities and this
may require the disclosure of personal information. We may also report to other organizations about
improper or
unlawful user activities and this reporting may include disclosure of personal information relating to
those
individuals conducting such improper or unlawful activities.Last, to protect our customers from the high
price of
fraud, Cactus Sports reserves the right to verify any order for fraud prevention purposes. This may
result in delays
to Express and Next Day Air orders. If we are unable to verify order information within 48 hours, the
order will be
cancelled and Cactus Sports will use commercially reasonable efforts to notify you as soon as possible.
Cactus
Sports is working to protect our customers from the high cost of fraud so that we can continue to
provide a large
inventory of competitively priced products and a positive online shopping experience.