https://capriolas.com/privacy-notice/
Privacy Policy + Terms of Use – J.M. Capriola
TopMENUMENUNews & ArticlesAccountCartCheckoutNewsletterJ.M. CapriolaHome of the Original Garcia Bit & Spur CompanyCall Toll Free 1-888-738-5816
Monday-Saturday 9-5:pm Elko, Nevada
MENUMENUSaddles
New SaddlesUsed Saddles
The Nevada SaddleAccessories & Rigging the Saddle
The Saddle TreeThe Saddle Patterns
Bits & Spurs
Garcia BitsGarcia SpursGarcia Snaffle BitsGarcia Elko "Legacy Line" U.S.A.Bit & Spur OptionsBit Mouth-piece OptionsGarcia Products
Rowells
Shop
Chaps & ChinksHeadstallsRigging the SaddleRanch RopesStirrups & TapaderosHobbles & Skid Boots
Rawhide Products - Reins, Bosals, Reatas and MoreLeather and Rawhide CareBreast CollarsSpur StrapsMecatesReins
BedrollsCapriola MerchandiseCustomized ProductsSilver HardwareBlankets & PadsRoping Accessories
Back On TrackThe Ranch House
Apparel
Men's
Wool Sweaters
Women's
Women's Wool Sweaters
HatsT-ShirtsBeltsChildrens ApparelBags & Purses
Outdoor Items
Range GearSaddle BagsMoore Fencing ToolsPocket KnivesHunting & TacticalFishingPalm Leaf Hats
Book StoreThe Makers Market
Jon PetersJohn WrightKimberly Hunter
HistoryContact Us
Take A Virtual Tour
Home / Privacy Policy + Terms of UsePrivacy Policy + Terms of Use
Updated May 24, 2018
Terms Of Use
By visiting our site, you are accepting the practices described in our privacy policy, including our use of cookies and similar online tools.  If you do not agree to the terms of this privacy policy, please do not use the site.
We reserve the right to modify or amend the terms of our privacy policy from time to time without notice. Your continued use of our site following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes.  If we intend to apply the modifications or amendments to this privacy policy retroactively or to personally identifiable information already in our possession, we will provide you with notice of the modifications or amendments and seek your consent for such use.
This privacy policy does not apply to sites maintained by other companies or organizations to which we may link or who may link to us. We are not responsible for the actions and privacy policies of third party websites.
This Site is published in the United States. We attempt to protect the personally identifiable information of all users of our Site and we attempt to comply with local data protection and consumer rights laws to the extent they may apply to our services, but our Site is targeted to United States citizens and our policies are directed at compliance with those laws.  If you are uncertain whether this privacy policy conflicts with the applicable local privacy laws where you are located, you should not submit your personally identifiable information to this site.
If you are located outside the United States of America, you should be aware that information about you will be transferred to the United States of America. If you are located in a country outside the United States of America and voluntarily submit personally identifiable information to us, you thereby consent to the general use of such information as provided in this privacy policy and to the transfer of that information to, and/or storage of that information in, the United States of America.
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice. You may access the majority of this site without registering your details. However certain sections of this website require registration of some personal details.
Privacy Notice
J.M. Capriola. acknowledges the importance of protecting the privacy and security of capriola.com users. The information we collect is used to improve the services we and our subsidiaries offer, to improve our Web sites content, and, with your permission, to contact you with updates to our web site or other marketing information. However, J.M. Capriola. will not share any information obtained on this site with any other company or sell information obtained on this site to any company or marketing group external to and its J.M. Capriola. subsidiaries.
Security
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
When you place orders or access your personal information, we offer the use of a secure server. All sensitive/credit information you supply is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and validated then processed by a third party vendor. Credit card information is never stored on our web server. We only have access to the shipping details you provide.
Privacy
Certain areas of capriola.com may require registration or a password for access. Information obtained from registered users of these areas may also be used for J.M. Capriola. marketing purposes, and cookies may be used in those and other areas, as is described in this policy. Information obtained in these areas may also be used in accordance with agreements governing access to and use of the specific areas.
For answers to some frequently asked questions on this Privacy Policy, please read below.
What information is captured from visitors to capriola.com? The capriola.com Web server uses an extended log file format, which captures: date and time of visit, refer address (location from which a visitor comes to capriola.com), type of Internet browser, and visitor IP address. (Each computer that connects to the Internet is assigned a unique number, an IP Address, for identification purposes). The log file does not capture a visitors email address.
Is personal information requested? In the Catalog area, your name, address, phone number, email address, and billing and shipping information are requested. This information is collected to help us further develop our services, to provide you access to valuable J.M. Capriola. Internet-based information and services, and to bill you for those services if you elect to use them.
How is the information used? The information helps us identify the type of Web site content our customers value most. We then use this information to improve the Web site and as provided in this policy. We also use this information to send you email notifications about updates to the Web site when you give us permission, and to contact you for marketing purposes (again, only if you give us permission). None of the information collected is shared with organizations external to J.M. Capriola. and its subsidiaries.
Will my information be used for any other purposes? J.M. Capriola. may periodically send you information about various products and services if you grant J.M. Capriola. your permission to do so. Your preferences can be changed at any time.
What happens when I leave capriola.com to visit a linked Web site? Parts of capriola.com consist of products and services hosted by third-party businesses. When you leave capriola.com to visit one of these sites, the only information transferred to the third party is the fact that you came from capriola.com (the refer address). This practice allows the third party to monitor its own Web site traffic, but does not provide them with any information about you. J.M. Capriola. is not responsible or liable for the independent privacy policies of our third party sites. You should consult the privacy policies at those sites to determine how your information may be used.
Are cookies used? Cookies are used to achieve two goals. The first is to provide J.M. Capriola. with the capability to personalize information for certain segments of its customer base. Secondly, in some instances, cookies are used to allow J.M. Capriola. the opportunity to associate individual customers with their information profiles.
What is a cookie? A cookie is a series of data characters that, when programmed into a Web site, is placed by the Web Server into the browsers application folder on your computer. Once placed onto your machine, the cookie will allow the Web site to “recognize” you as a unique individual.
Can cookies be removed from my hard drive? Yes, cookies can be removed from your hard drive. Also, depending on what type of web browser and what browser version you are using, you may be able to change the properties on your cookie file so that cookies are not used or saved. Please check with your browser provider for more information on removing cookies.
Analytics
We have third party agents, subsidiaries, affiliates and partners that perform functions on our behalf, including, but not limited to, hosting, content management tools, social media integration, marketing, analytics, billing and customer service.  These entities may have access to personally identifiable information if needed to perform their functions.  If such access is required, the third parties will be obligated to maintain the confidentiality and security of that personally identifiable information.  They are restricted from using, selling, distributing or altering this data in any way other than to provide the requested services to this Site.
Direct Marketing
We may use your personal data to send you direct marketing communications about our gear and services. This will be in the form of email or targeted online advertisements.
Where we require explicit opt-in consent for direct marketing in accordance with the Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations we will ask for your consent unless you are filling a form with the express purpose to receive our newsletter. Otherwise, for non-electronic marketing or where we can rely on the soft opt-in exemption under the Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations, we will be relying on our Legitimate Interests for the purposes of GDPR.
You have a right to stop receiving direct marketing at any time – you can do this by following the opt-out links in electronic communication.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Your contact information
We collect any information that can individually identify you and includes, your name, address, phone number, and email address to process or contact you regarding an order.
We will collect information from you directly when you sign up for a newsletter from our website, when you purchase from our website, where you complete a survey, or where you contact us with questions or suggestions.
We will not knowingly collect any personal data about children for the purpose of marketing without making it clear that such information should only be provided with parental consent, if this is required by applicable laws – so we only use the personal data of children as far as is permitted by law where the required parental or guardian consent has been obtained.
How we protect your data
We take reasonable security measures to protect your information, including the use of physical, technical and administrative controls.  Please understand, however, that while we try our best to safeguard your personally identifiable information once we receive it, no transmission of data over the Internet or any other public network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
You need to help protect the privacy of your own information. You must take precautions to protect the security of any personally identifiable information that you may transmit over any home networks, wireless routers, wireless (WiFi) networks or similar devices by using encryption and other techniques to prevent unauthorized persons from intercepting or receiving any of your personally identifiable information.
You are responsible for the security of your information when using unencrypted, open access or otherwise unsecured networks.
How do I contact J.M. Capriola?
We can be reached via email at info@capriola.com or by telephone at 1-888-738-5816.
Additional resources on information privacy Electronic Privacy Information Center focuses public attention on emerging civil liberties issues relating to the National Information Infrastructure. EPIC Alert is the online newsletter of the Electronic Privacy Information Center in Washington, DC. The newsletter is bi-weekly and covers issue related to privacy and civil liberties in the information age.
J.M. Capriola. reserves the right to amend the privacy policy at any time with or without notice. Please check back frequently in the event of changes.
Your use of capriola.com constitutes your agreement to this Privacy Policy.
Newsletter Sign-up
Leave this field empty if you're human:
The Capriola Catalog!
Search the Shop
Search for:
Search
Capriola Categories
The Ranch House
Garcia Bits
Saddles
Garcia Snaffle Bits
Bedroll
Capriola Silver Hardware
Saddle Accessories
Ranch Ropes
Gift Cards
The Makers Market
Back On Track
Garcia Spurs
Mecates
Stirrups
Breast Collars
Rigging The Saddle
Headstalls
Reins
Rawhide Products
Hobbles
Chaps & Chinks
Leather and Rawhide Care
Apparel
Capriola Merchandise
Spur Straps
Blankets & Pads
Book Store
Customized Products
Outdoor Items
Garcia Products
Search Our Site
Search
Generic filters
Hidden label
Exact matches only
Hidden label
Search in title
Hidden label
Search in content
Hidden label
Try these: Garcia BitsGarcia SpursRanch RopesChaps and ChinksHatsGift Certificates
JOIN THE RIDE
J.M. CAPRIOLA - ELKO, NEVADA
JOIN THE RIDE
J.M. CAPRIOLA - ELKO, NEVADA
JOIN THE RIDE
J.M. CAPRIOLA - ELKO, NEVADA
Privacy + Terms of Use
Shipping & Returns
Contact Information
News & Articles
Account
Cart
Checkout
Newsletter
YouTube
Facebook
Instagram
Gear Appraisals
Gift Cards
Site Credits
© 2009–2020 J.M. Capriola Co.
500 Commercial Street, Elko Nevada 89801
Hours: Monday-Saturday 9-5 p.m. | Call Toll Free 1-888-738-5816 or Phone (775)-738-5816