http://caraudiofactory.com/privacy.php?osCsid=dna8le0nrm3gkh924n8f8nn9l6
Top » Catalog » Privacy Notice
My Account						  |
Cart Contents
|  Checkout
Categories
DJ SpeakersPodiumSubwoofer Enclosures (298)SubwoofersSub/Box/Amp CombosCar Amplifiers
What's New?
2011 and up Toyota Tundra Crew Max Sub Box 2X12$79.99
Quick Find
Use keywords to find the product you are looking for.Advanced Search
Information
Shipping & ReturnsPrivacy NoticeAbout UsContact Us
Privacy Notice
Privacy Policy StatementThis is the web site of Car Audio Factory.
Our postal address is
301 Gonyo Rd
Richmond, TX 77469
We can be reached via e-mail at xplosive@gmail.com
or you can reach us by telephone at 18004238831
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes only the consumer's domain name, but not the e-mail address (where possible).
We collect only the domain name, but not the e-mail address of visitors to our Web page, the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations, no information on consumers who browse our Web page and .
The information we collect is and .
With respect to cookies: We use cookies to store visitors preferences, record session information, such as items that consumers add to their shopping cart.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you will only receive the information for which you provided us your address.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line will only receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders they have placed on-line.
Please provide us with your name and phone number. We will be sure your name is removed from the list we share with other organizations With respect to Ad Servers: We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies. From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will use for these new purposes only data collected from the time of the policy change forward .
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to all information [including proprietary information] that we maintain about them.
Upon request we offer visitors the ability to have inaccuracies corrected in contact information, transaction information.
With respect to security: When we transfer and receive certain types of sensitive information such as financial or health information, we redirect visitors to a secure server and will notify visitors through a pop-up screen on our site.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number.
Auto Explosion - Free auto classifiedsBuy or sell a car, RV, motorcycle, or a boat at our free photo classifieds.
Modification Information for all Import and Domestic Cars.
Pickup Truck Tonneau Bed Covers - Truck bed covers from top name brand manufactures such as Extang, Pace Edwards, Fold-A-Cover, Access, Advance, Lund, Tonneau Master and more.
Get a Six Pack Now Using this Ab workout report
Shopping Cart
0 items
Reviews
Wait was long but worth it I have one skar evl-15d2 in a Dod ..
Friday 11 December, 2020
Questions? Orders? Call Toll Free: (800) 423 - 8831
Car Audio Factory301 Gonyo RdRichmond, TX 77469
© 2012 Car Audio FactoryAll Rights Reserved.