https://carolynpollackjewelry.com/privacy/
Skip to content
Privacy and Security
Below are our online policies for Security, Privacy, Copyright, COPPA, and Ethics. If you have any questions or comments, please feel free to ask.
Security:
This and all Relios Jewelry Web Sites use SSL 3.0, RC4 with 128 bit encryption (High); RSA with 768 bit exchange. Certificates for security are provided to our server by VeriSign.
Privacy:
How we handle the information we gather when you visit our website.
Web server activity logs – Like most web servers on the Internet, our servers collect and store all of the information that your web browser sends when it requests a web page, including:
the name, domain, and numerical Internet address of the “host” computer (typically a computer belonging to your Internet Service Provider and not your personal computer) from which you access the Internet. For example, your host computer’s name is Harriet and its numerical address is 63.145.212.102;
the date and time you accessed our site;
the Internet address of the web page that you came from;
the page you requested from our site and the number of characters sent to your computer; and
the information your web browser software sends as its so-called “User Agent,” which typically identifies the browser software and may also indicate the operating system and type of CPU used in your personal computer.
It is impossible to determine the actual identity of an individual user from this information. The logs are periodically summarized and analyzed in order to study site usage over time and to perform other studies to help us improve the site’s organization, performance, and usefulness.
Electronic mail – When you send us personal identifying information via e-mail (that is, in a message containing a question or comment, or by filling out a form that e-mails us this information), we use it to respond to your requests. We may forward your e-mail to individuals who are better able to answer your questions. We do not retain or distribute lists of e-mail addresses to any parties outside of Relios, Inc. In no event, do we distribute lists of e-mail addresses.
Online surveys – When you voluntarily provide us with personal information as part of an online survey, we use it to perform various quantitative and qualitative analyses to improve customer service and satisfaction. You are under no obligation to participate in such surveys. Non-participation will not inhibit your use of our web site in any way. If you provided the information to us in error, you may request its removal at any time.
Ordering products – When you voluntarily provide us with personal information such as name, shipping and billing address, and credit card number when ordering products online, we use the information to fulfill your order. We may forward the information to other computer systems (such as secure electronic commerce servers) to complete the requested transaction.
Marketing information – We may collect information from you, with your permission, that will allow us to provide various customer services, such as promotional materials and product or service availability notices. We will remove such information at your request.
Collection and release of gathered information –We want to make it clear that we will not obtain personal identifying information about you when you visit our web sites, unless you choose to provide such information to us. We do not attempt to identify individual users or share any information we receive with any parties outside of Relios, Inc. The only exceptions to this are: officially authorized law enforcement investigations wherein Relios, Inc. has been served with an appropriate warrant to provide specific information, or a suspected attempt to deliberately circumvent our system’s security with the intent to gain unauthorized access or to do physical damage for example, an attack by hackers. In this case, collected information associated with a suspected intruder will be provided to the FBI.
Retention of collected information
Cookies – Some applications may save a “cookie” on your computer’s hard disk to provide a temporary history of actions taken. A common example is the tracking of items placed in an online “shopping basket.” We do not retain any record of “cookies” beyond what is necessary for running the application.
Web server activity logs – Monthly extracts of the log files are archived and stored off-line at our discretion for an indefinite period of time. Some statistical summaries derived from these data may be retained online or off-line at our discretion for an indefinite period of time.
E-mail – Information collected via e-mail will be retained at our discretion in a directly readable form for as long as necessary to complete our response. The e-mail itself may be retained in an archival form.
Online surveys – Information collected via online surveys may be maintained at our discretion for an indefinite period of time. Marketing information – Such information may be maintained at our discretion for an indefinite period of time.
Copyright:
All content provided on this web site, including but not limited to button icons, formatting, graphics, images, logos, software, and text, is copyrighted by Relios, Inc. under United States law and is protected by worldwide copyright laws and treaty provisions. Any reproduction, modification, storage in a retrieval system or retransmission, in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, or otherwise, for reasons other than personal use, is strictly prohibited without prior written permission.
You are welcome to make a link to any of the Relios, Inc. web pages published on the Internet. There is no need to request permission.
Use of the Relios, Inc. logo is prohibited without written permission.
COPPA:
Relios, Inc. does not operate a commercial Web site directed to children under 13. We do not collect personal information from children. We do not have actual knowledge that we are collecting personal information from children. If at a future date Relios, Inc. establishes or provides services on a web site that in anyway meets the criteria of the Act, Relios, Inc. will ensure that full compliance is met by Relios, Inc. in every aspect of the Act. Compliance
Ethics Statement:
Relios, Inc. depends on the skills, abilities and commitments of all employees, but also on their integrity and collective common sense. Our employees are involved with our customers, suppliers, fellow employees, shareholders, and the community in which we operate.
Relios, Inc. pledges to: increase customer satisfaction by providing customers with quality products and services that are innovative and responsive to their requirements. treat our suppliers fairly, honestly, and objectively. treat our employees in a fair and evenhanded manner and foster an office culture that is diverse and is based on trust, mutual respect, teamwork, and integrity. aggressively pursue growth and profitability, while always keeping ethical standards in the forefront of our activities. act ethically and as responsible and responsive corporate citizens in compliance with the law In the community of which we are a member. Relios, Inc.’s employees are encouraged to seek guidance or to report suspected violations of our standards. All calls are treated confidentially to the extent permitted under the law.
Bracelets
Rings
Necklaces
Pendants
Earrings
Accessories
OUTLET
Collections
Gifts
Gemstones
Carolyn’s Story
Features
SHOP the SALE!
Giving Back Together
Joyland Designer Jewelry Gifts
Jewelry Gifts for Special Occasions
Wishlist
Link Bracelet Fit Video
Cuff Bracelet Fit Video
Enhance Your Necklace Video
Blog
Login
Designed and Crafted in AmericaFree Shipping and Extended Returns Through January 31st 1 Year Limited Warranty
Login
Username or email address *
Password *
Remember me
Log in
Lost your password?
Register
Email address *
A password will be sent to your email address.
Your personal data will be used to support your experience throughout this website, to manage access to your account, and for other purposes described in our privacy policy.
Register