https://carolenevin.com/terms-conditions/
Skip to content
Terms & ConditionsCarole Nevin2020-06-18T16:11:10+02:00
Terms & ConditionsThis document specifies the standard Terms and Conditions of Websales between the Providers (us) and the Purchaser (you).About usCarole Nevin Designs CC, is a designer, manufacturer, wholesaler and exporter of exclusive, hand-crafted, homeware textiles. We are based in Cape Town, South Africa and our textiles products include curtaining and upholstery fabric; table linen; kitchen linen; scatter cushions; bags and accessories.Use of SiteYou may only use this site to browse the content, make legitimate purchases and shall not use this site for any other purposes, including without limitation, to make any speculative, false or fraudulent purchase. This site and the content provided in this site may not be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted or distributed. ‘Deep-linking’, ’embedding’ or using analogous technology is strictly prohibited. Unauthorized use of this site and/or the materials contained on this site may violate applicable copyright, trademark or other intellectual property laws or other laws.Disclaimer of WarrantyThe contents of this site are provided “as is” without warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied, including but not limited to warranties of merchantability, fitness for a purpose and non-infringement.The owner of this site, the authors of these contents and in general anybody connected to this site in any way, from now on collectively called “Providers”, assume no responsibility for errors or omissions in these contents.The Providers further do not warrant, guarantee or make any representation regarding the safety, reliability, accuracy, correctness or completeness of these contents. The Providers shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, general, special, incidental or consequential damages (including -without limitation- data loss, lost revenues and lost profit) which may result from the inability to use or the correct or incorrect use, abuse, or misuse of these contents, even if the Providers have been informed of the possibilities of such damages. The Providers cannot assume any obligation or responsibility.The use of these contents is forbidden in those places where the law does not allow this disclaimer to take full effect.Our RightsWe reserve the right to:modify or withdraw, temporarily or permanently, the Website (or any part of) with or without notice to you and you confirm that we shall not be liable to you or any third party for any modification to or withdrawal of the Website; and/orchange these Conditions from time to time, and your continued use of the Website (or any part of) following such change shall be deemed to be your acceptance of such change. It is your responsibility to check regularly to determine whether the Conditions have been changed. If you do not agree to any change to the Conditions then you must immediately stop using the Website.We will use our reasonable endeavours to maintain the Website. The Website is subject to change from time to time. You will not be eligible for any compensation because you cannot use any part of the Website or because of a failure, suspension or withdrawal of all or part of the Website due to circumstances beyond our control.Privacy PolicyWe are committed to protecting your privacy. This privacy policy applies to all the web pages related to this website.All the information gathered in the online forms on the website is used to personally identify users that subscribe to this service. The information will not be used for anything other that which is stated in the Terms & Conditions of use for this service. None of the information will be sold or made available to anyone.The Site may collect certain information about your visit, such as the name of the Internet service provider and the Internet Protocol (IP) address through which you access the Internet; the date and time you access the Site; the pages that you access while at the Site and the Internet address of the Web site from which you linked directly to our site. This information is used to help improve the Site, analyze trends, and administer the Site.We may need to change this policy from time to time in order to address new issues and reflect changes on our site. We will post those changes here so that you will always know what information we gather, how we might use that information, and any manner of disclosure of information. Please refer back to this policy regularly. If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policy, please send us an E-mail.By using this website, you signify your acceptance of our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our site. Your continued use of the website following the posting of changes to these terms will mean that you accept those changes.Cookie/Tracking TechnologyThe Site may use cookie and tracking technology depending on the features offered. Cookie and tracking technology are useful for gathering information such as browser type and operating system, tracking the number of visitors to the Site, and understanding how visitors use the Site. Cookies can also help customize the Site for visitors. Personal information cannot be collected via cookies and other tracking technology; however, if you previously provided personally identifiable information, cookies may be tied to such information. Aggregate cookie and tracking information may be shared with third parties.Third Party LinksIn an attempt to provide increased value to our Users, we may provide links to other websites or resources. You acknowledge and agree that we are not responsible for the availability of such external sites or resources, and do not endorse and are not responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for the privacy practices or the content (including misrepresentative or defamatory content) of such websites, including (without limitation) any advertising, products or other materials or services on or available from such websites or resources, nor for any damage, loss or offence caused or alleged to be caused by, or in connection with, the use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on such external sites or resources.Product availabilityLead time is dependent on stock availability. Should we have stock available, orders will be dispatched within 3 (three) working days of order and payment. Should the product not be in stock please allow 5 working days for manufacture and dispatch plus freight transit time i.e. allow 1 week for delivery within South Africa and 3-4 weeks for international delivery.Every effort is made to effect shipment of your order timeously however unforeseen circumstances may cause delays. Should we be faced with such an occurrence, Carole Nevin Designs CC will contact you via email and provide a revised shipping schedule.Delivery PolicyWhen you click to make a purchase with us legal obligations arise and your right to refund of monies charged to your credit card or paid in any other way agreed by us, are limited by our terms & conditions. You must not make any purchase through this site unless you understand and agree all our terms and conditions. Once payment is made for the purchase, it is deemed that you have read and understood the terms and conditions for such purchase. If you have any queries please contact us before making any purchase for any service through this website.Shipping:International Orders:Your order will be shipped using Fedex InternationalAverage shipping period of 20 working days from the date of order dispatched.International Shipment will be to the door to door deliveryLocal Orders:Your order will be shipped via ARAMEX or Fed ex Delivery or IN house Delivery.Average shipping period of 7-10 working days from date of order dispatched.If you would like your parcel to be delivered by a specific date please let us know via email and we can arrange a specialized courier company to deliver your parcel at an added charge (NOTE: overnight courier fees may be expensive).Our postage costs are calculated at standard air mail rates based on your selected delivery destination and the dimensions and weight of the items you order.NOTE: Please ensure the correct shipping address is provided from the outset as title and risk will pass to you once the order has left our premises.Undeliverable packagesOccasionally packages are returned to us undeliverable. Should this event take place, every attempt will be made to contact you to make arrangements for re-shipment.Carole Nevin Designs is not responsible for lost or stolen packages nor are we responsible for additional shipping charges if the packaging is returned to our workshop because of an address error, customer absence or package refusal.If it is your first parcel that has gone missing we will gladly replace it, if you have not received your parcel within 3 months from the date of dispatch; however we do not offer full refunds each case will be assessed on Merit.If an address needs to be changed after the order has been placed, we will do our best to make the necessary changes, but we cannot be held responsible for packages that have already been shipped.Carole Nevin Designs cannot track parcels once they have left South Africa. We cannot be held responsible if your package is held at your post office or returned to us. Most packages are delivered without a problem, although sometimes it takes time. Please be patient and contact your local post office if your parcel is delayed. Carole Nevin Designs is also not responsible for any other Vat charges or additional custom charges you might incur upon collection of parcel.Damaged goods:If your order arrives damaged or somehow you are not happy with the order, please contact us immediately and send us a photo of the item and packaging. Any items damaged items will be replaced by us.Order processingOrder processing will not begin until we receive a confirmed order and full payment.Refunds/returns PolicyRefunds:Should you for any reason wish to cancel your purchase you will be liable for a 20% (of total order) handling fee. You must advise us in writing of your cancellation and any such cancellation must be signed by the person who made the original purchase. The goods must be returned to us undamaged in the original packaging within 14 calendar days.NOTE: It should be well noted that our products are handmade and as such there will be a certain degree of irregularity with the designs and colours which gives them their handcrafted appeal.WE do not offer REFUNDS on parcels that have been returned to us dues to customers’ absence, package refusal or address error.Return shipments:For local customers we recommends that you use Speed Services Couriers (South African Postal Services) or Aramex for all returns as it offers shipment tracking through a 24 hours customer helpline. Should you choose to use a carrier that does not offer a tracking facility and the goods are lost then no refund or return will be considered.For international customers should make use of a courier that offers:Shipment tracking.Insure your package for safe return and declare the full value of the shipment failing which loss or damage will be for your account.Payment Options and PricingCarole Nevin Designs CC endeavours to offer you competitive prices on current products; you’re total order price will include the price of the purchase plus any applicable sales tax and shipping charges (on the day of shipping).Carole Nevin Designs CC reserves the right to change pricing at any time without prior notice.Merchant Outlet country and transaction currencyThe merchant outlet country at the time of presenting payment options to the cardholder is South Africa. Transaction Currency is ZAR (South African Rand).NOTE: Please keep in mind that foreign currency prices displayed on this webpage are close estimations and may vary depending on your payment facilityCredit CardWe accept MasterCard and Visa credit cards. If you do not have a credit card please utilize one of the other payment options, or simply log off and return to the site at a later time to complete your order. All of your order details will be saved online under in the Your Account section available for use whenever you’re ready! Sorry for the inconvenience.PaypalPlease note: We cannot be responsible for any additional charges by Paypal. Please check charges before purchasing.EFT and Direct DepositEFT (Electronic Fund Transfer) is one of the most widely used ways of sending money online. Once you have added all the items which you require to your shopping cart, proceed to “Checkout” and follow the order processing instructions. Select the option to pay via EFT. You will then have to load Carole Nevin Designs CC as a beneficiary on your internet banking and use the unique order number in the reference line for your payment. This should ensure speedy processing and delivery of your selected products.Banking DetailsBank Name       : Standard Bank (Fish Hoek Branch)Account Name  : Carole Nevin DesignsBranch Code      : 036-009Account No.       : 270366695Account Type    : ChequeSWIFT                : SBZAZAJJYou may pay for your products through a direct deposit. It’s very similar to the EFT payment, except you’ll have to go into your bank and physically make your direct deposit there.Please email your EFT proof of payment or bank deposit slip to websales@carolenevin.co.za to ensure your payment is confirmed and order shipped as quickly as possible.For more information about how to order, special order requirements and other payment options, please contact our Support Team on +27 01 788 1077 or email websales@carolenevin.co.zaSecurity PolicyVirtual Card Services process all credit card transactions. All credit card transactions are 128 bit Secure Socket Layers (SSL) encrypted. The company registration documents and the site’s registered domain name are checked and verified by Thawte, ensuring the cardholder and merchant that nobody can impersonate VCS to obtain confidential information.Virtual Card Services is committed to providing secure online services. All encryption complies with international standards. Encryption is used to protect the transmission of personal information when completing online transactions. Virtual Card Services Internet servers are protected by firewalls and intrusion detection systems.The Merchant does not have access to credit details.Virtual Card Services continually reviews and enhances its security in line with technological changes.Customs, Duties and TaxesWhen ordering from Carole Nevin Designs, you’re responsible for assuring the product can lawfully imported to the destination country.The recipient is the importer of record and must comply with all laws and regulations of the destination country. Orders shipped outside of South Africa may be subject to import taxes, customs duties and fees levied by the destination country.The recipient of an international shipment may be subject to such import taxes, customs duties and fees, which are levied once a shipment reaches the recipient’s country.Additional charges for customs clearance must be fulfilled by the recipient; Carole Nevin Designs has no control over these charges, nor can Carole Nevin Designs predict what they may be.Customs policies vary widely from country to country; you should contact your local customs office for more information.When customs clearance procedures are required, it can cause delays beyond our original delivery estimates.LawThe Conditions will be exclusively governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of South Africa whose Courts will have exclusive jurisdiction in any dispute, save that we have the right, at our sole discretion, to commence and pursue proceedings in alternative jurisdictions.Updating of these Terms and ConditionsWe reserve the right to change, modify, add to or remove from portions or the whole of these Terms and Conditions from time to time. Changes to these Terms and Conditions will become effective upon such changes being posted to this Website. It is the User’s obligation to periodically check these Terms and Conditions at the Website for changes or updates. The User’s continued use of this Website following the posting of changes or updates will be considered notice of the User’s acceptance to abide by and be bound by these Terms and Conditions, including such changes or updates.ConsentI understand that all the designs and trademarks are registered to Carole Nevin Designs CC and hereby accept the terms and conditions. I undertake not to copy/duplicate the trademarks and designs directly or indirectly in anyway and understand the legal implications thereof. Should I be found to be in violation of this agreement I understand that I will be held liable for all legal costs incurred by Carole Nevin Designs CC for any civil action or any legal action deemed necessary against me.Contact DetailsPhysical address: Eastlake Studios, 30 Eastlake Drive, Marina da Gama, Muizenberg, 7945, Cape Town, South AfricaPostal address:     PO Box 592, Noordhoek, 7979, South AfricaEmail address: info@carolenevin.co.za, websales@carolenevin.co.zaPhone numbers: +27 21 788 1077Fax numbers:     +27 21 788 1351A copy of the ECT Act is available at http://www.polity.org.za/pol/acts/2002.
Go to Top