https://carrvalleycheese.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
The executive managers at carrvalleycheese.com know that our customers expect us to keep their information private and secure. This statement describes our privacy policy. By visiting carrvalleycheese.com, you are accepting the practices described below.
Personal Information About Customers that carrvalleycheese.com Gathers
Information you give us: We reserve the right to store any information, other than your credit card number and cvc code, that you enter on our web site or provide us over the phone or in any other way. This includes address information and shopping choices. We use the information that you provide for such purposes as shipping your packages, responding to your requests, improving our selection, and communicating with you. We may also use that information for future marketing purposes.
Automatic Information: We receive and store certain data elements whenever you log on to our web site. Like many web sites, we use cookies and obtain browser information like referring pages and browser brand and version. We also timestamp the date and time of your visit.
Email Communications: We do not utilize email open confirmation, a technique many sites use to determine when you open email from them. We consider this practice invasive and wasteful of bandwidth.
How We Use Cookies
Cookies are small files that reside on your computer that web sites transfer to your hard drive through your browser. Our cookies simply enable our web site to recognize who you are in order to offer you a personalized greeting. We also use cookies to store items in your shopping cart before checkout. In order to shop successfully at carrvalleycheese.com, you need to leave cookies turned on in your browser's settings.
How carrvalleycheese.com Shares Information About Customers
Carr Valley Cheese Co. provides your shipping information to UPS, SpeeDee Shipping Services, and USPS (for obvious reasons). We securely transmit your credit card data to the appropriate credit card company during order processing. As web technology and the online operating environment are constantly evolving, we cannot accurately predict all future applications of the data we store about your order history. If you strongly oppose any use of your contact information other than what is needed to fulfill orders, please let us know by emailing us at orders@carrvalleycheese.com.
In the event Carr Valley Cheese Co. buys or sells a business unit, customer information may be one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the policies made in this Privacy Statement.
With respect to law enforcement, we may be obliged to release personal information if we believe such release is appropriate to comply with the law, or protect the rights, property, or safety of carrvalleycheese.com, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with organizations that fight fraud and identity theft.
Security of Sensitive Information
We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input. We reveal only a fragment of your credit card number when confirming an order. Information stored in our customer database is protected using state-of-the-art security methods.
Our business changes constantly, and our Privacy Statement may change periodically. Please check our web site frequently to see if any changes take place. However, we will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers.
For questions, please contact us by phone at 1-800-462-7258 or by mail at S3797 County Rd. G, La Valle, WI 53941.
More Information Pages
Return Policy Page
Terms and Conditions Page
Scroll to Top
{"cart_token":"","hash":"","cart_data":""}