https://carromboardsaustralia.com.au/copyright-privacy-policy/
Toggle menu
07 5576 7195
Gift Certificate
LoginorSign Up
0
Search
×
Main Menu
ABOUT US
DELIVERY & SHIPPING
PAYMENT METHODS
CONTACT US
TERMS & CONDITIONS
WHAT IS CARROM
COPYRIGHT
Shop By Category
CARROM BOARDS
POKER CHIP SETS
CARROM ACCESSORIES
CHESS SETS
Gift Certificates
Login or Sign Up
Shop by Category
CARROM BOARDS
POKER CHIP SETS
CARROM ACCESSORIES
CHESS SETS
Shop by Brand
View all Brands
Home
COPYRIGHT
COPYRIGHT
COPYRIGHT POLICY
All Copyright in this site and the images and other works displayed in this site are the property of Carrom Boards Australia.
Users of this site must not:
use or reproduce any of the Trade Marks that appear in this site.
use the material in this site for any purpose other than as a source of information about Carrom Boards Australia, its products and services.
distribute, modify, copy or otherwise reproduce in any way any of the material in this site without the permission of Carrom Boards Australia.
All trademarks and logos are the property of their respective owners
PRIVACY POLICY
Our Privacy pledge is that all information given to us will only be used to enhance your shopping experience, resulting in a more personalised service for you. We are not involved in the selling, trading or alternative unauthorised use of personal information. We promise that we will not sell or share any of your personal details to any other external organizations. Your credit card information is the most sensitive information we collect from you, and for this reason it is not maintained online in any form. It is our promise that there is nobody more important to us than you and that we will provide you with absolute shopping privacy
This site contains information for the personal reference of Carrom Boards Australia and the products it sells and services it provides. This screen contains the terms upon which you may access the information provided by Carrom Boards Australia. By proceeding to the information provided after this screen, you agree to be bound by these terms. While Carrom Boards Australia has used all reasonable efforts to ensure that the information contained in this site is accurate and up-to-date, changes in circumstances after the date of publication may impact upon the accuracy of the information.
Carrom Boards Australia may change and update the information from time to time without notice to users.We reserve the right to change prices and offers without prior notice. All Price Discounts shown on our website are off our manufacturers/suppliers RRP Pricing. For information on our Quality & Satisfaction Guarantee or your Money Back, see our Terms & Conditions page.
By continuing to use this site, the user accepts these terms and conditions
Please feel free to browse and thanks for visiting Carrom Boards Australia Online Store. If you have any questions at all please feel free to contact us.
×
OK