https://cartmelvillageshop.co.uk/privacy-statement-terms/
We respect and protect the privacy of all visitors to our website. Please don’t hesitate to contact us if you are at all concerned about anything regarding the privacy of your details.
We do request personal information such as your name, email address, company details, etc which you can choose to provide when you subscribe to our mailing list, enter competitions, provided feedback, etc. This information helps us understand a little more about our consumers, but please be assured that we never share your details with third parties unless you give us your permission.
All data is controlled by Cartmel Village Shop, trading as Cartmel Sticky Toffee Pudding Company Ltd.
Disclaimer and Legal Notice
The following are the terms and conditions of use of this website and its services. If you do not accept these conditions, you must not use this website or services.
The content on this website is provided ‘as is’, and Cartmel Sticky Toffee Pudding Company Ltd gives no representation or warranty as to the accuracy of the content and assumes no responsibility for errors or omissions in it or the effect it has upon your computer. This site includes links to other sites on the Internet. Cartmel Sticky Toffee Pudding Company Ltd cannot vouch for the suitability or accuracy of the content of those sites and so you use them at your own risk. Any references to linked sites or to third-party companies, products or services by name does not constitute or infer its endorsement by Cartmel Sticky Toffee Pudding Company Ltd.
The information available on the site might from time to time be incomplete, out of date or inaccurate. Cartmel Sticky Toffee Pudding Company Ltd reserves the right at any time and without prior notice to make changes and corrections to the material on the site or to make parts or all of this site unavailable at any time without notice.
Cartmel Sticky Toffee Pudding Company Ltd disclaims all liability in respect of all information and its provision, and shall not be liable for any loss or damages suffered as a result of any use of the site. Although Cartmel Sticky Toffee Pudding Company Ltd aims to keep it up-to-date, it does not guarantee its accuracy. Cartmel Sticky Toffee Pudding Company Ltd does try to make this site as useful as possible, none of the material it contains is professional advice or a substitute for it, and can not be relied upon as such.
Unless specified to the contrary, the contents of this website and these pages are protected by copyright. The authors and creators of the material on the website assert their moral rights. The contents of this website (including text, design and graphics) are trademarked and copyrighted materials of Cartmel Sticky Toffee Pudding Company Ltd. All rights are reserved. They may not be used, transmitted or reproduced unless in accordance with prior written instructions issued by Cartmel Sticky Toffee Pudding Company Ltd. No use, transmission or reproduction is permitted other than the following
Permission is given for the downloading and temporary storage of pages where indicated on such pages, for the sole purpose of individual viewing on a standalone PC or monitor. Such pages may be printed, but these may not be further reproduced, copied or transmitted in any way to those other than the initial individual user. You may not reproduce any other part of the website including, but not limited to, the structure, overall style and program code.
These conditions of use are governed by English law and any dispute connected with this site is subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. Cartmel Sticky Toffee Pudding Company Ltd may change these conditions of use from time to time. You will be bound by changes even if you do not re-visit this page to re-read this notice.
Please note that these are Cartmel Sticky Toffee Pudding Company Ltd.s’ terms and conditions of use and if you do not accept these conditions, you must not use this website or services.
Follow us on Twitter
Find us on Facebook
Sticky Toffee Pudding
Sticky Ginger Pudding
Sticky Chocolate Pudding
Sticky Banana Pudding
Lemon Drizzle Sponge
Christmas Pudding
Puddings
Sauces
Gifts & Goodies
Cartmel Village Shop
Visit Cartmel
Customer Enquiries
Wholesale & Trade
Press Enquiries
Twitter
Facebook
© 2013 Cartmel Sticky Toffee Pudding Co. Ltd | Privacy statement | Trading policy
All rights reserved. All trademarks acknowledged. Registered in England No. 3959561
Registered office: Cartmel Village Shop, Parkgate House, The Square, Cartmel, Cumbria LA11 6QB