https://casadeloli.com/draft-terms-conditions/
Terms & Conditions - Casa de l'Oli Olive Oils
Skip to content
01394 448600
sales@casadeloli.com
Home
Shop
Shop Home
Catalonian Extra Virgin Olive Oils
Flavoured ‘Fresh Ingredient’ Olive Oils
Gift Ideas
Aged Spanish and New World Balsamic
Catalan Honey
Olive Pastes and Mayonnaises
About us
About Casa de l’Oli
Our Olive Grove
Our Olives and Olive Oils
Newsletters
FAQ
Contact Casa de l’Oli
Casa de l’Oli Recipe Collection
Gluten Free Olive Oil Recipes
Shows/Outlets
Outlets
Events
My Account
My Account/Register
Checkout
Menu
Terms & Conditions
We’re no fans of fine print, but sadly it’s pretty darn necessary in this day and age. For you guys, as much as us.  If there’s anything you don’t understand, just pick up the phone. We’ll be happy to explain in plain English!
In these terms and conditions, “we” “us” and “our” refers to Casa de l’Oli.  Your access to and use of all information on this website including purchase of our product/s is provided subject to the following terms and conditions.
We reserve the right to amend this Notice at any time and your use of the website following any amendments will represent your agreement to be bound by these terms and conditions as amended.  We therefore recommend that each time you access our website you read these terms and conditions.
Last updated: November 2017
General Terms and Conditions:
Purchases
When you give Casa de l’Oli your credit or debit card details you are confirming that you are either the card holder, or that you have permission from the card holder to use the card for the purpose of ordering.
We reserve the right to cancel any orders if we cannot fulfil for any reason. Naturally if your order is cancelled we will contact you immediately to explain why and refund any money you have paid us for that order.
If your order goes missing, or is damaged, between dispatch and delivery, we will send you a replacement order as soon as we can. If we are unable to dispatch replacement goods within 7 days we will offer you a full refund. For these purposes, delivery takes place when products are left at your delivery address or with someone else in accordance with your instructions.
For your own safety we reserve the right to contact your card issuer for the purposes of carrying out security checks.
Packaging and postage is an additional charge, calculated at time of purchase.
When you order from us, we require you to provide your name, address for delivery, your email address, telephone contact and credit card details.  We undertake to take due care with this information; however in providing us with such information you accept that we are not liable for its misuse due to error in transmission or virus or malware.
We take your privacy very seriously and will only pass your details on to 3rd parties when necessary to fulfil your order/s.
Order Cancellation
Where a product has been listed at the incorrect price or with incorrect descriptive information or image due to typographical error or similar oversight, we reserve the right to cancel a transaction.  Where your credit card has been charged, we will immediately refund your credit card for the total amount debited.
Product Returns
We undertake to replace any product delivered to you that is faulty or is in a damaged condition.  If you wish to return a faulty or damaged product, you must notify us via phone, email or through our “Contact Us” page where we set out our requirements relating to return of such goods.
If we are unable at the time of return to replace or exchange returned goods, we undertake to reimburse your credit card for the amount initially debited for the purchase including packaging and postage charges.
Refunds
All our products are subject to statutory refund policy
Delivery
Our normal delivery charges apply to England,Wales,and Mainland Scotland only.The following Highlands postcodes are excluded :
AB37-38 AB 41-45. AB51-86 only
FK 19-21 only
IV 1-3,5-14 only
KW 1-3,5-14
PA21-40, PA80 only
PH1-26, PA30-41, PA49-50 onlyAll the other islands throughout the UK, including the Isle of White, Channel Islands & Ireland are also excluded. For delivery to these areas please contact us via email – simone@casadeloli.com or telephone 01394 448600 where upon we can provide a custom quote.
Changes
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material we will try to provide at least 30 days’ notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.
Membership
In order to access the services provided on this website, you must become a member. You must complete registration by providing certain information as set out on our membership/registration page.
Please refer to our Privacy Policy for information relating to our collection, storage and use of the details you provide on registration.
You agree to ensure that your registration details are true and accurate at all times and you undertake to update your registration details from time to time when they change. On registration, we provide you with a password. On registration you agree to pay for our services as set out on our website.We reserve the right to terminate your membership at any time if you breach these terms and conditions.
Product Descriptions
We strive to ensure that our products are described as accurately as possible on our website, however we do not warrant that the description is accurate.  Where we become aware of any misdescription, we reserve the right to correct any error or omission.
Images have been provided for illustrative purposes only and we do not guarantee that any image will reproduce in true colour nor that any given image will reflect or portray the full design or options relating to that product.
We endeavour to ensure that our product list is current however we give no undertaking as to the availability of any product advertised on our website.  All prices are in Great British Pounds (GBP) and are exclusive of VAT.  Our price list can be accessed from our home page and we reserve the right to amend our prices at any time.
Website Use
When you visit our website, we give you a limited licence to access and use our information for personal use.
You are permitted to download a copy of the information on this website to your computer for your personal use only provided that you do not delete or change any copyright symbol, trade mark or other proprietary notice.  Your use of our content in any other way infringes our intellectual property rights.
Except as permitted under the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988, you are not permitted to copy, reproduce, republish, distribute or display any of the information on this website without our prior written permission.
The licence to access and use the information on our website does not include the right to use any data mining robots or other extraction tools.  The licence also does not permit you to metatag or mirror our website without our prior written permission. We reserve the right to serve you with notice if we become aware of your metatag or mirroring of our website.
This website may from time to time contain hyperlinks to other websites.  Such links are provided for convenience only and we take no responsibility for the content and maintenance of or privacy compliance by any linked website.  Any hyperlink on our website to another website does not imply our endorsement, support, or sponsorship of the operator of that website nor of the information and/or products which they provide.
You may link our website with our consent.  Any such linking will be entirely your responsibility and at your expense.  By linking, you must not alter any of our website’s contents including any intellectual property notices and you must not frame or reformat any of our pages, files, images, text or other materials.
Intellectual Property Rights
The copyright to all content on this website including applets, graphics, images, layouts and text belongs to us or we have a licence to use those materials.
All trade marks, brands and logos generally identified either with the symbols TM or ® which are used on this website are either owned by us or we have a licence to use them. Your access to our website does not license you to use those marks in any commercial way without our prior written permission.
Any comment, feedback, idea or suggestion (called “Comments”) which you provide to us through this website becomes our property.  If in future we use your Comments in promoting our website or in any other way, we will not be liable for any similarities which may appear from such use.  Furthermore, you agree that we are entitled to use your Comments for any commercial or non-commercial purpose without compensation to you or to any other person who has transmitted your Comments.
If you provide us with Comments, you acknowledge that you are responsible for the content of such material including its legality, originality and copyright.
Disclaimers
Whilst we have taken all due care in providing the information on our website, we do not provide any warranty either express or implied including without limitation warranties of title or implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.
To the extent permitted by law, any condition or warranty which would otherwise be implied into these terms and conditions is excluded.
We also take all due care in ensuring that our website is free of any virus, worm, Trojan horse and/or malware, however we are not responsible for any damage to your computer system which arises in connection with your use of our website or any linked website.
From time to time we may host third party content on our website such as advertisements and endorsements belonging to other traders.  Responsibility for the content of such material rests with the owners of that material and we are not responsible for any errors or omissions in such material.
Limitation of Liability
To the full extent permitted by law, our liability for breach of an implied warranty or condition is limited to the supply of the goods and/or services again or payment of the costs of having those goods and/or services supplied again.
We accept no liability for any loss whatsoever including consequential loss suffered by you arising from services and/or product/s we have supplied.
Indemnity
By accessing our website, you agree to indemnify and hold us harmless from all claims, actions, damages, costs and expenses including legal fees arising from or in connection with your use of our website.
Force Majeure
If a Force Majeure event causing delay continues for more than Fourteen (14), we may terminate this Agreement by giving at least seven (7) Notice to you.  “Force Majeure” means any act, circumstance or omission over which we could not reasonably have exercised control.
Jurisdiction
These terms and conditions are to be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and any claim made by either party against the other which in any way arises out of these terms and conditions will be heard in England and you agree to submit to the jurisdiction of those Courts.
If any provision in these terms and conditions is invalid under any law the provision will be limited, narrowed, construed or altered as necessary to render it valid but only to the extent necessary to achieve such validity.  If necessary the invalid provision will be deleted from these terms and conditions and the remaining provisions will remain in full force and effect.
Privacy
We undertake to take all due care with any information which you may provide to us when accessing our website. However we do not warrant and cannot ensure the security of any information which you may provide to us.  Information you transmit to us is entirely at your own risk although we undertake to take reasonable steps to preserve such information in a secure manner.
Our compliance with privacy legislation is set out in our separate Privacy Policy.
We do not store credit card details nor do we share customer details with any 3rd parties
These Terms and Conditions have been specifically drafted for, and provided to Casa de l’Oli by LawLive (www.lawlive.co.uk).
What our customers say:
Last inch
Oil arrived safely - and beautifully packed!
Down to one inch in last bottle , so very welcome - yum!
Andrea
24th April 2020
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Contact
Delivery
Subscribe to our mailing list
* indicates required
Email Address
*
First Name
Last Name
01394 448600
sales@casadeloli.com
CoronaVirus Update