https://cattaneobros.com/privacy-policy/
loading
Gifts and Goods
Handcrafted Gift Packs
Local Seasonings & More
Memorabilia
Apparel & Hats
Jerky Club
Since 1947
Community
Contact Us
Shipping Information
My Account
Where to Buy
The Mercantile
FAQ
Home / Privacy Policy
Protecting your privacy is important to us. We hope the following statement will help you understand how we collect, use and safeguard the personal information you provide to us on our site.
I. What kind of information do we collect from you when you visit our site?
When you visit cattaneobros.com, our stats package from Google collects some basic information about your browser. Examples are things like what type of browser and operating system are you using; how long did you stay on our site; what pages did you look at. This helps us understand how visitors browse our site, so that we can make your browsing experience better.
We also collect personal information about you when you send us a message via our site, such as your name, email, company name, etc. We need this information to communicate with you.
II. Sharing of personal information – we don’t do it.
Under no circumstances will we share any personal information that we collect with any third parties or web sites. All the information you give us is completely private and used solely for communicating with you. If you give us permission to send you marketing emails then we use your email for that purpose, but never does that email get sold or distributed to any other web site or list.
III. Newsletter opt-out.
If you have chosen to opt into our newsletter or marketing emails and decide to opt out, we have a simple unsubscribe form that will let you get off our email list.
IV. Consumer inquiries and privacy.
If you have any questions about your privacy or want to get off our marketing list, simply send us an email.
V. Protecting your information.
Any data that we store about you is kept secure and is not accessible to the public in any way.