https://caviar.bc.ca/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
www.caviar.bc.ca Privacy Policy
www.caviar.bc.ca is a website wholly owned and operated by International House of Caviar Ltd. (IHOC).
Acknowledgment/Acceptance of Terms
IHOC is committed to protecting your privacy and personal information. This Privacy Policy sets forth our privacy practices with regard to the information we collect when you or your computer interact with our website. By accessing www.caviar.bc.ca website, you acknowledge that you understand the IHOC. Privacy Policy and freely consent to the information collection and practices described in this Privacy Policy.
External Merchant/Vendor Policies
Related services and websites with links from this website, including other vendor’s websites, have their own privacy statements, separate from those of IHOC, that can be viewed by clicking on the corresponding links within each respective website. IHOC uses Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption technology to protect your personal information provided where credit card information or other sensitive information is required. SSL encrypts this information as it is transmitted over the Internet, and is then decoded by IHOC and its business partners who facilitate your transactions on www.caviar.bc.ca. We do not read your personal communications. IHOC does not give out your telephone number, credit card information, or screen names, unless we are authorized to do so or as required by law. The security and protection of customer info is very important to us and we take numerous steps to safeguard your personal info. We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with federal standards to guard non-public personal information about you. We limit access to personal and account information to those employees and agents who assist us in providing products and services to you. IHOC. also requires 3rd parties to whom we disclose nonpublic, personal information to adhere strictly to this Privacy Policy.
Information We Collect
www.caviar.bc.ca collects certain information from and about its users three ways in order to ensure a fully functional website experience: directly from Web Server logs, the user, and with cookies.
Web Server Logs
When you visit www.caviar.bc.ca, we may track information to fully administer the website and analyze its use. Information we may track include:
Your Internet protocol address (IP address)
Browser used and version
Links you click within the website
State or country from which you accessed www.caviar.bc.ca
Date and time of your visit to the website
Name of your Internet service provider (ISP)
Webpage which referred you to our website
Pages you viewed while on our website
Use of Cookies
www.caviar.bc.ca may use cookies to personalize and enhance your website user experience. A cookie is a small text file that is placed on your hard drive by a website server. Cookies cannot be used to execute or run programs or deliver viruses to your system. Cookies are uniquely assigned to each user, and can only be read by a server in the domain that issued the cookie.
One of the primary objectives of cookies is to provide convenience to save you time while on our website. For example, if you personalize a page on our website, or navigate within our website, a cookie will help the website to recall your specific information on later visits. This simplifies the process of delivering content and eases website navigation by saving your preferences and login information and by providing a personalized website experience.
On our website, you have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers (e.g. Internet Explorer, Safari, Firefox) automatically accept cookies, however, you can modify your browser settings to decline cookies if desired. If you choose to reject cookies from our website, please be aware that this may disable some of the functionality on www.caviar.bc.ca.
We use cookies on our site to use for advertising purposes. If you do not wish to have cookies placed on your computer, you may Opt? Out of this advertising by setting your website browser to decline cookies from our server as described above.
Personal Information
Visitors to www.caviar.bc.ca can register to purchase products we offer. When a user registers, we will request some personal info such as full name, address, email, telephone number, and other relevant information. If you are purchasing a product, we will request financial information, usually credit card information. Any financial information we collect is used solely to bill you for the goods you have purchased. If you use a credit card to complete your purchase, information may be forwarded to your credit card provider for verification purposes. For other types of registrations needed, www.caviar.bc.ca will ask for relevant information. Users may also be asked to disclose personal information, such as contact info, to us so that we can better provide assistance and information.
www.caviar.bc.ca will not disclose personally identifiable info we collect from you to 3rd  parties without user permission with the following exceptions:
To fulfill your requests for goods i.e. an order
To protect IHOC Ltd. from liability
Respond to a legal requirement or comply with law
In the event of a merger, acquisition, or liquidation of the company
When registering, you agree to allow us to communicate with you about special offers, exclusive deals and information relating to your order via email. You may choose to opt-out of marketing communications at any time. We respect your privacy and keep your personal information private; we will never sell, rent or share your information.
Use of Web Beacons
www.caviar.bc.ca webpages may contain electronic images, often referred to as Web beacons that allow us to count users who have visited the pages and to deliver co-branded services if applicable. IHOC may include web beacons in www.caviar.bc.capromotional e-mail messages or newsletters to determine if messages have been opened and acted upon.
Some of these Web beacons may be placed by 3rd party service providers to help determine the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns or email communications. Web beacons may be used by service providers to place a cookie on your computer. This allows a service provider to recognize your system each time you visit certain webpages or emails and compiles anonymous info about those page views, which allows us and our service providers to identify which campaigns or emails brought you to www.caviar.bc.ca IHOC prohibits Web beacons from being used to collect or access personal information.
Accessing Website Account
www.caviar.bc.ca will provide you with the means to verify that personally identifiable info in your website account is correct and current. You can review your information by contacting us via email.
Changes to Privacy Policy
IHOC has the discretion to update this privacy policy. We encourage our website users to periodically review the privacy policy to stay informed about how we protect your personal information. Your continued use of www.caviar.bc.ca constitutes your agreement to this privacy policy and any updates.
Contacting Us
If you have questions or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy, its implementation, failure to adhere to this Privacy Policy or our general practices, please contact us prior to using the website.
Wishlist 0
Continue Shopping