https://caviarlover.com/policy/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Home > Policy > Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
caviarlover.com respects your privacy and we are committed to protecting it. caviarlover.com  provides this Privacy Statement to inform you of our Privacy Policy and practices and about the way your information is collected online and how that information is used. We make this notice readily available on our home page.
What we collect:
If you inquire through our contact form or site analysis form, any information you submit will be used to answer your inquiry ONLY.
We do track IP’s and user sessions for security purposes only.
Third parties (such as AdRoll) may place cookies on your browser for targeted advertising purposes. Information collected may include IP addresses, cookie identifiers, and website activity. You may opt-out by emailing sales@bemka.com.  If you have any questions about the details of our privacy policy, please do not hesitate to contact us.
The personally identifiable information that you provide to us and information about your order may be combined with other personally identifiable information (such as demographic information and past purchase history) available from our records and other sources. We also use Pixel Tags to collect additional information regarding your browsing experience. This information will be used to make our future marketing efforts more efficient and to provide you with a more relevant and timely brand and shopping experience. This information may also be shared with our third party service providers that assist us with our marketing efforts and with other marketers whose products or services we feel may be of interest to you. If you prefer that we do not share your name and address with other marketers, please email us at sales@bemka.com
How we use this information:
All information you submit to us, will be used internally at caviarlover.com to help answer your inquiry or meet your needs.
In the case of client information, we use the contact information of existing clients to inform them of changes and offers at caviarlover.com through direct e-mail.
What we do not do:
We cannot control the practices of sites linked to and from WWW.caviarlover.com.