http://cellularabroad.com/privacy.php
WIFI HOTSPOTS
New! Buy International Mobile WiFi Hotspot
WiFi connection for PC, Tablets, Smart Phones & mobile Devices.
Rent for use in:
China
Europe
Italy
Australia
Austria
Azores
Balearic Islands
Belgium
Brazil
Bulgaria
Canary Islands
Channel Islands
Chile
Columbia
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
El Salvador
Estonia
Finland
France
French Guiana
Germany
Gibraltar
Great Britain
Greece
Guadeloupe
Guatemala
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
Indonesia
Isle of Mann
Israel
Italy
Jersey
Latvia
Lichtenstein
Lithuania
Luxemburg
Macau
Maderia
Malta
Martinique
Mayotte
Netherlands
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Norway
Panama
Peru
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Republic of Ireland
Réunion
Romania
Saint Barthélemy
Saint Martin
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
United Kingdom
Uruguay
Vietnam
SIM CARDS
Data SIM Card
Exceptionally low data rates. Works seamlessly in over 70 countries
Global SIM
Voice, data and text. Works seamlessly in 200 countries
Country Specific SIM Cards
Local number, great rates for
Australia
Canada
Caribbean
China
France
Germany
Israel
Italy
Japan
Mexico
Spain
United Kingdom
USA
CELL PHONES
Reliable Mobile Phones for your travel destinations
Rent Single Country
Buy Single-Country
Rent Global Phone
Buy Global Phone
New! Rent Phone for Europe (Unlimited Data, Calls and Texts)
DESTINATIONS
Where are you going?
Start typing and select a country from the list
Privacy Policy
Cellular Abroad understands that your
privacy is important.  We have set forth our Privacy Policy Statement so that
you may better understand the scope of the information we
gather.
What personal information is collected and
why?
The personal information we collect
is used primarily to provide our customers access to our products and services
in a timely manner and to provide our customers with information regarding our
products and services or those of our partners. If you have purchased or rented
a National Geographic Talk Abroad branded product or service, we may also
provide the National Geographic society your name, address, email address and
purchase history for the purpose of receiving promotional information from the
National Geographic Society. Cellular Abroad, Inc. maintains may also utilize
your information for similar purposes. Your personal information, in whole or in
part will never be sold or otherwise made available to other entities for the
above mentioned purposes.
If you order online or through our
website we will collect your name, the name of your company (if shipping to a
business), your complete postal address (each for shipping and billing
purposes), email address or addresses, phone number(s), as well as payment
information. We may ask for your departure and return dates and countries
visited. This information is used to ensure you receive the appropriate products
and services you require and in a timely manner. We may also contact you by
phone or email in order to provide you with updates or tips regarding our
products. We may also ask for the name and date of birth of the person who will
use our products and services. Your name, address, date of birth and departure
information may be required and forwarded to our partners to ensure proper
activation of our services.
If the products or services provided
are to be used by or shipped to another individual than yourself, the above
information relevant to that person may be gathered in order to ensure proper
delivery and service.
How do we collect personal information?
Cellular Abroad may ask for personal
information via a phone conversation(s) during the placement of an order for our
products or services. Our customers can also disclose personal information while
placing an order online for products or services. Cellular Abroad may use
Cookies to collect data about our users in order to track data and to identify
our customers and past purchases. We do not use Cookies to gather personal
information other that what our customers have provided us nor do we use
personal data for outside marketing purposes. Users may remove Cookies or
disable the Cookie feature by following the help file in your internet browser.
If your Cookies are disabled, some of the features of the Cellular Abroad
website may not function properly.  Information collected online is collected
through Secure Socket Layers (SSL), the industry standard for protecting private information sent over the
internet. This information is encrypted in order to prevent it from being
intercepted from unwanted third parties during transmission.
Your choices regarding personal
information
Cellular Abroad may email or call our
customers regarding questions about their order or to update our customer about
their order or services. You may request that we do not contact you by emailing
us at info@cellularabroad.com or by calling our toll free number. If you
receive newsletters, trip planning or promotional communications from us, you
will have the opportunity to opt out by following the instructions provided in
the email.
Reviewing or correcting your personal
information
At any time during our regular
business hours you can contact Cellular Abroad and review or correct your
personal information. If it is no longer necessary to maintain your personal
information in order to process your order or a refund to your order, you can
request that any or all of your information be deleted from our
database.
Feedback
Cellular Abroad is always striving to
improve our products and services as well as our user experience.  We welcome
comments and suggestions or questions pertaining to issues or troubleshooting
with the products or services inquired about or acquired through Cellular
Abroad. We will treat any personal information communicated to us in accordance
to our Privacy Policy. If you have questions regarding our Privacy Policy,
please email us at info@cellularabroad.com.
Safeguarding the information you share with
us
Cellular Abroad takes great care in
protecting our customers’ personal information. Personal information transmitted
through our website is done so using Secure Socket Layers. Other precautions are
taken to protect against theft, loss and unauthorized use. However, no company
can fully eliminate or protect against unauthorized access to ones personal
information. Cellular Abroad cannot therefore be held responsible for
unauthorized use or access to personal information that has been supplied to us.
Please help us to decrease the possibility of unauthorized use or access to your
personal information by changing your passwords often (if applicable), using a
combination of letters and numbers and by using a secure internet
browser.
Links
to Other Sites
Links provided on our website to
outside sources or websites are for your convenience only. We do not have any
control over the accuracy of the contents nor can we be responsible for any of
these websites policies, procedures, products, services, content or
otherwise.
Privacy Policy Updates
On occasion, our Privacy Policy is
reviewed and may be revised. All updates will be available for review online on
our Privacy Policy Statement. Continued use of our website and/or products and
services will be construed as consent to our Privacy Policy updates.
This Privacy Policy is subject to
occasional revision, and if we make any substantial changes in the way we use
your Personal Information, we will post an alert on this page. If you object to
any such changes, you must cease using our Website and our products and services
for which Personal Information is collected. Continued use of our Website and
our products and services following notice of any such changes shall indicate
your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and
conditions of such changes.
This Policy was last updated in December 2015.
As Recommended In
Read Customer Stories
Visit Our Travel Blog
Social Media
Facebook
Information
About Us
BBB Rating
Travel Blog
Study Abroad
Reviews
Yelp Reviews
Support
Data Calculator
User Guides
FAQs
Phone Unlocking
VPN Blocking in China
Country Codes
Privacy
Terms and Conditions
Recharge
Multi Country
Single Country
Amazon Recharge
Contact
Contact Us
Ordering/Shipping Info
Partners
Partner with Us
Our Preferred Payment Methods:
1-800-287-5072  |  info@cellularabroad.com
Copyrights 2002-2020  |  cellularabroad.com  |  All rights reserved.  |  All prices in US dollars  |  Terms  |  Privacy