https://cellpacksolutions.co.uk/support/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Home > Support > Privacy Policy
Table of Contents
Who we are What personal data we collect and why we collect it Who we share your data with How long we retain your data What rights you have over your data Where we send your data Your contact information Additional information
Who we are:
We are a custom battery pack manufacturer and battery supplier e-commerce website called Cell Pack Solutions Ltd.
Website: https://cellpacksolutions.co.ukEmail: info@cellpacksolutions.co.ukAddress: Cell Pack Solutions Ltd, 6 West Walpole Street, South Shields, Tyne and Wear, NE33 5BY, United KingdomTelephone: 0191 496 9999Company No: 4177772VAT No: 317 889 750
What personal data we collect and why we collect it:
Comments/Reviews:
When visitors leave comments/reviews on our website, we collect the data shown in the comments/reviews form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymised string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment/review, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment/review.
Media:
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms:
We require the following information to process an enquiry through our contact form: name, email address, telephone number and message. Any information provided within the message will be used to resolve the enquiry.
Cookies:
If you leave a comment/review on our website you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment/review. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this website, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites:
Articles on this website may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics:
We use Google Analytics to help record data of our website’s performance. All recorded data is kept by Google and is only accessible by us only. This data will never be passed onto other companies or personnel. To opt-out of Google Analytics, please use their Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on and Google’s privacy policy is available here: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en.
Who we share your data with:
Cell Pack Solutions will share your order data (name and delivery address) with reputable couriers to fulfil the requested service.
To make payment for your order placed on our website, we will transfer you to PayPal‘s website. This payment gateway require us to send your order data to them to process your payment.
To maintain our reputation, we allow an open review service of its operations through Trustpilot. This allows you to feel confident when using our service. To provide this information, we allow Trustpilot access to your email address so they can contact you for an honest review. It is down to your discretion whether you wish to take action.
If you opt-in to our mailing list, we will share your name and email address with Mailchimp. You have the option to unsubscribe from our mailing list via all newsletters. If you have not opened 5 consecutive newsletters, you will be automatically removed from our mailing list and any information Mailchimp holds, will be permanently deleted.
How long we retain your data:
If you leave a comment/review on our website, the comment/review and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognise and approve any follow-up comments/reviews automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
If you leave us a message via our Contact Form or Design Your Own Form, we will keep your message until it has been resolved.
If you have an account with credit terms and have placed an order with us, we will keep your data for 7 years to comply with HM Revenue & Customs (HMRC).
What rights you have over your data:
If you have an account on our website, or have left comments/reviews, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you from our website.
This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data:
We do not transfer your website data outside the European Union and all data is safeguarded to European data protection standards.
Your contact information:
If you have privacy-specific concerns, please contact our Data Protection Officer:
Name: Jonathan WoonEmail: jonathan@cellpacksolutions.co.ukAddress: Cell Pack Solutions, 6 West Walpole Street, South Shields, Tyne and Wear, NE33 5BY, United KingdomTelephone: 0191 496 9985
Additional information:
How we protect your data:
If you provide us with personal data on our website, it is encrypted using a secure connection to prevent your data from being intercepted by a third party. To check whether you have a secure connection to our website, the first part of the URL in your browser’s address bar should say “https://” and your browser may also display a locked padlock symbol.
We accept card payments via PayPal and are compliant with Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS). PCI DSS is a mandatory requirement for any business taking card payments.
If you have an account on our website, your password is encrypted via hashing algorithm.
We have internal Information Technology (IT) policies which sets out both our data security approach and training for employees.
What data breach procedures we have in place:
In event of a suspected data breach, we will alert our Data Protection Officer immediately. The officer will carry out an investigation of the suspected security breach. If the security breach has been confirmed, the officer will alert management and begin informing all relevant parties that may have been affected by the breach.
What third parties we receive data from:
We do not receive data from third parties.