https://championtails.com/horse-hair/champion-tails-privacy-policy/
Home/Horse Hair/Champion Tails Privacy Policy
Introduction
Champion Tails regards customer privacy as an important part of our relationship with our customers. The following privacy policy applies to all Champion Tails users and conforms to Internet privacy standards. If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement you should first contact Champion Tails at (08) 81860556.
Collection of Information
In order to use the Champion Tails website we may require information from you in order to provide the best service possible . All correspondence may also be collected and sorted, particularly in regard to sales, support and accounts, including Email. Any information collected by Champion Tails is collected via correspondence from you or your company. This may be via the telephone, Email, fax or directly through our website.
Use of Collected Information
Any details collected from Champion Tails customers are required in order to provide you with our products and/or services, a high level of customer service. Correspondence is recorded in order to provide services references and to assist in our staff development.
Storage of Collected Information
The security of your personal information is important to us. When you enter sensitive information (such as credit card numbers) on our website, we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). When Credit Card details are collected, we simply pass them on in order to be processed as required. We never permanently store complete Credit Card details. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. If you have any questions about security on our Website, you can email us at enquiries@championtails.com
Access to Collected Information
If your personally identifiable information changes, or if you no longer desire our service, you may correct, update, delete or deactivate it by emailing us at enquiries@championtails.com
Orders
If you purchase a product or service from us, we may request certain personally identifiable information from you. You may be required to provide contact information, (such as name, Email and postal address) and financial information (such as credit card number, expiration date). We use this information for billing purposes and to fill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we will use this information to contact you.
Communications
Champion Tails uses personally identifiable information for essential communications, such as Emails, accounts information and critical service details. We may also use this information for other purposes, including some promotional Emails. If at any time a customer wishes not to receive such correspondence, they can request to be removed from any mailing lists by emailing us at enquiries@championtails.com. You will be notified when your personal information is collected by any third party that is not our agent/service provider, so you can make an informed choice as to whether or not to share your information with that party.
Third Parties
Champion Tails may at its discretion use other third parties to provide essential services on our site or for our business processes. We may share your details as necessary for the third party to provide that service. These third parties are prohibited from using your personally identifiable information for any other purpose. Champion Tails does not share any information with third parties for any unkown or unrelated uses.
Legal
We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court or legal process served on our Website.
Links
Links on the Champion  Tails site to external entities are not covered within this policy. The terms and conditions set out in this privacy statement only cover the domain name of www.championtails.com
Changes to Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement on the homepage and other places we deem appropriate, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances, if any we disclose it. We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here by Email, or by means of a notice on our homepage.