http://chandelierparts.com/pages/privacy
Home
About Us
Terms & Conditions
Our Customers
Chandelier U
We Buy
Contact Us
Log In & Register
Fergus Falls, Minnesota
(218) 737-0134
View cart
Your cart
0 Items
Home
Swarovski
Leaded Crystal
Fancy Crystal Prisms
Leaded Teardrops
Leaded Pendalogues
Leaded Balls
Leaded Chains & Drops
Leaded Beads & Octagons
Specialty Crystal
Crystal Spears
Crystal Bobeches
Arms & Scrolls
Spikes
Bowls, Breaks & Columns
Rock Crystal
Tronchis & Triedres
Candle Covers, Shades & Canopies
Kaarskoker Candle Covers
Beeswax & Other Candle Covers
Shades
Torchiere Shades
Canopies & Loops
Pins, Chains & Other
Chandeliers
Bulbs, Converters & Sockets
Cleaning & Care
Chains & Covers
Prism Clips & Wire Hangers
Info/Help
Arms, Ferrules & Plaster of Paris
Methods of Making/Finishing Chandelier Prisms
Speaking the "crystal" language
Hanging crystal prisms (sun catchers) with dental floss
Replacement parts for your chandelier!
New platform, New possibilities
Millimeter Conversion Chart
Measuring a Chandelier Arm
Cleaning a Chandelier
Chandelier Size
Parts of a Chandelier
Finding the Right Size Replacement Part
Dressing A Chandelier
Picking a Chandelier
Specials
Privacy
Home
Swarovski
Leaded Crystal
- Fancy Crystal Prisms
- Leaded Teardrops
- Leaded Pendalogues
- Leaded Balls
- Leaded Chains & Drops
- Leaded Beads & Octagons
Specialty Crystal
- Crystal Spears
- Crystal Bobeches
- Arms & Scrolls
- Spikes
- Bowls, Breaks & Columns
- Rock Crystal
- Tronchis & Triedres
Candle Covers, Shades & Canopies
- Kaarskoker Candle Covers
- Beeswax & Other Candle Covers
- Shades
- Torchiere Shades
- Canopies & Loops
Pins, Chains & Other
- Chandeliers
- Bulbs, Converters & Sockets
- Cleaning & Care
- Chains & Covers
- Prism Clips & Wire Hangers
Info/Help
Specials
Your cart (0)
Login
Create account
Home
›
Privacy
Privacy
Protecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to http://www.chandelierparts.com and Breen Companies Inc. and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to Breen Companies Inc. include http://www.chandelierparts.com, Breen Companies, ChandelierParts.com, http://www.chandelierparts.com and http://www.kieferauctionsupply.com. The Breen Companies website is a ecommerce site. By using the Breen Companies website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
In order to better provide you with products and services offered on our Site, Breen Companies may collect personally identifiable information, such as your:
-
First and Last Name
-
Mailing Address
-
E-mail Address
-
Phone Number
If you purchase Breen Companies's products and services, we collect billing and credit card information. This information is used to complete the purchase transaction.
We do not collect any personal information about you unless you voluntarily provide it to us. However, you may be required to provide certain personal information to us when you elect to use certain products or services available on the Site. These may include: (a) registering for an account on our Site; (b) entering a sweepstakes or contest sponsored by us or one of our partners; (c) signing up for special offers from selected third parties; (d) sending us an email message; (e) submitting your credit card or other payment information when ordering and purchasing products and services on our Site. To wit, we will use your information for, but not limited to, communicating with you in relation to services and/or products you have requested from us. We also may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future.
Use of your Personal Information
Breen Companies collects and uses your personal information to operate its website(s) and deliver the services you have requested.
Breen Companies may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Breen Companies and its affiliates.
Sharing Information with Third Parties
Breen Companies does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
Breen Companies may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Breen Companies, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Breen Companies may disclose your personal information, without notice, if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Breen Companies or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Breen Companies; and/or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Breen Companies, or the public.
Tracking User Behavior
Breen Companies may keep track of the websites and pages our users visit within Breen Companies, in order to determine what Breen Companies services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Breen Companies to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Automatically Collected Information
Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by Breen Companies. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Breen Companies website.
Use of Cookies
The Breen Companies website may use "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Breen Companies pages, or register with Breen Companies site or services, a cookie helps Breen Companies to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Breen Companies website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Breen Companies features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Breen Companies services or websites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
Breen Companies secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. Breen Companies uses the following methods for this purpose:
-
SSL Protocol
When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol.
We strive to take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or alteration of your personal information. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, you acknowledge that: (a) there are security and privacy limitations inherent to the Internet which are beyond our control; and (b) security, integrity, and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and us through this Site cannot be guaranteed.
Right to Deletion
Subject to certain exceptions set out below, on receipt of a verifiable request from you, we will:
•
Delete your personal information from our records; and
•
Direct any service providers to delete your personal information from their records.
Please note that we may not be able to comply with requests to delete your personal information if it is necessary to:
•
Complete the transaction for which the personal information was collected, fulfill the terms of a written warranty or product recall conducted in accordance with federal law, provide a good or service requested by you, or reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform a contract between you and us;
•
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity; or prosecute those responsible for that activity;
•
Debug to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality;
•
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise his or her right of free speech, or exercise another right provided for by law;
•
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act;
•
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when our deletion of the information is likely to render impossible or seriously impair the achievement of such research, provided we have obtained your informed consent;
•
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with your expectations based on your relationship with us;
•
Comply with an existing legal obligation; or
•
Otherwise use your personal information, internally, in a lawful manner that is compatible with the context in which you provided the information.
Children Under Thirteen
Breen Companies does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.
E-mail Communications
From time to time, Breen Companies may contact you via email for the purpose of providing announcements, promotional offers, alerts, confirmations, surveys, and/or other general communication.
If you would like to stop receiving marketing or promotional communications via email from Breen Companies, you may opt out of such communications by customerservice@chandelierparts.com.
External Data Storage Sites
We may store your data on servers provided by third party hosting vendors with whom we have contracted.
Changes to this Statement
Breen Companies reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account, by placing a prominent notice on our site, and/or by updating any privacy information on this page. Your continued use of the Site and/or Services available through this Site after such modifications will constitute your: (a) acknowledgment of the modified Privacy Policy; and (b) agreement to abide and be bound by that Policy.
Contact Information
Breen Companies welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Breen Companies has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Breen Companies at:
Breen Companies Inc.
417 W Stanton Ave
Fergus Falls, Minnesota 56537
Email Address:
customerservice@chandelierparts.com
Telephone number:
218-737-0134
Effective as of August 31, 2020
Ask A Question
×
Ask A Question
Your Name:
Email:
Phone Number:
Subject:
Message: