https://chessplayer.com/about-us/privacy-policy/
Serving Seattle, Redmond and the Surrounding Areas
We are serious about your child's improvement.
Log inMy Account
Welcome to Orlov Chess Academy! Create a new account by registering your student. You will receive an email containing your Username and Password after placing your first order.
Tournaments
Green Lake
Redmond
Private Lessons
Camps
After-School Clubs
Home
Calendar
Books
Puzzle Books
About Us
How to Choose Classes
Champions
Coaches
Georgi and Elena
Curriculum
Apply to Teach
Our Mission
Refund Policy
Privacy Policy
Create Account
Login FAQ
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Who we are
Our website is www.chessplayer.com and we offer chess lessons and activities to students in the Greater Seattle area.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Cookies
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also use cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices to maintain your browser session. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
Payment Processing
We do not store credit card information; all billing is handled by a third-party PCI-compliant payment processor (authorize.net). Our payment processor and our own website are periodically audited for PCI DSS (Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard) compliance.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. maps, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
We keep a log of basic visitor information (browser characteristics, IP address, etc.) and use third-party tracking to help us understand how our website is used.
Who we share your data with
If you register on our website, or sign up for our newsletters, we may use your name and email address for general announcements of chess activities. We share this basic data so we can write and send e-mails using a newsletter company (www.ConstantContact.com).
How long we retain your data
For users that register on our website, we store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their own personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
For users that register online for our chess events, we store your registration information to schedule and run the event along with your contact information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.Event Bookings
Your shopping cart is empty.
To double-check, click My Account
Coronavirus
All classes are conducted by Zoom video conferencing for your health and social distancing. Chess games are played on ChessKid.com.
Orlov Chess Academy
To enroll siblings, please register your each child one by one, finishing checkout and payment for each. During checkout, use coupon code SIBLINGS for a 10% discount. This discount is only available for two siblings at the same event.
Chess players naturally learn social and life skills through chess. Orlov Chess Academy students respect other players, form friendships, work well under stress, celebrate their victories appropriately and take defeat with grace. Even the youngest children benefit from the curriculum designed for their needs.
You create an account by placing an order. After your first order, you'll receive an email with your username and password. This helps you track and manage your purchases. After every order, you will get a confirmation email.
Newsletter Sign-UpEmails you can trust.
Copyright © Orlov Chess Academy. All Rights Reserved.