https://chg.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
This is the Privacy Policy of C.H. Guenther & Son and its operating groups, U.S. subsidiaries, divisions, and affiliates (collectively, “ C.H. Guenther & Son,” “we” or “us”). This policy applies to applicants, current and former employees, consultants, and customers. It does not form part of any contract of employment or other contract to provide services. We may update this policy at any time.
It is important that you understand this policy, together with any other privacy notices we may provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing personal information. Any questions concerning this privacy policy or how we handle personal information can be sent by email to
Thomas McRae at tmcrae@chg.com or by mail to C.H. Guenther & Son, 2201 Broadway Street, San Antonio, Texas
78215.
Data protection principles
We will comply with applicable data protection law. This says that the personal information we hold must be: (i) used lawfully; (ii) collected only for valid purposes that we have clearly explained as required under the CCPA and not used in any way that is incompatible with those purposes; (iii) relevant to the purposes we have disclosed and limited only to those purposes; (iv) accurate and kept up to date; (v) kept only as long as necessary for the purposes we have disclosed; and (vi) kept securely.
What information do we collect? How do we use it?
When you request information about a product or service or register with one of our sites, we may need to know specific information about you. This enables us to process your registration or requests and reply to your needs promptly.
Our site’s forms may require users to give us contact information (such as name, email address and mailing address) and demographic information (such as zip code, age, or position). We may use the contact information from these registration and survey forms to send you information about our organization. Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site. We use this data to tailor your experience at our sites and distribute content that we think you might be interested in.
When you order products or services from the C.H. Guenther & Son Web site, we need to know your name, email address, mailing address, credit card number and its expiration date. This allows us to process and fulfill your order and to notify you of your order status. To learn more about our encryption policies, please review the section
”How does C.H. Guenther & Son. protect customer information?“
We monitor customer traffic patterns and site usage to help us develop the design and layout of C.H. Guenther & Son. Web sites (listed above). We may also use the information we collect to occasionally notify you about important changes to the Web site, new services offered by C.H. Guenther & Son, and special offers and information we think you will find valuable.
For California Residents, please review the notice of the Collection of Personal Information by C.H. Guenther & Son and its U.S. Subsidiaries that can be found at the following link on the Company’s website.
https://chg.com/ccpa-compliance/. We will only use your personal information for the purposes we have disclosed in this notice.
For California Residents who apply for employment with C.H. Guenther & Son and its U.S. Subsidiaries, please review the Privacy Notice to California Job Applicants Regarding the Collection of Personal Information that can be found at the following link on the Company’s website. https://chg.com/ccpa-job-applicant-privacy-notice/
For California Residents who are employed by C.H. Guenther & Son and its U.S. Subsidiaries, please review the Privacy Notice to California Employees Regarding the Collection of Personal Information that can be found at the following link on the Company’s website. https://chg.com/ccpa-employees/
How does C.H. Guenther & Son protect customer information?
While no data security system can fully protect personal information from unauthorized data breaches, C.H. Guenther & Son has implemented reasonable safeguards and controls, consistent with its legal obligations. We are committed to: (i) seeking to safeguard all personal information to us; (ii) seeking to ensure that it remains confidential and secure; and (iii) taking all reasonable steps to ensure that personal privacy is respected.
When you place orders or access your account information, we use a secure server. This secure server software, SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) encrypts all information you input before it is sent to us. Furthermore, all of the customer transactional data we collect is protected against unauthorized access with the use of digital certificates. Digital certificates for C.H. Guenther & Son are issued by VeriSign, one of the most established signers of digital certificates. To learn more about our online security, simply click on the “Security” icon in your browser toolbar.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected data security breach and will notify those subject to the breach and any applicable regulator of a suspected breach where we are legally required to do so.
What about “cookies”?
“Cookies” are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive. Our cookies do not contain any personally identifying information. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually change your browser to prevent that. Even without accepting cookies, you can still use most of the features throughout C.H. Guenther & Son’s Web sites.
Our site may use cookies to keep track of your shopping cart and to make sure you don’t see the same advertisement or content repeatedly. We use cookies to deliver information specific to your interests and to save your password so you don’t have to re-enter it each time you visit our site.
Will C.H. Guenther & Son disclose the information it collects to outside parties?
C.H. Guenther & Son does not sell, trade or rent your personal information to others. We may choose to do so in the future with trustworthy third parties, but you can request that we do not by emailing us at privacy@chg.com. (If you use more than one email address, send this message from each e-mail account you use.) Also, C.H. Guenther & Son may provide aggregate statistics about our customers, sales, traffic patterns and related site information to reputable third-party vendors, but these statistics will include no personally identifying information.
This site allows the following options for removing your information from our database. If you do so, you will not receive future communications from us. 1. You can send email to privacy@chg.com. 2. You can send mail to the following postal address: C.H. Guenther & Son 2201 Broadway Street, San Antonio, Texas 78215.
Correct/Update
This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided.1. You can send email to privacy@chg.com.2. You can send mail to the following postal address: C.H. Guenther & Son 2201 Broadway Street, San Antonio, Texas 78215
Your Consent
By using our Web site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by C.H. Guenther & Son or any successor entity. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
Data Retention
We will only retain personal information for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements. To determine the appropriate retention period for personal information, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal information, the purposes for which we process personal information and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
In some circumstances we may anonymize personal information so that it can no longer be associated with an individual, in which case we may use such information without further notice.
Tell us what you think.
C.H. Guenther & Son welcomes your questions and comments about privacy. Please send email to privacy@chg.com.
Contacting the Web Site.
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this Web site, or your dealings with this site, you can contact: C.H. Guenther & Son, 2201 Broadway Street, San Antonio, Texas 78215 or email privacy@chg.com
Close
Font Resize
A-
A+
Clear cookies
Close