https://chiefrivernursery.com/privacy-policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
You may visit our website anonymously
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order or request a catalog.
When ordering, registering on our site, or requesting a catalog, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information collected from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience (your information allows us to better respond to your individual needs)
To improve our website (we continually strive to improve our website based on your feedback and information)
To improve customer service (your information helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
To send periodic emails (including order confirmations, order statuses, shipping alerts as well as informational and occasional promotional emails.) All informational and promotional emails include a one click unsubscribe link for easy removal from future informational and promotional emails. Unsubscribing from informational and promotional emails will not discontinue requested correspondence such as order confirmations and shipping alerts.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and encrypted into our payment gateway provider's database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
Do we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. We use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart and understand and save your preferences for future visits.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
If you have provided a mailing address, we may send other offers, catalogs and promotions to you periodically. Unless you have specifically advised us not to share your information, you may receive occasional offers from our trusted partners. We take your privacy very seriously and your information is strictly guarded. Your email address will never be distributed under any circumstance. To opt out of any partner offers, please contact us by one of the methods listed below.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), and we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our website privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. This policy was last modified on 8/31/18
Contacting Us
For questions regarding this privacy policy you, may contact us using the information below:
Online at https://www.chiefrivernursery.com/contact/
By mail at Chief River Nursery, 976 Ulao Road, Grafton, WI 53024 USA
By Email at info@chiefrivernursery.com