https://chimesofyourlife.com/privacy-notice/
Home
More Info
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
We Do Not Sell Or Rent Customer Data, Customer Recipient Data Or Site Visitor Data!
How we collect information about you When you visit the Chimesofyourlife.com website, we collect your IP address and standard web log information, such as your browser type and the pages you accessed on our website.
If you open an account, make a purchase, and email us, we may collect the following types of information from you * Contact information - your name, address, phone, email, and other similar information. * Financial information - credit card numbers that you link to your Chimesofyourlife.com account when you are using our service, we collect information about your account transactions and we may collect information about your computer or other access device. For example, we may collect information related to your contact with our customer support team or store results when you respond to a survey.
How we use cookies When you access our website, we track how our website is used, may place small data files called "cookies" on your computer. We send a "session cookie" to your computer when you log in to your account. This type of cookie helps us to recognize you. Once you log out or close your browser, this cookie expires and no longer has any effect. We also use longer-lasting cookies for other purposes such as to display your e-mail address on our sign-in form, so that you don't need to retype the e-mail address each time you log in to your account. We encode our cookies so that only we can interpret the information stored in them. You are free to decline our cookies if your browser permits, but doing so may interfere with your use of our website. We may also collect information about your computer or other access device to mitigate risk and for fraud prevention purposes.
How we protect and store personal information Throughout this policy, we use the term "personal information" to describe information that can be associated with a specific person and can be used to identify that person. We do not consider personal information to include information that has been anonymized so that it does not identify a specific user. We store and process your personal information on our computers in the US, and we protect it by maintaining physical, electronic and procedural safeguards in compliance with applicable US federal and state regulations. We use computer safeguards such as firewalls and data encryption, we enforce physical access controls to our buildings and files, and we authorize access to personal information only for those employees who require it to fulfill their job responsibilities.
How we use the personal information we collect Our primary purpose in collecting personal information is to provide you with a secure, smooth, efficient, and customized experience. We may use your personal information to: * provide the services and customer support you request. * process transactions and send notices about your transactions. * resolve disputes, collect fees, and troubleshoot problems. * prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities, and enforce our Terms Of Use Agreement. * customize, measure, and improve our services and the content and layout of our website. * send you targeted marketing, service update notices, and promotional offers based on your communication preferences. * compare information for accuracy and verify it with third parties.
Questions About Your Account If you have any questions about your account or how we use the data we collect and maintain in the course of providing our services, please contact us at: 435-487-9233.
Privacy Policy Changes Any changes to this Policy will be posted here, so please check this page regularly and make sure to check the effective date of the policy above. If you have any questions or concerns about the changes, please contact us at: 435-487-9233.
×
×
Get *FREE Shipping & *20% Off Promo Codes!
Promo Codes Will Be Instantly Emailed To You!
Email Address
No thanks