https://chimesofyourlife.com/terms-and-conditions/
Home
More Info
Terms And Conditions
Terms And Conditions
Terms and Conditions
By checking the "By placing an order, you agree with our Terms & Conditions" box at checkout, means you agree that the inscription, spelling and punctuation is correct for submitted inscriptions on all personalized products. You also understand that you cannot make any design changes once this order has been placed without incurring additional charge(s).
Welcome to chimesofyourlife.com.
Chimesofyourlife.com provide website features to you subject to the following conditions. If you visit or shop at chimesofyourlife.com, you accept these conditions.
Privacy Please review our privacy notice, which also governs your visit to chimesofyourlife.com, to understand our practices.
Electronic communications When you visit chimesofyourlife.com or send e-mails to us, you are communicating with us electronically.
You consent to receive communications from us electronically. We will communicate with you by e-mail or by posting notices on this site. You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.
Copyright All content included on this site, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads, data compilations, and software, is the property of chimesofyourlife.com or its content suppliers and protected by united states and international copyright laws. The compilation of all content on this site is the exclusive property of chimesofyourlife.com and protected by u.s. And international copyright laws. All software used on this site is the property of chimesofyourlife.com or its software suppliers and protected by united states and international copyright laws.
Trademarks Chimesofyourlife.com name, graphics, logos, page headers, button icons, scripts, and service names are trademarks, registered trademarks or trade dress of chimesofyourlife.com in the u.s. And/or other countries. Chimesofyourlife.com's trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not chimesofyourlife.com's, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or in any manner that disparages or discredits chimesofyourlife.com.
Patents One or more patents owned by chimesofyourlife.com apply to this site and to the features and services accessible via the site. Portions of this site operate under license of one or more patents.
License and site access Chimesofyourlife.com grants you a limited license to access and make personal use of this site and not to download (other than page caching) or modify it, or any portion of it, except with express written consent of chimesofyourlife.com. This license does not include any resale or commercial use of this site or its contents; any collection and use of any product listings, descriptions, or prices; any derivative use of this site or its contents; any downloading or copying of account information for the benefit of another merchant; or any use of data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools. This site or any portion of this site may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without express written consent of chimesofyourlife.com. You may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) of chimesofyourlife.com without express written consent. You may not use any meta tags or any other "hidden text" utilizing chimesofyourlife.com's name or trademarks without the express written consent of chimesofyourlife.com. Any unauthorized use terminates the permission or license granted by chimesofyourlife.com. You are granted a limited, revocable, and nonexclusive right to create a hyperlink to the home page of chimesofyourlife.com so long as the link does not portray chimesofyourlife.com, or its products or services in a false, misleading, derogatory, or otherwise offensive matter. You may not use any chimesofyourlife.com logo or other proprietary graphic or trademark as part of the link without express written permission.
Your account If you use this site, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password. Chimesofyourlife.com does sell products for children, but it sells them to adults, who can purchase with a credit card or other permitted payment method. If you are under
18, you may use chimesofyourlife.com only with involvement of a parent or guardian. Chimesofyourlife.com reserves the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, remove or edit content, or cancel orders in their sole discretion.
Reviews, comments, communications, and other content Visitors may post reviews, comments, photos, and other content and communications; and submit suggestions, ideas, comments, questions, or other information, so long as the content is not illegal, obscene, threatening, defamatory, invasive of privacy, infringing of intellectual property rights, or otherwise injurious to third parties or objectionable and does not consist of or contain software viruses, political campaigning, commercial solicitation, chain letters, mass mailings, or any form of "spam." you may not use a false e-mail address, impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise mislead as to the origin of a card or other content. Chimesofyourlife.com reserves the right (but not the obligation) to remove or edit such content, but does not regularly review posted content. If you do post content or submit material, and unless we indicate otherwise, you grant chimesofyourlife.com a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, and fully sublicensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, and display such content throughout the world in any media. You grant chimesofyourlife.com and sublicensees the right to use the name that you submit in connection with such content, if they choose. You represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to the content that you post; that the content is accurate; that use of the content you supply does not violate this policy and will not cause injury to any person or entity; and that you will indemnify chimesofyourlife.com for all claims resulting from content you supply. Chimesofyourlife.com has the right but not the obligation to monitor and edit or remove any activity or content. Chimesofyourlife.com takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any content posted by you or any third party.
Copyright complaints Chimesofyourlife.com respects the intellectual property of others. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please follow our notice and procedure for making claims of copyright infringement.
Risk of loss All items purchased from chimesofyourlife.com are made pursuant to a shipment contract. This means that the risk of loss and title for such items pass to you upon our delivery to the carrier.
Product descriptions Chimesofyourlife.com attempts to be as accurate as possible. However, chimesofyourlife.com does not warrant that product descriptions or other content of this site is accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free. If a product offered by chimesofyourlife.com itself is not as described, your sole remedy is to return it in unused condition.
Pricing Except where noted otherwise, the list price displayed for products on our website represents the full retail price listed on the product itself, suggested by the manufacturer or supplier, or estimated in accordance with standard industry practice; or the estimated retail value for a comparably featured item offered elsewhere. The list price is a comparative price estimate and may or may not represent the prevailing price in every area on any particular day. For certain items that are offered as a set, the list price may represent "open-stock" prices, which means the aggregate of the manufacturer's estimated or retail price for each of the items included in the set. Where an item is offered for sale by one of our merchants, the list price may be provided by the merchant. With respect to items sold by Chimesofyourlife.com, we cannot confirm the price of an item until you order; however, we do not charge your credit card until after your order has entered the shipping process. Despite our best efforts, a small number of the items in our catalog may be mis-priced. If an item's correct price is higher than our stated price, we will, at our discretion, either contact you for instructions before shipping or cancel your order and notify you of such cancellation. Please note that this policy applies only to products sold and shipped by chimesofyourlife.com. Your purchases from third-party sellers are charged at the time you place your order, and third-party sellers may follow different policies in the event of a mispriced item.
Additional Charges For Product & Services RenderedChimesofyourlife.com reserves the right to charge customers payment option, for any additional product(s) and or service(s) requested and rendered, but not originally charged and or paid for.Example: Customer chooses a different inscription by placing text inside the "Side 2 Inscription (If Different Than Side 1)", but does not choose the correct pricing option for that service from the drop down menu.
Disclaimer of warranties and limitation of liability This site and all information, content, materials, products (including software) and services included on or otherwise made available to you through this site are provided by chimesofyourlife.com on an "as is" and "as available" basis, unless otherwise specified in writing. Chimesofyourlife.com makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of this site or the information, content, materials, products (including software) or services included on or otherwise made available to you through this site, unless otherwise specified in writing. You expressly agree that your use of this site is at your sole risk. To the full extent permissible by applicable law, chimesofyourlife.com disclaim all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. Chimesofyourlife.com does not warrant that this site; information, content, materials, products (including software) or services included on or otherwise made available to you through this site; their servers; or e-mail sent from chimesofyourlife.com are free of viruses or other harmful components. Chimesofyourlife.com will not be liable for any damages of any kind arising from the use of this site or from any information, content, materials, products (including software) or services included on or otherwise made available to you through this site, including, but not limited to direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, and consequential damages, unless otherwise specified in writing.certain state laws do not allow limitations on implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain damages. If these laws apply to you, some or all of the above disclaimers, exclusions, or limitations may not apply to you,
And you might have additional rights.
Applicable law By visiting chimesofyourlife.com, you agree that the laws of the state of utah, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern these conditions of use and any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and chimesofyourlife.com.
Disputes Any dispute relating in any way to your visit to chimesofyourlife.com or to products or services sold or distributed by chimesofyourlife.com or through chimesofyourlife.com shall be adjudicated in state or federal court in Kane County, Utah, and you consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in such courts.   Site policies, modification, and severability Please review our other policies, such as our pricing policy, posted on this site. These policies also govern your visit to chimesofyourlife.com. We reserve the right to make changes to our site, policies, and these conditions of use at any time. If any of these conditions shall be deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that condition shall be deemed severable and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining condition.
Our address Chimesofyourlife.com
P.O. Box 538 Kanab, Utah 84741
http://www.chimesofyourlife.com
Notice and procedure for making claims of copyright infringement If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide chimesofyourlife.com's copyright agent the written information specified below. * an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest; * a description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed upon; * a description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the site. * your address, telephone number, and e-mail address; * a statement by you that you have a good-faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the
Copyright owner, its agent, or the law;
* a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.
Chimesofyourlife.com's copyright agent for notice of claims of copyright infringement on its site can be reached as follows:
Chimesofyourlife.com
P.O. Box 538 http://www.chimesofyourlife.com Phone: (435) 487-9233
E-mail: customercare@chimesofyourlife.com
×
×
Get *FREE Shipping & *20% Off Promo Codes!
Promo Codes Will Be Instantly Emailed To You!
Email Address
No thanks