https://choosethesexofyourbaby.com/privacy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicyCandace2019-05-14T11:32:29-07:00
PRIVACY POLICY
Last updated: June 15th 2018
Your privacy is very important to us. We want to make your experience on our website as safe, secure and enjoyable as possible.
We want you to use this website and its vast array of information and tools with complete trust and confidence.
We have created this privacy policy to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy and security.
NOTE: This website incorporates the use of cookies. You may visit our ‘Cookie Policy’ page HERE
INTRODUCTION
This privacy policy (“Policy”) describes how the Birth Planning Center (“Company”, “us”, “we” and “our”) processes, collects, uses and shares personal data when using this website [https://choosethesexofyourbaby.com] (the “Site”).
This Policy describes how we collect information from:
ALL end users of our Site, the information it contains and the services we provide (the “Services”).
Those who access some of our Services but do not have accounts (“Visitors”).
Byers who purchase our products (“Products”) and those who pay a membership fee (“Members”) to subscribe to the Services we provide.
Those who subscribe (“Subscribers”) to receive our free ‘Gender Selection Newsletter’.
Those who participate (“Participants”) in our surveys, quizzes, contests and/or giveaways.
Members who provide us with their audio, video or written testimonial as a result of using our Products and/or Services.
This Policy describes what we do with the information we collect, and the choices Visitors, Subscribers, Participants, Byers, and Members have concerning the collection and use of such information.
Please read the following information carefully to understand our practices regarding your personal data and how we will use, process and protect this data.
We may update this Privacy Policy at any time, by posting the amended version on this site including the effective date of the updated version.
If you have any question or concern, please feel free to contact us by sending us an email at: info@choosethesexofyourbaby.com OR info@birthplanningcenter.com
PURPOSES OF PROCESSING
What is personal data?
We collect information about you in a range of forms, including personal data. As used in this Policy, “personal data” is as defined in the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), this includes any information which, either alone or in combination with other information we process about you, identifies you as an individual, including, for example, your name, postal address, email address and telephone number.
Why do we need your personal data?
We will only process your personal data in accordance with applicable data protection and privacy laws. We need certain personal data in order to provide you with access to the Site. If you subscribe to our newsletter, register to become a Member and/or purchase one of our Products, you will be asked to provide your personal data and information in order to access our Services, purchase our Products, or view our content. This consent provides us with the legal basis we require under applicable law to process your data. You maintain the right to withdraw such consent at any time. If you do not agree to our use of your personal data in line with this Policy, please do not use our Site.
Members Registration Process:
Members will be asked to provide certain personal information when they sign up for our Products or Services including full name, email address, telephone number, shipping address, billing information (such as credit/debit card number), and the type of personal computer being used to access the Services. The personal information collected from the Members during the registration process is being used to manage each Member’s account (such as for billing and shipping purposes).
Online Shopping Process:
If you decide to purchase one of our Products, you will be asked to provide certain personal information, including full name, email address, telephone number, shipping address, billing information (such as credit/debit card number). The personal information collected from the Buyers during the ordering process is being used to manage each Buyer’s account (such as for billing and shipping purposes).
Newsletter Subscription Process:
If you decide to subscribe to our free gender selection newsletter, you will be asked to provide certain personal information, including your name and email address. The personal information collected from the Subscribers during the newsletter subscription process is being used to distribute the digital content.
COLLECTING YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We collect information from you both when you provide it voluntarily and also automatically when you use our Site. We may also collect personal information from other sources, as described below.
We collect personal information from you and any devices (including mobile devices) you use when you: use our Services, purchase our Products, register for an account with us, provide us information on a web form, engage or connect with us through one of our social media pages, update or add information to your account, chat with a customer support specialist, or when you otherwise correspond with us.
In addition, we also collect personal information about you from third parties in connection with our Site, including from the following sources:
E-commerce service providers
Email, chat and other communication service providers
Customer service providers
Shopping Cart & merchant account service providers
Data analytics service providers
Web Hosting service providers
Advertising providers
Social Media platforms
We collect information about you in the following ways.
Information You Give Us:
the personal data you provide when you register as a Member to use our Site, including your name, postal address, email address, telephone number, username, password and demographic information (such as your gender and birth date);
the personal data that may be contained in any video, comment, testimonial or other submissions you upload or post to the Site;
the personal data you provide in connection with our surveys, quizzes, contests, giveaways and other promotions we run on the Site that you voluntarily participate in;
the personal data you provide when you report a problem with our Site or when we provide you with customer support;
the personal data you provide when you subscribe to our newsletter;
the personal data you provide when you engage or connect with us through one of our social media pages;
the personal data you provide when you make a purchase through our Site; and
the personal data you provide when you correspond with us by phone, email or otherwise.
Information from Social Networking Sites:
Our Site includes interfaces that allow you to connect with social networking sites (each a “SNS”). If you connect to a SNS through our Site, you authorize us to access, use and store the information that you agreed the SNS could provide to us based on your settings on that SNS. We will access, use and store that information in accordance with this Policy. You can revoke our access to the information you provide in this way at any time by amending the appropriate settings from within your account settings on the applicable SNS.
Information Automatically Collected:
We automatically log information about you and your computer or mobile device when you access our Site. For example, when visiting our Site, we log your computer or mobile device operating system name and version, manufacturer and model, browser type, browser language, screen resolution, pages you viewed, how long you spent on a page, access times, your IP address and information about your use of and actions on our Site. We collect this information about you using cookies, flash technology, and pixel tags.
Automated Decision Making and Profiling:
We do not use your personal data for the purposes of automated decision-making. However, we may do so in order to fulfill obligations imposed by law, in which case we will inform you of any such processing and provide you with an opportunity to object.
COOKIES
A cookie is a small piece of data that is sent from a web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive. Cookies are used to provide a more customized experience when you visit a website. While we make use of cookies, they are not used to store personal information.
You can control how you accept cookies using instructions in your browser. If you choose not to accept cookies, you can still browse and use our Site. For more information about cookies, please view our Cookie Policy HERE
USING YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We will only use your personal information for the purposes identified below unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose described here.
We may use your personal data as follows:
to operate, maintain, and improve our Site, Products and Services;
to manage your account, including to communicate with you regarding your account, if you have an account on our Site;
to operate and administer our surveys, contests, quizzes, giveaways and other promotions you participate in from our Site;
to respond to your comments and questions and to provide customer service;
to send information including technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
with your consent, to send you marketing emails about upcoming promotions, and other news, including information about products and services offered by us and our affiliates or partners. You may opt-out of receiving such information at any time: such marketing emails tell you how to “opt-out.” Please note, even if you opt out of receiving marketing emails, we may still send you non-marketing emails. Non-marketing emails include emails about your account with us (if you have one) and our business dealings with you;
to process payments you make via our Site;
to fulfill orders you place via our Site and to provide you with shipping and tracking information for your shipment;
as we believe necessary or appropriate (a) to comply with applicable laws; (b) to comply with lawful requests and legal process, including to respond to requests from public and government authorities; (c) to enforce our Policy; and (d) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of you or others;
for analysis and study services; and
as described in the “Sharing Your Personal Data” section below.
If you order Services or Products directly from this Site, we will use the personal information you provide only to process and fulfill that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
If you complete an order for someone else, such as an order sent directly to a recipient, you may be asked to provide information about the recipient, such as the recipient’s name, email address, shipping address and phone number. Our Company has no control, nor will accept any responsibility or liability for the third parties’ use of any personal information you provide when placing such an order. Please exercise care when doing so and make sure to have the approval/consent of the person you are placing the order for.
SHARING YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We respect your privacy. We will NOT share, sell or give away the personal data and information we collect to outside parties for any marketing purposes whatsoever.
We may share your personal data as follows:
– Third Parties Designated by You: We may share your personal data with third parties where you have provided your consent to do so.
– Our Third Party Service Providers: We may share your personal data with our third party service providers as described below.
Third Party Service Providers:
Software and service providers we use to manage and process your information (e.g., payment processing software).
Software and service providers we use to communicate with you (e.g., email marketing service providers).
Hosting providers that provide database storage for our Site and allows its functionality.
Shipping providers for purposes of shipping products you have ordered.
Software and service providers we use to track our Site’s usage, statistics, web traffic, and user behaviors.
Advertising service providers we use to assist us in providing personalized advertising.
Software and service providers we use to conduct surveys, quizzes, contests, giveaways and other promotions.
Additionally, we will share your personal information with third parties where required by law, where it is necessary in connection with our Site or where we have another legitimate interest in doing so.
In certain circumstances, we have a statutory obligation to keep your personal information for a set period of time. For example, financial information (normally 7 years) for financial auditing purposes.
THIRD PARTY SITES
Our Site may contain links to third party websites that are not operated by us. This Policy does not cover the privacy practices of such third parties. We have no control over how these websites may collect your information and no liability for the practices, policies and security measures implemented on these websites. These third parties have their own privacy policies and we do not accept any responsibility or liability for their websites, features or policies. Please read their privacy policies before you submit any data to them.
INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFER
Your information, including personal data that we collect from you, may be transferred to, stored at and processed by us outside the country in which you reside, where data protection and privacy regulations may not offer the same level of protection as in other parts of the world. By accepting this Policy, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Policy.
SECURITY / HOW WE SAFEGUARD YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We have put in place appropriate security measures to reduce the risks of loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, and alteration.
The security of your information is protected. When you enter personal or financial information on our Site, it is encrypted with secure socket layer technology (SSL).
Although we follow accepted industry standards to protect your personal information, no method of transmission or storage over the internet is 100% secure. It is up to you to be careful where you submit your personal information.
We may store your personal information following completion of transactions with you to the extent required to comply with our legal, accounting, or reporting requirements and to provide information about our Services (such as your order history) requested by you. Additionally, we may continue to store your personal information contained in our standard back-ups.
We seek to use reasonable organizational, technical and administrative measures to protect personal data within our organization. Unfortunately, no transmission or storage system can be guaranteed to be completely secure, and transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure, please immediately notify us of the problem by contacting us.
RETENTION TIME
Personal Data shall be processed and stored for as long as required by the purpose they have been collected for.
Once the retention period expires, Personal Data shall be deleted. Therefore, the right to access, the right to erasure, the right to rectification and the right to data portability cannot be enforced after the expiration of the retention period.
We will only retain your personal data as long reasonably required for you to use the Site and our Services, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (for example, for regulatory purposes).
OUR POLICY ON CHILDREN
Our Site is not directed to children or teenagers under 18. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child or teenager has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should contact us. We will delete such information from our files as soon as reasonably practicable.
YOUR RIGHTS
Your data belongs to you. Therefore, you have choices about how we use your personal information to communicate with you and send you marketing information.
You can opt-out from receiving future email communications from us at any time by:
Using the unsubscribe function in the email you receive from us;
Filling out the ‘unsubscribe’ form located HERE
In addition, depending on where you live*, you may have the following rights with respect to your data under certain circumstances.
* The rights listed below apply if you reside in the European Union (EU):
Opt-out:
You may contact us anytime to opt-out of: (i) direct marketing communications; (ii) automated decision-making and/or profiling; (iii) our collection of sensitive personal data; (iv) any new processing of your personal data that we may carry out beyond the original purpose; or (v) the transfer of your personal data outside the EU. Please note that your use of some of the Site may be ineffective upon opt-out.
Access:
You may access the information we hold about you at any time via your profile/account or by contacting us directly.
Amend:
You can also contact us to update or correct any inaccuracies in your personal data.
Move:
Your personal data is portable – i.e. you to have the flexibility to move your data to other service providers as you wish.
Erase and Forget:
In certain situations, for example, when the information we hold about you is no longer relevant or is incorrect, you can request that we erase your data.
If you wish to exercise any of these rights, please fill out and submit the appropriate request form located HERE
In your request, please make clear: (i) what personal data is concerned; and (ii) which of the above rights you would like to enforce. For your protection, we may only implement requests with respect to the personal data associated with the particular email address that you use to send us your request, and we may need to verify your identity before implementing your request. We will try to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable and in any event, within one month of your request. Please note that we may need to retain certain information for recordkeeping purposes and/or to complete any transactions that you began prior to requesting such change or deletion.
COMPLAINTS
We are committed to resolving any complaints about our collection or use of your personal data. If you would like to make a complaint regarding this Policy or our practices in relation to your personal data, please do not hesitate to contact us. We will reply to your complaint as soon as we can and in any event, within 30 days. We hope to resolve any complaint brought to our attention. However, if you feel that your complaint has not been adequately resolved, you reserve the right to contact your local data protection supervisory authority.
CONTACT INFORMATION
We welcome your comments about this Policy. If you have any questions or concerns about our use of your personal information, please do not hesitate to contact us through any of the methods listed below:
You may contact us by filling out the form located HERE
You may contact us by sending us an email to: help@birthplanningcenter.com
Address
16165 N 83rd Ave Suite 200
Peoria AZ,  85382 United States
Email
help@birthplanningcenter.com
Phone
(855) 510-BABY
(855) 510-2229