https://chryslercapital.com/legal/terms
Skip to content
Legal Disclaimer and Copyright Notice
General Disclaimer
The material on this web site (www.chryslercapital.com, the “Site”) is provided for information and convenience purposes only.  Although every effort is made to provide accurate, reliable, and current information, Santander Consumer USA, Inc.(Santander) provides no warranty, express or implied, or guarantee as to the reliability, completeness, or accuracy of the information.  The content of this web site may contain inaccuracies and typographical errors.  Santander specifically disclaims any and all liability for any damages, including without limitation, any special, indirect, incidental or consequential damages, that may arise from any use of, inability to use, or reliance on the Site and/or the materials contained on the Site whether the materials contained on the Site are provided by Santander, or a third party.
Because Santander publishes information provided by third parties such as car dealers, Santander has no control over the accuracy of such information and makes no guarantee as to such information, including as to the accuracy, currency, content or quality of any such information.  Santander’s web site contains links to sites that are not maintained by Santander. Santander is not responsible for and has no control over the content of those sites, nor does Santander guarantee the content of such sites. All products and services provided by third parties or otherwise in this Site are subject to change without notice and are subject to restrictions, limitations, availability, conditions, and qualifications.
Privacy Policy
Santander is committed to protecting your privacy. All information gathered from you in connection with your use of this Site will be treated in accordance with our privacy policy, please review this privacy policy and print a copy for your records.
Links to Third Party Sites
This Site contains external hyperlinks to other Internet web sites maintained by third parties over which Santander has no control.  Santander provides these links to you only as a convenience. The appearance of external hyperlinks does not constitute endorsement by Santander of the linked web sites, or the information, products or services contained therein. Santander’s inclusion of a link or hyperlink on this Site does not imply Santander’s endorsement, warranty, or guarantee of the linked web site, nor does Santander accept any responsibility for the content, or the use, of any linked web sites or any of the products, services or information described or offered at these linked web sites.  All of the data on products and services, including but not limited to, the prices and the availability of any service, product or product feature, should be verified with the company supplying the product or service and is subject to change without notice by the manufacturers and/or service providers.  Santander specifically disclaims any and all liability for any damages, including without limitation, any special, indirect, incidental or consequential damages, that may arise from information, content, or use of any linked web sites.
If you decide to visit any linked web site, you do so at your own risk and it is your responsibility to take all protective measures to guard against viruses or other destructive elements. Santander makes no warranty or representation regarding, and does not endorse, any linked web sites or the information appearing thereon or any of the products or services described thereon. Links do not imply that Santander or this Site sponsors, endorses, is affiliated or associated with, or is legally authorized to use any trademark, trade name, logo or copyright symbol displayed in or accessible through the links, or that any linked site is authorized to use any trademark, trade name, logo or copyright symbol of Santander and any of its affiliates or subsidiaries. All other trademarks, product names, and company names and logos appearing on this Site are the property of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
Copyright
Pursuant to Title 17, United States Code, Section 512(c)(2), notifications of claimed copyright infringement should be sent to the Sites designated agent.  Santander respects the intellectual property of others. Santander will process and investigate notices of alleged infringement and will take appropriate actions under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) and other applicable intellectual property laws. Upon receipt of notices in compliance with the DMCA, Santander will act to remove or disable access to any material found to be infringing or found to be the subject of infringing activity and will act to remove or disable access to any reference or link to material or activity that is found to be infringing.
If you believe that your work has been used on this Site in a manner that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide Santander’s Copyright Agent  as listed below with a written notice that includes all of the following information: an electronic or physical signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the exclusive right that is allegedly infringed; identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed; a description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the Site; your address, telephone number, and email address and all other information reasonably sufficient to permit Santander to contact you; a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; a statement by you, under penalty of perjury, that the information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owners behalf.
Santander’s Copyright Agent for notice of claims of copyright infringement on or regarding this Site can be reached as follows:
Copyright Agent
Laurie Kight
Santander Consumer USA Inc.
P.O. Box 961245, Fort Worth, TX 76161-1245
Toll free: 888-222-4227
Copyright Notice
Copyright © 2019 Santander Consumer USA Inc. All rights reserved. All copyright and other intellectual property rights in and to all text, images, graphics, sounds, selection, and arrangement of the materials and other copyrighted works on this web site are proprietary to Santander Consumer USA Inc. and may not be copied for commercial use or distribution, not may these materials or other copyrighted works be modified or reposted to other web sites.
LegalPrivacy & Security
Terms and Conditions
Online Privacy
Consent Sharing
TCPA Disclosure
Consent for Electronic Documents
Consent for SMS/Texting
Terms of Submitting Application
State Law Disclosures
Buy or Lease
Buy
Lease
Lease-End Options
Mileage & Wear
Allegiance Team
Lease-End Resources
Customer Center
Make a Payment
My Account
Customer Service
Customer FAQs
Insurance Information
About Your Credit
Servicemembers Civil Relief Act
About
Accessibility
Fact Sheet
News
Contact Us
Careers
Finance Resources
Trade-In Tips
Finance Calculators
Current Offers
How to Apply
Dealer Locator
Car Buying Tips
Car Care Tips
First Time Car Buyer
Dealers
Dealer Login
Dealer Agreement
Contact Info
Contact Sales
Dealer FAQs
Partner with Us
Products
Payment Address
Chrysler Capital
P.O. Box 660335
Dallas, TX 75266-0335
Customer Service Line
855-563-5635
Facebook
Twitter
Social media disclaimerLinks to external websites are provided for convenience. Chrysler Capital does not endorse, and is not responsible, for their content, links, privacy or security policies.
©2020 Chrysler Capital. Chrysler Capital is a registered trademark of FCA US and licensed to Santander Consumer USA Inc.
Lease agreements are owned by CCAP Auto Lease Ltd. and serviced by Chrysler Capital.
Chrysler, Dodge, Jeep, Ram, Mopar and SRT are registered trademarks of FCA US.
ALFA ROMEO and FIAT are registered trademarks of FCA Group Marketing S.p.A., used with permission.
Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Home
Terms and Conditions
Privacy & Security
Servicemembers Civil Relief Act
Fair Lending
Contact Us