https://chryslercapital.com/legal/servicemembers-civil-relief-act
Skip to content
The Servicemembers Civil Relief Act (SCRA) is intended to provide specific benefits and protections when a Servicemember is called to active duty.
Chrysler Capital (CC) recognizes the compromises and sacrifices you make for our country as a U.S. Servicemember. That’s why we are committed to serving you by providing an SCRA program that goes beyond the minimum requirements.
If you are a Servicemember, you should proactively notify CC of your active duty military service to ensure that you receive the eligible benefits and protections of the SCRA. Generally, if you entered Active Duty after you signed your contract with us, you are entitled to SCRA benefits and protections. CC also provides SCRA benefits to Servicemembers who are on Temporary Change of Station (TCS) or Temporary Duty (TDY or TAD) orders, even if they were Active Duty prior to the contract.
Benefits of the Chrysler Capital SCRA program include:
A maximum interest rate of six percent for the period of active duty
No servicing-related fees assessed on accounts approved for SCRA protection
Protection from repossession of collateral unless a court order or written waiver is obtained
The option to terminate a motor vehicle lease without an early termination fee applies if:
You enter a period of military service or deployment of 180 days or more, or
You are already in active duty service and receive qualifying orders:
for a permanent change of station from a location in the United States to a location outside of the continental United States or from a state, territory or possession of the United States, or
to deploy with a military unit, or as an individual in support of a military operation, for a period of 180 days or more.
In connection with the above SCRA program, Chrysler Capital has extended the rights granted to a Servicemember under the SCRA for an additional 90 days after the end of active duty service.
SCRA Eligibility
Chrysler Capital conducts regular searches of the Defense Manpower Data Center (DMDC) to identify eligible Servicemembers. If identified, CC will automatically enroll you in SCRA. If CC does not obtain eligible active duty information from the DMDC, at least one of the following documents must be provided in order to establish eligibility for protection under the SCRA:
Deployment orders
Letter from a commanding officer that includes the following:
Drafted on official letterhead
Contact information for the officer writing the letter
Your full name and Social Security number or date of birth
The period of military service and either that the service is indefinite or the date on which the military service ended or is scheduled to end
Guard/Reservists call to duty or active duty orders
Enlistment or initial active duty for Training (ADT) orders
Annual training orders, including amended annual training orders, for Reservists and National Guard
Temporary Change of Station (TCS), Temporary Duty (TDY) and Temporary Additional Duty (TAD) orders
Permanent Change of Station (PCS) orders
Extension or continuation orders
If you are an active duty Servicemember and have not already been granted a reduction to the six percent interest rate, you should submit a request to Chrysler Capital to evaluate your eligibility for the SCRA. Please include one of the eligible documents outlined above. Your request for SCRA benefits must be received within 180 days of the end of your active duty period in order to qualify for SCRA benefits.. Benefits will be applied retroactively to your account, if applicable. If you have questions regarding this process, please contact our SCRA team of specialists at (855) 563-5635.
Non-contracted spouses or dependents of an eligible servicemember are also eligible for SCRA benefits. Additional documents required for consideration are:
A marriage certificate and a copy of the military identification or
A copy of a valid power of attorney
Dependent coverage may also require a copy of current year tax returns, validating dependent status.
How to Contact Us
You may submit a request for SCRA or contact us regarding eligibility by the following contact methods:
Email
SCRATeam@ChryslerCapital.com
Phone
Our dedicated team of SCRA specialists can be reached at (855) 563-5635 from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. CST, Monday through Friday.
Fax
(972) 999-8216
Mail
Chrysler Capital
Attn: SCRA Department
P.O. Box 882517
North Richland Hills, TX 76180
Overnight Mail
Chrysler Capital
5201 Rufe Snow Drive, Suite 400
North Richland Hills, TX 76180
SCRA Credit Bureau Reporting
Chrysler Capital will not report SCRA-protected accounts to the national Credit Reporting Agencies. Upon request, we will provide a letter of good standing to Servicemembers subject to SCRA protections with a transaction history reflecting timely payments. Additionally, customers may request an SCRA waiver which will need to be signed and returned in order to reinstate credit bureau reporting.
SCRA FAQ Page
What is the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act (SCRA)?The Servicemembers Civil Relief Act (SCRA), formerly known as the Soldiers’ and Sailors’ Civil Relief Act, is a federal law that provides protections to individuals in military service. The law’s purpose is to postpone, suspend, terminate or reduce the amount of certain civil obligations so that members of the armed forces and certain other individuals can focus their full attention on their military or professional responsibilities without adverse consequences for themselves or their families. At Chrysler Capital, we are proud to provide our Servicemembers with an SCRA program that goes beyond the minimum requirements.
If I am receiving SCRA benefits, do I still need to make a payment?
Yes, payments are still required on accounts receiving SCRA benefits.
Who is eligible for SCRA benefits under the Chrysler Capital SCRA program?
Servicemembers called to active duty with one of the following branches:
Army, Navy, Air Force, Marine Corps or Coast Guard (including each respective Reserve Component)
National Guard
In addition, SCRA extends protection to include:
Active, commissioned officers of the Public Health Service or National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration
U.S. citizens who are members of an allied nation’s military service
Draft inductees ordered to report for induction into the military, beginning on the date they receive their orders
Spouses and dependents of eligible active duty Servicemembers, producing the proper, required documentation
What documents are required to receive SCRA benefits with Chrysler Capital?
Although Chrysler Capital regularly searches the Defense Manpower Data Center (DMDC) to determine Servicemember status and grant SCRA protection to eligible borrowers, sometimes the DMDC has incorrect or incomplete information. In order to ensure that all SCRA benefits are provided, at least one of the following documents should be provided:
Deployment orders
Letter from a commanding officer that includes the following:
Drafted on official letterhead
Contact information for the officer writing the letter
Your full name and Social Security number or date of birth
The period of military service, including the start date and either that the service is indefinite or the date on which the military service ended or is scheduled to end
Guard/Reservists call to duty or active duty orders
Enlistment or Initial Active Duty for Training (ADT) orders
Annual training orders, including amended annual training orders, for Reservists and National Guard
Temporary Change of Station (TCS), Temporary Duty (TDY) and Temporary Additional Duty (TAD) orders
Permanent Change of Station (PCS) orders
Extension or continuation orders
Are all of my accounts eligible for SCRA benefits?
While the SCRA provides benefits and protections for contracts entered into prior to military service, the Chrysler Capital SCRA program offers assistance with any account where you provide a copy of your TCS, TDY or TAD orders reflecting a change of station after you entered into your contract.
Who do I contact to receive SCRA benefits?
Email
SCRATeam@ChryslerCapital.com
Phone
Our dedicated team of SCRA specialists can be reached at (855) 563-5635 from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. CST, Monday through Friday.
Fax
(972) 999-8216
Mail
Chrysler Capital
Attn: SCRA Department
P.O. Box 882517
North Richland Hills, TX 76180
Overnight Mail
Chrysler Capital
5201 Rufe Snow Drive, Suite 400
North Richland Hills, TX 76180
Will my account be reported to the credit bureau?
Chrysler Capital will not report to the credit bureau for all SCRA-protected accounts. Upon request, we will provide a letter of good standing to Servicemembers subject to SCRA protections with a transaction history reflecting timely payments or a SCRA waiver to reinstate credit bureau reporting.
What is the Defense Manpower Data Center (DMDC)?
A database maintained by the Department of Defense (DOD), the DMDC contains information to help determine a Servicemember’s eligibility for SCRA benefits and protection. Chrysler Capital conducts searches of the DMDC database to identify and contact customers who qualify for the SCRA benefits and protections.
Where can I go to get more information about the SCRA?
If you have questions or want more information regarding your rights under the SCRA, contact your unit’s judge advocate or your installation’s legal assistance officer. A military legal assistance office locator for all branches of the armed forces is available here.You can also find information at Military OneSource. A comprehensive online resource for the U.S. Department of Defense information, Military OneSource can also be reached by phone at (800) 342-9647 within the United States. Dialing instructions for areas outside the United States are specific to your international location and can be found on the website.
LegalPrivacy & Security
Terms and Conditions
Online Privacy
Consent Sharing
TCPA Disclosure
Consent for Electronic Documents
Consent for SMS/Texting
Terms of Submitting Application
State Law Disclosures
Buy or Lease
Buy
Lease
Lease-End Options
Mileage & Wear
Allegiance Team
Lease-End Resources
Customer Center
Make a Payment
My Account
Customer Service
Customer FAQs
Insurance Information
About Your Credit
Servicemembers Civil Relief Act
About
Accessibility
Fact Sheet
News
Contact Us
Careers
Finance Resources
Trade-In Tips
Finance Calculators
Current Offers
How to Apply
Dealer Locator
Car Buying Tips
Car Care Tips
First Time Car Buyer
Dealers
Dealer Login
Dealer Agreement
Contact Info
Contact Sales
Dealer FAQs
Partner with Us
Products
Payment Address
Chrysler Capital
P.O. Box 660335
Dallas, TX 75266-0335
Customer Service Line
855-563-5635
Facebook
Twitter
Social media disclaimerLinks to external websites are provided for convenience. Chrysler Capital does not endorse, and is not responsible, for their content, links, privacy or security policies.
©2020 Chrysler Capital. Chrysler Capital is a registered trademark of FCA US and licensed to Santander Consumer USA Inc.
Lease agreements are owned by CCAP Auto Lease Ltd. and serviced by Chrysler Capital.
Chrysler, Dodge, Jeep, Ram, Mopar and SRT are registered trademarks of FCA US.
ALFA ROMEO and FIAT are registered trademarks of FCA Group Marketing S.p.A., used with permission.
Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Home
Terms and Conditions
Privacy & Security
Servicemembers Civil Relief Act
Fair Lending
Contact Us