https://chwine.com/privacy/
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter or fill out a form.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information.
All customers of our site may make any changes to their information at anytime by logging into their Store account and going to the 'My Account' page.
Like most websites, we use cookies and/or web beacons to enhance your experience, gather general visitor information, and track visits to our website. Please refer to the 'do we use cookies?' section below for information about cookies and how we use them.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience
(your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
To improve our website
(we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
To improve customer service
(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
To process transactions
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature
To send periodic emails
The email address you provide for order processing, will only be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order.
If you decide to opt-in to our mailing list, you will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
Do we use cookies?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your browser that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
We use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart, understand and save your preferences for future visits, keep track of advertisements and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
If you prefer, you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies via your browser settings. Like most websites, if you turn your cookies off, some of our services may not function properly. However, you can still place orders by contacting customer service at 800-805-1971.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Disclosure of Information.
We may contract with third party marketing companies to serve advertisements on our behalf across the Internet. They may collect non-personal information about your visits to our website, and your interaction with our products and services. They may also use non-personal information about your visits to this and other websites to target advertisements for goods and services. These targeted advertisements may appear on other websites that you visit. The anonymous information is collected through the use of technology such as Cookies and Web Beacons, which are industry standard. No Personally Identifiable Information ("PII") is collected in this process.
We may share your PII and non-personal information, including your name, address, email address and any transactions you conduct on our website or offline with us with a third party advertising partner and its service providers in order to deliver tailored advertising to you that match your interests when you visit our website as well as other websites. Our advertising partner will make the data that we provide anonymous so that no one else will receive your PII.
Data Retention.
We and our Vendor will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services, please use the opt-out link below. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Opt-Out.
You may generally opt-out of the use of your information for tailored advertising purposes.  To learn more about the use of this information or to choose not to have this information used by our third-party advertising partner by opting out please visit the Network Advertising Initiative by clicking  here. If you delete your Cookies, use a different browser, or buy a new computer, you will need to renew your opt-out choice.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified on 3/29/2016.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
http://chwine.com/
251 Rhode Island St. Ste. 203San Francisco, CA 94103USAinfo@chwine.com415-495-1350
Sign up for our CHW Insider newsletter to get the scoop on all our promotions, new releases, and events!
Join