https://cinderellashoes.com/privacy-policy-2/
We Ship Worldwide
Privacy Notice
Your privacy is very important to us and, for this reason, we want to be clear about how we collect, process and store your personal data in compliance with the European Union’s new General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
What information do we process?
This is the personal data we process:
Transactions: full name, postal address, telephone number, email address, company name (if you choose to provide that to us), payment information, payment history, credit information and order information.
Newsletter: contact information such as e-mail address, to share special offers and news with you.
Email contact: Our website provides a form for users to submit queries along with their email address.
What do we use your information for?
Your personal data may be used in one of the following ways:
To improve and customise the layout and/or content of our pages.
To carry out demographics research in relation to visitors and tracking of sales data.
To personalize your experience: your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs.
To improve our website: we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
To improve customer service: your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
To process transactions and issue refunds.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.
To send periodic newsletters by email: The email address you provide for order processing is used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
We may use personal information provided by you in order to conduct appropriate anti-fraud checks. Personal information that you provide may be disclosed to a credit reference or fraud prevention agency, which may keep a record of that information. This is done only to confirm your identity – a credit check is not performed and your credit rating is unaffected.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our
Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems and are required to keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards details etc) will not be stored on our servers.
Do we use cookies?
Yes – our website uses ‘cookie’ technology. A cookie is a small file that is stored on your computer and contains information which helps the website to identify the visitor. Cookies enable us to offer our visitors better service. During the time you are on the website, our web-server distributes a specific identity string to each visitor so that we don’t mix them all together.
We use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart and understand and save your preferences for future visits. To be able to use Cinderella Shoes most efficiently you should have the cookie function activated.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
We will only share your information with third parties we use on a limited basis in accordance with our internal procedures. All third parties used by Cinderella Shoes that currently have access to your personal information have their own GDPR regulations in place.
Social Media
We operate Facebook, Twitter and Instagram accounts for the purposes of advertising our products and special offers. You may unlike our Facebook page and unfollow our Instagram account at any time.
How long we keep your information?
The personal information you provide us helps us to serve you in the best possible way and to demonstrate that we run our business in a professional manner. When you purchase shoes from us or subscribe to our newsletter, we create records that contains this personal information. Records are held in soft copy only on secure servers. We normally keep our customer records up to 5 years after a purchase per bookkeeping rules, and we hold subscriber details as long as we are actively emailing newsletters to our subscriber database. You may request to unsubscribe from our database or have your details erased entirely – see ‘Your Rights’ section.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our website privacy policy.
Your Rights
In accordance with our obligations under GDPR, you have the right to:
ask us to stop using your personal data for direct marketing you have opted in at some stage of your relationship with More Creative Enterprises Ltd, You can do this by following the ‘unsubscribe’ instructions at the bottom of each email or by contacting us at shop@cinderellashoes.ie, outlining your specific instructions. You can also delete cookies using functionality available in most browsers.
request us anytime what personal data we hold on you, or
have your personal data updated, amended or removed from our database.
You have the right to erase any personal data processed by Cinderella Shoes at any time except for the following situations:
You have an ongoing matter with Customer Service.
You have an open order which has not yet been shipped or partially shipped.
If you are suspected or have misused our services within the last four years.
If you have made any purchase, we will keep your personal data in connection with your transaction for bookkeeping rules.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, please don’t hesitate to contact us using the information below.
CINDERELLA SHOES,
Block 1E Acorn Business Park, Rathangan, Co.Kildare, R51 DC97, IRELAND
Email: shop@cinderellashoes.ie
×
JUST IN
Shop by Brand
.
Andres Machado
Brenda Zaro
Converse
Cinderella Shoes
DB Shoes
Emma
Gabor
Hogl
.
Hush Puppies
Josef Seibel
Legero
Mustang
Pretty Ballerinas
Reiker Handbags
Remonte
Romika
.
Superga
Semler
Softwaves
Toni Pons
Waldlaufer
Xaira
Shop by Style
.
Ankle Boots
Boots
Casual
Flats / Low Heels
Med / High Heels
.
Orthopaedic
Sandals
Shoes
Slippers
Trainers
.
Wedges
Shop by Size
.
8 UK
8.5 UK
9 UK
9.5 UK
10 UK
10.5 UK
11 UK
12 UK
13 UK
.
42 EU
42.5 EU
43 EU
43.5 EU
44 EU
44.5 EU
45 EU
46 EU
47 EU
.
10 US
10.5 US
11 US
11.5 US
12 US
12.5 US
13 US
14 US
15 US
End of Line Sale
Gift Vouchers
INSTORE
Contact Us
Cart
×
What are you looking for?