https://cinderellashoes.com/terms-conditions/
We Ship Worldwide
Terms & Conditions
This website is owned and operated by Cinderella Shoes. Registered office: CINDERELLA SHOES, Unit 1E Acorn Business Park, Rathangan, Co.Kildare, R51 VF62, IRELAND. Registered number 543159.
Any enquiries or comments regarding this website should be directed to info@cinderellashoes.ie or call us on +353 89 498 2200
Please read the company terms and conditions listed below, as they contain Important information.
1. Ownership of Rights
All rights including copyright of this website are either owned by, or licensed to Cinderella Shoes. You may not modify or post anything on this website for any purpose. Any use of this website apart from personal, non-commercial use is prohibited without the permission of Cinderella Shoes. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
2. Accuracy of Content
We make every effort to ensure that you receive the most accurate image, colour and description of our products. However as the actual colours displayed to you may depend on your monitor, we cannot guarantee exact matching of colour upon delivery of goods.
We take every care to ensure that prices displayed on our website are correct at time of print, and also that each item has been properly described. However orders are only accepted and processed by us, if there are no errors in description and pricing of goods. If an error should occur, we will notify you by email or telephone, depending on the contact details provided by you, the customer.
3. Pricing
Cinderella Shoes display footwear prices in the following currencies:
Euros (€), Sterling (£), U.S Dollars ($), Canadian Dollars ($), Australian Dollars ($), New Zealand Dollar, Japanese Yen, South African Rand, Swiss Franc, United Arab Emirates Dirham, Hong Kong Dollar, and Norwegian Krone.
All prices displayed are inclusive of VAT.
Non-EU import duties and local sales tax are the customer’s responsibility.
4. Payment Policy
Cinderella Shoes accepts payment by Visa and MasterCard and most other International credit cards. We accept cheques (only from Irish banks payable in Euro). Your credit card will be charged when goods are ready to be dispatched. If we are sending part of an order, we only charge for items we send.
5. Privacy Policy
Cinderella Shoes never exchange your personal details with a third party. The details you provide to us are for the sole use of the company, to allow us to keep in contact with you, and keep you updated of New Arrivals, Sale Items, Promotions, and News etc.
6. Security Policy
We use Internet Standard Encryption Technology to scramble your online order Information. This process is known as SSL (Secure Sockets Layer). It encrypts your personal information, including your credit card number, name and address, to ensure that your purchase stays private and protected in transmission.
7. Account/Password Security
The customer is responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of their password, and for all transactions, which occur within their account. Any misuse of an account is liable for, by the customer, and is not a responsibility of Cinderella Shoes.
8. Availability
We try to ensure we only display on this website, products held in stock. However, occasionally due to demand, some items become depleted before being removed from display. If this occurs with an item you require, please contact us and we will inform you if a reorder is possible. As Cinderella Shoes have the footwear collection designed specifically, a time delay may incur, of which you will be notified. You can then choose to reserve the item, or remove it from your shopping basket. All items are subject to availability.
9. Shipping
Please refer to our shipping link for full details on shipping rates to your country. All goods shipped are registered and insured. We aim to dispatch orders placed from Monday-Friday before noon GMT within 24 hours.
10. Acknowledgement and Acceptance of Orders
If you supply your email address with your order, we will confirm receipt of order as soon as possible. Once goods are packed and ready for dispatch we will contact you again by email to notify you of dispatch. The processing of a payment and acknowledgement of an order does not constitute a legally binding contract. All orders placed by you on the Website are on the basis of these Terms and Conditions of Sale and are subject to acceptance by us by delivery of the goods to you at which point a legally binding contract is constituted between us. Cinderella Shoes reserves the right to cancel an order up this point of delivery of your order.
11. Returns
If you are not happy with your purchase, simply return it to us, within 10 working days, unworn, unmarked and in original packaging, and we will exchange or refund the cost of goods in full. Please do not write or stick anything to shoe boxes. When sending a return parcel, it is your responsibility until it reaches us. We suggest you return goods by registered post, to ensure delivery. Returns received outside the 10 day period will be granted a store credit. Please allow up to 7 working days after receipt of your return for a refund to be processed.
12. International Shopping
This website and all it’s contents are directly solely at the people who access the site from The European Union, Great Britain, U.S.A, Canada, Australia, New Zealand. Any enquiries from other countries should be directed to info@cinderellashoes.ie
13. Links
We have placed links on this website which we feel may be of interest to our customers. If you would like to place a link with us, please contact us. Cinderella Shoes does not control the content of any other website, and does not accept any liability in respect of the use of another website.
14. Our Right
Cinderella Shoes reserve the right to change/update the Terms and Conditions of this website. There may be information and other notices, on other pages of this site, which, combined with the terms and conditions listed above govern the use of this website.
15. Klarna
In cooperation with Klarna Bank AB (publ), Sveavägen 46, 111 34 Stockholm, Sweden, we offer you the following payment options. Payment is to be made to Klarna:
Pay in 3
Pay Later
Further information and Klarna’s user terms you can find here. General information on Klarna can be found here. Your personal data is handled in accordance with applicable data protection law and in accordance with the information in Klarnas privacy statement.
×
JUST IN
Shop by Brand
.
Andres Machado
Brenda Zaro
Converse
Cinderella Shoes
DB Shoes
Emma
Gabor
Hogl
.
Hush Puppies
Josef Seibel
Legero
Mustang
Pretty Ballerinas
Reiker Handbags
Remonte
Romika
.
Superga
Semler
Softwaves
Toni Pons
Waldlaufer
Xaira
Shop by Style
.
Ankle Boots
Boots
Casual
Flats / Low Heels
Med / High Heels
.
Orthopaedic
Sandals
Shoes
Slippers
Trainers
.
Wedges
Shop by Size
.
8 UK
8.5 UK
9 UK
9.5 UK
10 UK
10.5 UK
11 UK
12 UK
13 UK
.
42 EU
42.5 EU
43 EU
43.5 EU
44 EU
44.5 EU
45 EU
46 EU
47 EU
.
10 US
10.5 US
11 US
11.5 US
12 US
12.5 US
13 US
14 US
15 US
End of Line Sale
Gift Vouchers
INSTORE
Contact Us
Cart
×
What are you looking for?