http://classicpumps.com/policies.php
Order Form | How to Order | About | Contact | 630-385-2047
Home
High Heels Deals
Order Form
How to Order
What's New at Classic Pumps
About Our Shoes
4" High Heels
3 & 3-1/2" Mid Heels
2-1/2" & Lower Heels
Ankle Strap Heels
Slingback Heels
Solemates High Heeler
Leather Handbags & Travel Bags
High Heel Comfort & Accessories
Pageant Shoes
Our Shoe Colors
Shoe Sizes & Chart
Sizes Over 12 & Extra Wide
Discounted High Heels
Shipping
FAQ
About Us
Fan Mail
Policies
Helpful Links
Visit our companion website for comfortable sandals in genuine spanish leather.
Classic Comfort Sandals
Click the icons below
to see our Classic Pumps Shoe Galleries
Choose Shoes
by Category
High Heels
4" Styles
High Heels
3 - 3.5
" Styles
Medium/Low Heels
2.5" and lower Styles
Ankle Straps
Slingbacks
Classic Pumps Policies
Classic Pumps Privacy Policy
Classic Pumps respects your right to privacy and anonymity.
— We do not sell or rent our mailing list or your e-mail address to anyone.
— If you have special packaging requirements, such as no Classic Pumps label on the shipping box, just tell us.
— All shoes are shipped in an outer cardboard shipping box to ensure that they arrive safely.
— If you don't want us to call you, then don't give us a phone or fax number. If numbers are provided, we might call you if we have questions.
— If the shoes are a gift for someone, then let us know that too. Those of us of the male persuasion often buy Classic Pumps for our favorite significant others.
— We do ask that you provide us with an e-mail address or some other method of contacting you. We may need to ask you questions about your order. If we have to write to you via snail mail, it will take longer for you to receive your order.
Classic Pumps Exchange/Return Policy
Return unworn shoes in their original box within 30 days of purchase. Include your name and instructions for refund or exchange. Buyer is responsible for all shipping expense.
Shipping/handling charges are not refundable, and we do NOT accept returns with C.O.D. charges or customs brokerage fee charges.
Shoes returned to us for a refund AFTER 30 days from date of purchase and/or that are missing any of the original packing material included with the shoes are subject to a 20% restocking fee to be deducted from the refund. No returns after 60 days from date of purchase will be accepted.
Shoes worn off carpet or outside will not be accepted for return. If the shoes don't feel comfortable within the first 60 minutes of wearing them, please return them for a refund or exchange. DO NOT wear them outside unless you plan to keep them.
Classic Pumps Backorder/Custom Orders Policy
If you agree to backorder shoes from us, it is YOUR responsibility to cancel the backorder should you decide that you do not want to wait for the shoes to arrive. If you pay by credit card, you will NOT be charged until the backordered item ships.
Custom order shoes are not refundable/cancelable under any circumstances.
All Rights Reserved. © 2011 — 2020 Classic Pumps and Webs by Wagner, LLC
Site designed by Webs by Wagner