http://classicbrands.net/privacy-policy-and-terms-of-use/
Privacy Policy
Home >
Privacy Policy
CLASSIC BRANDS PRIVACY POLICYEffective Date: Feb. 4, 2019This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their Personal Information is being used online by CB Member, LLC (“Classic Brands”, “we” or “us”). When you use our website located at https://classicbrands.net/ (“Site”), you will share some information with us. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personal Information in accordance with our website.When we use the term “Personal Information” in this Privacy Policy, we mean information about you that is personally identifiable to you, such as your contact information (e.g., name, address, email address, or telephone number).1. Information Collected.We may receive and/or collect Personal Information in the following ways:1.1. Personal Information You Provide To Us on Our Site.(a) To Register for the Site. To access and use any password protected portion of the Site, you may be asked to provide us Personal Information, including your name, email address or other details to help you with your experience.(b) To Make a Purchase. We may collect Personal Information including information about your credit card number, billing address, shipping address, billing zip code, security code and other payment transaction and verification details (“Payment Information”) from you. We use Payment Information to allow us to process and fulfill purchases you make through the Site and to deliver your products.(c) To Subscribe to Newsletter. You may submit your name and email address to subscribe to our newsletter so we will be able to keep you informed of developments in our company or our Site.(d) To Submit Feedback or Obtain Support. You may submit your questions, comments and report issues to us on the Site We may use the Personal Information you provided to contact you to answer your questions or to provide you technical support.(e) Social Media. The Site may allow you to share content with third-party social networking sites (e.g. Facebook®, Twitter®). If you choose to do this, your interactions with these third parties are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing them, not by this Privacy Policy.(f) Analytics. We may use certain in-house or third-party functionality to analyze your communications with us and interactions with the Site. The analysis enables us to monitor the Site that we provide so that we can improve the Site provided to you. These third parties will be required to protect any Personal Information in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy.1.2. Information Collected Automatically. Certain information on our Site is collected automatically by means of various software tools. We have a legitimate interest in using such information to assist in log-in, systems administration purposes, information security and abuse prevention, to track user trends, and to analyze the effectiveness of our Site.(a) Cookies. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. If you turn cookies off, you will be able to navigate our Site, but you may not be able to successfully use all of the features of our Site.We use cookies to:Understand and save user’s preferences for future visits.Keep track of advertisements.Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third-party websites that track this information on our behalf.We use the following cookies:Strictly necessary cookies. These are cookies that are required for the operation of our websites and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for Site, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the Site will not then work. These cookies do not store any Personal Information.Analytical/performance cookies. They allow us to recognize and count the number of website visitors and to see how visitors move around our websites when they are using them. This helps us to improve the way our websites work, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies, we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.Functionality cookies. These are used to recognize you when you return to our websites. This enables us to personalize our content for you and remember your preferences (e.g., your choice of language or region).Targeting cookies. These cookies record your visit to our websites, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We will use this information to make our websites and the advertising displayed on it more relevant to your interests. We may also share this information with third parties for this purpose.(b) Third-Party Cookies. The use of third-party cookies is not covered by our Privacy Policy. We do not have access or control over these cookies. You may visit the third-party links below to opt out of their tracking and learn about their privacy practices. However, we are not in control of the location of the instructions and information provided by the third parties below and, therefore, you may have to locate the particular instructions and information for the respective third-party if these links are no longer current.(1) Google Analytics. We have implemented the following: Google Display Network Impression Reporting, Google Tag Manager and Demographics and Interests Reporting.To view Google’s privacy policy, please click here.To opt out, please download and install the “Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on” by clicking here.2. How do We Use Your Personal Information?We will not use or disclose your Personal Information in a manner inconsistent with applicable law or this Privacy Policy. We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:To personalize your experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested;To provide you the Site and products or services you requested;To improve our website in order to better serve you;To respond to your customer service requests and other comments that you communicate to us;To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature;To send transactional emails regarding your order;To send you information such as new Site features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up-to-date with Classic Brands, our affiliated brands and our products or services; You can always opt out of email marketing by clicking on the “Unsubscribe” link appended to the end of a promotional email from us;To provide, analyze, administer and improve our Site;We may use your Personal Information to perform business analyses or for other similar purposes to improve the quality of our business, our Site and the products or services we offer;We may use your Personal Information to create aggregated, non-personal information, or to create de-identified information; andWe may use your Personal Information to investigate possible violations of and enforce our contracts, including our terms of use and any terms and conditions associated with our products or services, and to comply with our legal obligations.3. How do We Protect Your Personal Information?While no websites can guarantee security, we maintain appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect your Personal Information, including assuring that third-party service providers who access or handle Personal Information on our behalf and affiliates maintain such safeguards. For example, the Site is protected by secure socket layer (“SSL”) technology.However, there is no guarantee that information will not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards. When you submit information to us through our Site, you should be aware that your information is transmitted across the Internet and that no method of transmission over the Internet is completely or 100% secure. Please note that emails and other communications you send through our Site are not encrypted, and we strongly advise you not to communicate any confidential information through these means.In the event that a breach in our security systems occurs and there is a possibility that an unauthorized person acquires your Personal Information, we will notify you of such a breach if we are required by applicable law to do so. However, delays in notification may occur while we take necessary measures to determine the scope of the breach and restore reasonable integrity to the system, as well as for the legitimate needs of law enforcement, if notification would impede a criminal investigation. From time to time, we evaluate new technologies for protecting information and, when appropriate, we will undertake reasonable efforts to upgrade our information security systems. If you notice or suspect any security violations, please contact us by sending an email to privacy@classicbrands.net.4. How We Disclose Personal Information.We share Personal Information only as otherwise described below:Affiliates and Third Parties. We may share your Personal Information with Classic Brands’ affiliates and other companies worldwide in order for these companies to contact you about their products, services, or other offerings that may be of interest to you. By accessing our Site or otherwise providing us with your Personal Information, you consent to such disclosures of your Personal Information as provided in this Privacy Policy. To choose to opt out of such disclosures, please email us at privacy@classicbrands.net or call us at 1-800-352-9164. This Privacy Policy does not govern unaffiliated third-party websites or any other website that does not link to this Privacy Policy.Service Providers. We may share your Personal Information with affiliated and unaffiliated companies that perform tasks on our behalf related to our business. Such tasks include managing and analyzing our Site usage data, (with users’ consents), electronic and postal mail service, contests/surveys/sweepstakes administration, marketing Site, social commerce and media Site (e.g., Facebook, ratings, reviews, blog), and payment processing Site. For example, we use Constant Contact to conduct email marketing services . Third-party service providers receive your Personal Information as necessary to perform their role, and we instruct them not to use your Personal Information for any other purposes.Professional Advisors. We may share your Personal Information with our auditors, lawyers or other professional advisors so they can support our business. Like the other service providers, these professional advisors are bound by contractual obligations to keep Personal Information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them.As Required or Appropriate by Law. We will disclose your Personal Information as necessary or appropriate, including providing information as required by law, regulation, subpoena, court order, legal process or government request; to enforce our Terms of Use, including investigations of potential violations thereof; to detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues; when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect your safety or the safety of others; to protect our rights, to investigate fraud, or to respond to a government request.Business Transfers. Classic Brands may, in the future, sell or otherwise transfer some or all of its assets to a third-party. Your Personal Information we obtain from you via the Site may be disclosed to any potential or actual third party purchasers of such assets and/or may be among those assets transferred in accordance with applicable law. Once transferred, your Personal Information remains subject to any pre-existing applicable privacy policies.Non-personally identifiable information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.5. Third-party links.Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third-party products or website on our website. These third-party websites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites.6. Children.Our Site is not intended for, and we don’t direct them to, anyone under 13 years old. The Site does not permit children under 13 to become users, and we do not collect Personal Information from them. By using the Site, you represent that you are not under the age of 13. Any information we receive from users we believe to be under the age of 13 will be purged from our database.7. Retention.We reserve the right to retain any Personal Information as long as the Personal Information is needed to: (i) fulfill the purposes that are described in this Privacy Policy, and (ii) comply with applicable law. We will take all reasonable steps to destroy, or erase from our systems, all Personal Information which is no longer required for the purposes for which the Personal Information was collected.8. Your Choices.We strive to maintain the accuracy of any Personal Information that may be collected from you, and will use our commercially reasonable efforts to respond promptly to update our database when you tell us any such information in our database is not accurate. It is your responsibility to ensure that such information is accurate, complete and up-to-date. You may obtain from us, by email or mail, the information in our records and/or files. If you wish to make any changes to any Personal Information you have provided to us, you may do so at any time by contacting us at privacy@classicbrands.net. You may opt out of receiving communications from us and our affiliates by following the opt-out link provided in any email received from us or by emailing us at privacy@classicbrands.net.Unaffiliated third parties may use cookies and other technologies on our website to collect information about your online activities over time and across different websites you visit in order to provide you with interest-based advertising. You can generally opt out of receiving interest-based advertisements from members of the Network Advertising Initiative or the Digital Advertising Alliance by clicking here for NAI and here for DAA. When you opt-out using these links, please note that you may still receive advertisements. They just will not be personalized based on your interests.Our Site does not respond to web browser “Do Not Track” signals and similar mechanisms. However, you may control certain tracking mechanisms as described in this Privacy Policy.9. Updates.The Site may evolve over time, based upon many factors. We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect changes to our information practices. We will provide you with advance notice of a major change prior to your access of any portion of the Site. For example, we may: (i) require that you re-accept the updated version of this Privacy Policy, (ii) send you an electronic notification advising of the update to this Privacy Policy, or (iii) include a notice on our Site and/or Site. We do not ordinarily provide advance notice of a minor change.We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices. You can tell when changes have been made to the Privacy Policy by referring to the “Effective Date” legend on top of this page. Your continued use of the Site and/or utilization of any Site benefits after this Privacy Policy has been updated (and after advance notice for a major change) indicates your agreement and acceptance of the updated version of the privacy policy. Unless otherwise indicated, any changes to this Privacy Policy will apply immediately upon posting to the Site.10. Questions Regarding This Privacy Policy.If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below:Classic Brands3600 S. Yosemite St., Ste. 1000Denver, CO 80237 USprivacy@classicbrands.net