http://clifcospicesales.com/sunshop/index.php?l=page_view&p=privacy_policy
Home
Gift Registry
Privacy Policy
About Us
Contact Us
My Account
Cart Contents
Your cart is currently empty
Subtotal:
$0.00
View Cart & Checkout
Categories
New Products (11)
Featured (7)
Bestsellers (20)
Sausage Seasonings (30)
BBQ Seasonings (13)
Injections (2)
Bottled Seasonings (8)
Breadings (1)
Stock Spices (61)
Sausage Making Supplies (27)
Sausage Casings (8)
Sausage Bags (12)
Manufacturers
- Select a Manufacturer -
CLIFCO SPICE SALES
Login
Username / Email:
Password:
Forgot Password?
Bestsellers
German Sausage Seasoning
Iron Grill Cajun Style Spicy Barbecue Rub
Clifco's Jerky Marinade
Southwestern Style BBQ Seasoning
Sage Pan Country Sausage Seasoning
Regular Country Pan Sausage Seasoning
Hot Country Pan Sausage Seasoning
Clifco's Breakfast Sausage
Iron Grill Spicy Brisket Rub
#5 BBQ Rub
Currency
U.S. Dollar (USD)
Search
Search
- All Categories -
Sausage Seasonings
BBQ Seasonings
Injections
Bottled Seasonings
Breadings
Stock Spices
Sausage Making Supplies
Sausage Casings
Sausage Bags
Privacy Policy
We value our customers and their privacy. All personal information is used to ensure efficient processing of your order. This information is used by our staff for contacting and identifying customers and their needs. We will not give, sell, rent, or loan any personally identifiable information to any third party, unless we are legally required to do so or you authorize us to do so.
Information Collection & Use:
Our site's registration form requires users to give us contact information (like their name and email address). The customer's contact information is used to contact the visitor in the event of a problem when processing an order. For example, problems with credit card verification, product availability, etc. Users have a choice of receiving future mailings during the registration process.
Our site uses an order form for customers to request information, products, and services. We collect visitor's contact information (like their email address), and financial information (like their account or credit card numbers). The customer's contact information is used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary. i.e, in the event there is a problem processing an order, corporate changes, or changes in privacy practices. Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for products and services. The customer ID numbers are assigned to Web site visitors to verify the user's identity and for use as account numbers in our record system.
Security:
This website takes every precaution to protect our users' information. When users submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and off-line. When our registration/order form asks users to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number), that information is encrypted and protected. While on a secure page, such as our order form, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked, as opposed to un-locked, or open, when you are just "surfing".
If you have any questions about the security at our web site, please send an e-mail to Sales@clifcospicesales.com.
Home
Gift Registry
Privacy Policy
About Us
Contact Us
My Account
Clifco Spice Sales ©Copyright 2020 Clifco Spice Sales, Inc
Powered by SunShop "Shopping Cart Software"