https://clockdr.com/privacy/
Corona Virus UpdateWe are now open with regular business hours! Mon-Fri 10am-6pm Sat 10am-3pm
STORE WIDE SALE EVERYTHING 25-35% OFF
Home / Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Who we are
Our website address is: https://clockdr.com.
We are located at 10610 N 71ST PL Scottsdale, Arizona 85254-6705
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
Personal information (name and email) collected from Contact Forms are for direct communication purposes only. This information is not stored or shared with any company, persons or third party entities.
Cookies
This website uses cookies. We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services. You consent to our cookies if you continue to use our website.
Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user’s experience more efficient.
The law states that we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site. For all other types of cookies we need your permission.
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
This website, like most other websites,  stores analytic cookies on your computer. These cookies are used to provide a more personalized experience and to track your whereabouts around our website in compliance with the European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). If you decide to to opt-out of any future tracking, an opt-out cookie will be setup in your browser to remember this choice for one year.
The hosting provider for this site may collect data for customer service purposes, but takes privacy very seriously. You can read the standards and practices they maintain here.
Who we share your data with
The Clock Doctor does not share your personal information with any company or persons.
Data aquired during purchases made via Paypal are covered under the data policies of Paypal.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Your contact information
For privacy concerns, please contact our web development team at Bleazy USA.
Additional information
How we protect your data
By utilizing secure payments through Paypal, the use of a SSL certificate for encryption, and Firewall / Malware protection software installed on the site, we are commited to privacy and safety.
What data breach procedures we have in place
This site utilizes a SSL (Secure Sockets Layer),  which is a standard security protocol for establishing an encrypted link between a server and a web browser. This link ensures that all data exchanged between the browser and the server remains secure. This prevents 3rd parties from eavesdropping on the communication between the user and the site.
SSL Certificates are issued by a Certificate Authority (CA), along with other digital certificates. They confirm the identity and ownership of the business or company applying for the certificate. These issued certificates are chained to a trusted root certificate owned by your chosen CA. Trusted root certificates are embedded in a “certificate store” in popular web browsers such as Firefox, Chrome, Internet Explorer, and Safari.
This site utilizes firewall and malware protection software to detect and detour harmful bots, phish attacks and other security related breaches.
Product Categories
Select a category
BULOVA
Citizen
Clearance
Clocks
Cuckoo Clocks
Curio Clocks
Desk Clocks
Floor Clocks
Grandfather Clocks
Mantel Clocks
Men’s Watches
Modular Watch Winders
Music Boxes
Regulator Clocks
Ship Clocks
Table Clocks
Uncategorized
Wall Clocks
Watch Boxes
Watch Rolls
Watch Storage
Watch Winders
Watch Winders – 1 Piece
Watch Winders – 2 Piece
Watch Winders – 3 Piece
Watch Winders – 4 Piece
Watch Winders – 6 Piece
Watch Winders – 8 Piece
Watches
Women’s Watches
Zeppelin
Collections