https://cococare.com/privacy-policy/
star
arrow-up
arrow-left
arrow-right
close
arrow-down
search
check-mark
plus
minus
avatar
calendar
delete
edit
phone
spinner8
Cococare Products is committed to protecting your privacy. We do not share, sell, rent or trade any personal information about you to any third party. All information gathered is used to provide you with better service. E-mail addresses are only collected for  those customers who communicate with us via e-mail, register an account or subscribe to our newsletter. Other information that may be collected is your name, address and telephone number. The information we collect is that which is volunteered by our customers by registering on our site, making a purchase on our site, signing up for our newsletter or by completing surveys. Data may be collected as to which pages you visit or view on our website.All information collected is used for internal use only. Data is analyzed to help improve our promotional and or marketing programs as well as product offerings. We will only notify consumers who sign up for our newsletter or register for an account about promotions, sales, product introductions and website changes. Personal information may also be used for the following:
Process and track orders
Contact you about the status of an order
Help us improve our website and or your shopping experience
We do use third party companies to process credit cards, ship packages send newsletter emails and promotional activity. Some information may be shared with those companies in order to complete the transaction related to your purchase.Be advised that when sensitive information such as credit cards numbers are entered on our site, that information is encrypted using secure socket layer technology (SSL Certificate). We do everything we can to ensure security of your information. However, we cannot totally guarantee that every internet transmission is 100% secure.
When you visit cococare.com Cococare or one of the third parties we work with may use a computer cookie on your computer, laptop, tablet or phone. You can choose not to accept the cookie.  In order to disable cookies you need to prompt your web browser not to accept cookies.  Should you choose not to accept our cookies you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. We do not use cookies to collect or save personally identifiable information about you.
If at any time you do not want to receive emails from us, you can unsubscribe to our email by removing yourself from our newsletter or by contacting us by phone or email.Our website is not intended for the use of children and we do not knowingly collect information from children. We do not offer contests, giveaways, prizes or games that encourage children to participate. This website may contain links to other websites. Our Privacy Policy does not apply to those websites and Cococare Products is not responsible for the privacy policy of a third party website.By using our site you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy and consent to the collection of data and its use in accordance with this Privacy Policy.Policy ChangesIf at any time our privacy policy changes, we will post these changes on our website with the date of revision.
Sign Up & Get 15% OFF
Latest news, exclusive deals and more
Enter your email
Search...
Hand & Body
dropdown_arrow
Hand & Body
Hand & Bodydropdown_arrow
Hand & Body
All Hand & Body
Ingredientdropdown_arrow
Ingredient
Ingredient
Cocoa Butter
Coconut
Vitamin E
Argan Oil
Shea Butter
Rose
Other
Product Typedropdown_arrow
Product Type
Product Type
Oils
Creams
Lotions & Gels
Butters & Balms
Soaps & Toners
Solutiondropdown_arrow
Solution
Solution
Body Care
Face
Pregnancy
Foot Care
Other
Lip Care
100% Natural
Hair
Aromatherapy
Africare
Gift
Travel
account
My Account
Shopping cart
You are only $49.00 away from free shipping
close
Search...
close
Sign Up & Get 15% OFF
Latest news, exclusive deals and more
Enter your email