https://coffeeworks.com.au/policies
COFFEE •
CHOCOLATE •
TEA •
LIQUEUR •
GIFTS
ORDER NOW
LOGIN/SIGNUP
CART: 0
Toggle navigation
Menu
Home
Products
Coffee
Chocolate
Liqueur
Gifts
Tea
Visit Us
Our Delicious Locations
Coffee Works Mareeba
Coffee Works Atherton
Coffee Works Cairns
Coffee Works Port Douglas
Coffee Works Townsville
What's Happening At Coffee Works
Getting Here
Roast & Post
Products
How To Order Online
Roast And Post
FAQ
Hot Tips
Coffee Of The Month
Gift Service
About Us
The Coffee Works Story
Our Gourmet
What We Do For You
Wholesale
Contact Us
Policies
Delivery Policy
After ordering, you will receive an email confirmation from coffeeworks.com.au containing your order details. We will normally confirm receipt of your order within a few minutes of ordering. We will then Roast and Post your order via Australian Air Express, Australia Post or Fastway couriers within 2 working days of placing your order.
Refund Policy
If for any reason you are not completely satisfied with your purchase we will give you a 7 day money back guarantee from the time you receive the goods. Please contact us within that time if you are not satisfied with your purchase so that we can resolve any problems. This refund offer does not apply to goods which have been used or damaged after delivery, or if any attempt has been made to alter the product or if it has been dropped or broken. Coffee, Chocolate and Liqueur products must be returned with at least 80% of the product intact for assessment purposes. All other products must be returned in their original condition. All postage costs are to be paid by the buyer.
Melt Down Prevention Plan
Due to the perishable nature of chocolate, please nominate a delivery address that will have a person waiting to receive your parcel. Leaving it in the sun is no fun. We pack and arrange safe delivery to your door. Protection from sun or heat at your delivery address is your responsibility.
Security Policy
Sensitive data such as your personal details, account password and credit card information are transferred to our servers using 256-bit SSL encryption. All passwords are stored using non-reversible encryption to ensure that not even our staff can view customer passwords. Credit card details are collected by our servers where they will be validated before being sent directly to the payment gateway over a secure connection (256-bit SSL). Credit Card information is not stored anywhere on our servers (excluding a truncated copy of your credit card number containing only the last 4 digits). All credit card transactions and transaction attempts are logged. This website takes advantage of browser cookies to remember customers and visitors upon returning to the website. These cookies do not contain any personally identifiable information. Security mechanisms have been implemented to help prevent cookie stealing, and as a result, session stealing.
Consumer Data/Privacy Statement?
Privacy Statement
INFORMATION
New Arrivals
Coffee of the Month
Bestsellers
Our Stores
Contact Us
Subscribe Newsletter
MY ACCOUNT
Overview
My Account
My Orders
My Statistics
FOLLOW US
Facebook
CONTACT US
info@coffeeworks.com.au
STORE INFORMATION
Mareeba
136 Mason StMareeba, Queensland 4880Australia
Facebook
Cairns
46 Spence StreetCairns, Queensland 4870Australia
Facebook
Port Douglas
Shop 5, 32 Macrossan StreetPort Douglas, Queensland 4877Australia
Facebook
Townsville
Gregory Street(Beside The Allen Hotel)Townsville, Queensland 4810Australia
Facebook
Rusty's Markets
Sheridan StreetCairns, Queensland 4870Australia
Atherton
21 Main St
Atherton, Queensland 4883
Australia
Facebook
© 2020 COFFEE WORKS
Policies
Privacy statement
POWERED BY NetTrac ®