http://coffeebean.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Store Locator
Find a Store
FREE Etched Mug with Online Purchase
Site Terms
Terms of Use
Gift Card Terms
Privacy Policy
ADA Compliance
Student Discount
Affiliates
California Supply Chain Act
Proposition 65
User Generated Terms and Conditions
Customer Care
Contact Us
Returns
Shipping
FAQ's
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last revised and effective January 2020
We respect your privacy.
International Coffee & Tea, LLC d/b/a The Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf® (“Company”, "we" or “us”) maintains coffeebean.com, and this Privacy Policy (“Policy”) applies to information we collect when you use our websites, mobile applications and other online products and services (collectively, the “Services”) or when you otherwise interact with us.  This Policy does not apply to websites or services that are not owned by us and are operated by third parties.
This policy applies to all users accessing our website and may be modified from time to time. If our information practices change, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of the Policy and, in some cases, we may provide you with additional notice, such as adding a statement to our homepage or sending you an email notification.  We encourage you to review the Policy whenever you access the Services or otherwise interact with us to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy.
Information We Collect
Information You Provide to Us
We collect information you provide directly to us.  For example, we may collect personal information from you such as your name, email address postal address, phone number, credit card number, gender, day and month of birth, personal interests, and other such information when you visit our website, place an order online or by phone, contact us with a question or participate in a contest, promotion or survey. We maintain a record of your product interests and the purchases you make online or by phone or in-store.
We have a legitimate interest in providing account related functionalities to our users as well as receiving, and acting upon, your feedback or issues. Accounts can be used for easy checkout and to save your preferences and transaction history.  We also have a legitimate interest in contacting our clients and communicating with them concerning normal business administration such as projects, services, and billing. If you participate in a promotion or survey, we have a legitimate interest in using this information to operate the survey and to understand your preferences
Information We Collect Automatically When You Use the Services
We may combine all of this information with information about you that we acquire from our marketing partners or unrelated third parties. When you access or use our Services, we automatically collect certain information, including, but not limited to:
Transaction Information:  When you place an order or make a purchase, we collect information about the transaction, such as the items ordered, the transaction amount, the payment information, the delivery address, and the order date. We use your information to perform our contract to provide you with products or services.
Log Information:  We collect log information about your access and use of our website, such as your domain name, the type of browser you use, access times, pages viewed, your IP address and the page you visited before navigating to our Services. We have a legitimate interest in monitoring our networks and the visitors to our websites.  Among other things, it helps us understand which of our services is the most popular.
Device Information:  We collect information about the computer or mobile device you use to access our Services, such as the hardware model, operating system and version, unique device identifiers, mobile network information, and browsing behavior. We have a legitimate interest in identifying unique visitors and understanding how users interact with us on their devices.
Location Information:  We may collect information about the precise location of your device or computer each time you access or use our mobile applications, websites, or otherwise consent to the collection of this information.  For more details, please see "Your Choices" below. We have a legitimate interest in understanding our users and providing tailored services.  In some contexts our use is also based upon your consent to provide us with geo location information.
Information Collected by Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies: We and our service providers use various technologies, including cookies and web beacons, to collect information about you and your interaction with our Services, including information about your browsing and purchase behavior, Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive or in device memory that help us improve our Services and your experience on these Services, see which areas and features of our Services are popular and count visits. Web beacons are electronic images that may be used in our Services or emails and help deliver cookies, count visits and understand usage and campaign effectiveness.  For more information about cookies, and how to disable them, please see "Your Choices" below.   We have a legitimate interest in making sure our website operates efficiently, engaging in behavior-based advertising, and capturing website analytics.
Information We Collect From Other Sources
We may also receive information about you from other sources, including third parties, business partners, our affiliates, or publicly available sources, and link or combine that with information we collect about you.  For example, if you create or log into your account through a social media site or if you associate your social media account with your Company account or with your employment application with us, we will have access to certain information from that site, such as your name, account information and friends lists, in accordance with the authorization procedures determined by such social media site.
Use of Information
In addition to the purposes and uses described above, we use information in the following ways:
Provide, maintain and improve our Services, including your in-store and online ordering experience;
Provide and deliver the products and services you request, process orders, transactions and send you related information, including confirmations and receipts;
Send you technical notices, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages;
Investigate and prevent fraudulent transactions and other illegal activities;
Respond to your comments, questions, requests and provide customer service;
Communicate with you about products, services, offers, promotions, rewards, and events offered by us and others, and provide news and information we think will be of interest to you (for information about how to manage promotional communications, please see “Your Choices” below);
Monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities in connection with our Services;
Personalize and improve the Services and provide advertisements, content or features that match user profiles or interests;
Process and deliver contest and promotion entries and rewards;
Link or combine with information we get from others to help understand your needs and provide you with better service;
Assess and respond to employment applications; and
Carry out any other purpose for which the information was collected.
Company is based in the United States and the information we collect is governed by U.S. law.  By accessing or using the Services or otherwise providing information to us, you consent to the processing and transfer of information in and to the U.S. and other countries, where you may not have the same rights as you do under local law.  Where this is the case, we will take appropriate measures to protect information about you in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Information We Share
We may share information about you with third parties for the following purposes or as otherwise described in this Policy:
With third-party vendors, consultants and other service providers who need access to such information to carry out work on our behalf;
In response to a request for information if we believe disclosure is in accordance with any applicable law, regulation or legal process, or as otherwise required by any applicable law, rule or regulation;
If we believe your actions are inconsistent with our user agreements or policies, or to protect the rights, property and safety of Company or others;
In connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company; and
With your consent or at your direction.
We may also share aggregated or de-identified information, which cannot reasonably be used to identify you.
Social Sharing
The Services may offer social sharing features and other integrated tools (such as the Facebook "Like" button), which let you share actions you take on our Services with other media, and vice versa. Your use of such features enables the sharing of information with your friends or the public, depending on the settings you establish with the entity that provides the social sharing feature.  For more information about the purpose and scope of data collection and processing in connection with social sharing features, please visit the privacy policies of the entities that provide these features.
Advertising and Analytics Services Provided by Others
We may allow others to serve advertisements on our behalf across the Internet and to provide analytics services.  These entities may use cookies, web beacons and other technologies to collect information about your use of the Services and other websites, including your IP address, web browser, pages viewed, time spent on pages, links clicked and conversion information.  This information may be used by Company and others to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests on our Services and other websites and better understand your online activity.   For more information about interest-based ads, or to opt out of having your web browsing information used for behavioral advertising purposes, please visit www.aboutads.info/choices.
We may also work with third parties to serve you ads as part of a customized campaign on third-party platforms (such as Facebook or Twitter).  As part of these ad campaigns, we may convert information about you, such as your email address and phone number, into a unique value that can be matched with a user account on these platforms to allow us to learn about your interests and to serve you advertisements customized to your interests.  Note that the third-party platforms may offer you choices about whether you see these types of customized advertisements.
Your Choices
Access To Your Personal Information: You may request access to your personal information by contacting us at the address described below. If required by law, upon request, we will grant you reasonable access to the personal information that we have about you. Note that California residents may be entitled to ask us for a notice describing what categories of personal information (if any) we share with third parties or affiliates for direct marketing.  EU residents may be entitled to request a copy of your information in a portable format.
Deletion Of Your Personal Information:  Typically we retain your personal information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this policy, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.  You may request that we delete your personal information by contacting us at the address described below.  If required by law we will grant a request to delete information, but you should note that in many situations we must keep your personal information to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, enforce our agreements, or for another one of our business purposes.
Online Tracking:  Some website browsers have a “Do Not Tack” technology that transmits “Do Not Track” header to the websites you visit with information indicating that you do not want to be tracked.  We currently do not respond to website browser “Do Not Track” signals.
Promotional Emails: We want to communicate with you online if you want to hear from us. If you prefer not to receive promotional information, such as information about special offers and sales events, you can let us know by "unsubscribing" from any email communication or modifying your account. Additionally, you may contact us at 1.800.832.5323.
Request correction of the personal information that we hold about you: You can review and change personal information related to your use of our website (such as your name and contact information). To access your information, simply sign-in to your account using your email address and password, and you will be able to edit your personal information in your account profile.  Note that we may keep historical information in our backup files as permitted by law.
Object to processing of your personal information: You may object to our use of your personal information by contacting us at the address described below.
Revocation Of Consent: In most situations our processing is not based upon your consent.  That said, if we rely on your consent to process your personal information, you may revoke your consent to such processing
Please address written requests and questions about your rights to info@coffeebean.com or call us at 1-800-832-5323. You may submit a copy of the personal information that we hold about you through our online portal.
Note that, as required by law, we will require you to prove your identity.  We may conduct an identity verification by phone call or email. Depending on your request, we will ask for information such as your name, your email address, and your zip code. We may also ask you to provide a signed declaration confirming your identity. Following a request, we will use reasonable efforts to supply, correct or delete personal information about you in our files.
In some circumstances, you may designate an authorized agent to submit requests to exercise certain privacy rights on your behalf.  We will require verification that you provided the authorized agent permission to make a request on your behalf.  You must provide us with a copy of the signed permission you have given to the authorized agent to submit the request on your behalf and verify your own identity directly with us.
If you are an authorized agent submitting a request on behalf of an individual you must attach a copy of the following information to the request:
A completed Authorized Agent Designation Form indicating that you have authorization to act on the consumer’s behalf.
If you are a business, proof that you are registered with the Secretary of State to conduct business in California.
If we do not receive both pieces of information, the request will be denied.
Tracking Technologies
Our website uses "cookies," which are small data files that are stored on your computer when you visit a website. Cookies enable you to shop on our website and may be used in a variety of ways to enhance or personalize your online browsing and shopping and email communication experience. We also use cookies to help determine which of our ads are shown to you on other websites.
You can set your browser not to accept cookies or to notify you when you are sent a cookie, giving you the opportunity to decide whether or not to accept it. If you do not accept cookies, however, you will not be able to access your account information or make purchases on our websites.
Account Information
You may update, correct or delete information about yourself at any time by logging into your Company account. Please note, however, that we may retain certain information that you provide through our Services as required by law or for legitimate business purposes. We also may retain cached or archived copies of information about you for a certain period of time.
Security
We take reasonable measures, including administrative, technical, and physical safeguards, to protect information about you from loss, theft, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. In the event that we are required by law to inform you of a breach to your personal information we may notify you electronically, in writing, or by telephone, if permitted to do so by law.
Your California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Sections 1798.115(c), 1798.130(a)(5)(c), 1798.130(c), and 1798.140 indicate that organizations should disclose whether certain categories of information are collected, “sold” or transferred for an organization’s “business purpose”(as those terms are defined under California law).  We do not sell your personal information. You can find a list of the categories of information that we collect and share here. Please note that because this list is comprehensive it may refer to types of information that we share about people other than yourself. If you would like more information concerning the categories of personal information (if any) we share with third parties or affiliates for those parties to use for direct marketing please submit a written request to us using the information in the "Contact Information" section below.  We do not discriminate against California residents who exercise any of their rights described in this Privacy Policy.
Contacting Us
For questions about this Policy, to make choices about receiving promotional communications, to update your personal information or to place an order, you can contact us at:
1.800.832.5323.
info@coffeebean.com
If you are not satisfied with our response, and are in the European Union, you have a right to lodge a complaint with your local supervisory authority.
This Privacy Policy may be accessed using your browser’s audio readers.
The Coffee Bean®
Rewards
Go To Rewards Site
We're sorry but the browser you are using is not officially supported...
This site utilizes modern browsing standards, for the best experience we recommend using one of the following browsers:
Chrome
Safari
Firefox
Edge
If you do not have access to a modern browser you may dismiss this message, however not all features will be available.