https://coins.HA.com/c/privacy.zx#cookies
Skip to main content
Go to accessibility notice
Home
/
All Coins
HA.com may not function well in your browser, so we recommend upgrading to the current version of one of these supported browsers:
Edge
Chrome
Firefox
Safari
×
Heritage Auctions Privacy Policy
Consumer Protection
Heritage Rare Coin Galleries and Heritage Numismatic Auctions, Inc. are committed to providing our
customers with excellent service and we feel you can be very confident in our ability to resolve any
dispute or problem. We believe that the PNG (Professional Numismatists Guild) offers the best consumer
protection available today to the coin collector and investor. Our long-time membership and support
of the PNG is just another example of our commitment to our customers.
The Professional Numismatists Guild
Established 1955
PNG is a non-profit organization of the country's top rare coin and paper money experts, dedicated to
today's collector and investor.
PNG Mission
The Professional Numismatists Guild seeks the establishment and the maintenance of a harmonious
atmosphere in which all who participate as amateur or professional numismatists will derive the pleasure
and profit they seek, giving an equal measure of satisfaction in the process.
Buying from a PNG Dealer
Perhaps most important, the Professional Numismatists Guild gives rare coin investors and collectors a
number of protections not found with other collectibles. A coin dealer must pass a background check,
meet financial requirements, and obtain the approval of his peers to become a member. To remain a PNG
member, a dealer must conform to a strict Code of Ethics.
Disclosure requirements exceed those in any other collectibles area and are more stringent than the federal
government's requirements for tangible asset investments. In the event of a dispute, a member must abide by
binding PNG arbitration, which is swift, unbiased, and inexpensive.
All collectibles investments are risky, but only in the rare coin business have dealers joined together-through
the Professional Numismatists Guild-to protect the interests of collectors and investors.
The Professional Numismatists Guild
3950 Concordia Lane
Fallbrook, CA 92028
(760) 728-1300 | FAX (760) 728-8507
Executive Director: Robert Brueggeman
At Heritage Auctions, the privacy of our clients and other website visitors is of the utmost importance. Heritage Auctions strives to gain and maintain the trust of our consignors, sellers, bidders, and buyers by continually protecting identities and holding information in confidence. All information you provide us when using Heritage Auctions websites is held in confidence, except as herein noted.
As we update and expand our services, this privacy policy may change to better serve everyone. Heritage Auctions does not typically send notifications of changes to our privacy policy, so please check back periodically for updates, and feel free to contact us at any time with questions or suggestions regarding this policy.
Who is responsible for your data?
What personal information do we collect, when, and why?
How does Heritage Auctions use your information?
With whom does Heritage Auctions share your information?
What are cookies, and how are they used?
How do we ensure the protection of your personal information?
How long will your personal data be retained?
Reviewing and changing your information
Do Not Track notice and disclosure
Additional information for European Union residents
Additional information for California residents
Questions, Concerns, and Complaints
Glossary
Who is responsible for your data?
The controller is Heritage Auctions, in the U.S. of 2801 W. Airport Freeway, Dallas, TX, 75261-4127, United States.
If you access HA.com from the European Union, then the representative is Heritage Auctions UK Limited of 6 Shepherd Street, London, Mayfair W1J 7JE.
What personal information do we collect, when, and why?
When you visit Heritage Auctions Sites, we will not collect your name, address, telephone number or email address without your consent.
We collect any and/or all of the following, and store the data at our operations centers, including but not limited to those in the United States.
Consult the glossary found later in this policy to learn more about terms used in this section.
Examples of Personal Information we collect and when we collect it
(This list is not exhaustive)
Purpose
Legal Basis for Processing
• Our registration process collects your Name, Email Address, billing and/or shipping addresses,
Telephone number(s), and payment details like Credit Card Number, eCheck, or other payment/validation method.
To provide you with requested services to participate in auctions conducted by Heritage Auctions.
Performance of a contract
• Our surveys and contests collect your name, email address, address, telephone number,
and information about your collecting and selling habits and interests.
To provide you with details about upcoming auctions, events and other Heritage Auctions services that might interest you.
Legitimate Interests
• We automatically record your IP address, session duration, transaction data, the order and addresses of the pages you visit,
and in most cases the data that you enter on those pages.
To improve the navigation, functionality, and general service that our website provides.
Legitimate Interests
• The data obtained from cookies, web logs, and other similar technologies that monitor the use of our website.
• To monitor the performance of our website and make your user experience better.
• To deliver more appropriate advertisements on our website and other websites.
Legitimate Interests
• Our credit application collects your Name, Home Address, Home Phone, Employment Information, and References
To know our clients and prevent fraud.
Legitimate Interests
• Your complaints, opinions, responses to our surveys or market research.
• Your phone recording when you call Heritage Auctions’ Client Services or use our telephone bidding services.
To monitor your use of our services, train our staff and improve your client or user experience.
Legitimate Interests
CCTV captures your images when you visit or conduct business at our premises or attend our auction events at various locations.
To keep you, our staff, property we sell, property on our premises, and auction event premises secure.
• Legitimate Interests
• Public Interest
Our automated and manual processes aggregate personally identifiable information related to your information you provided to us directly
and through third-party vendors (such as name and address, wealth and creditworthiness), together with web activity history,
transactional history, survey data, and other data sources.
To improve our service, provide personalized experiences (through our sales staff, client services staff, accounting, shipping, as well as print
and digital channels), focus our marketing efforts, manage our fraud risks, establish credit limits, and other similar goals to further our business.
Legitimate Interests
By submitting personally identifiable information, you agree, without limitation or qualification, to this information
being used exclusively by Heritage Auctions and its authorized dealers for business purposes only. If you opt not to
provide us with personally identifiable information, you may be unable to receive specific communications on products
and company information or make full use of Site features.
How does Heritage Auctions use your information?
Heritage Auctions researches our clients' usage patterns and demographics based on the information provided to us during their experiences on our website. We do this to better understand our clients' needs and enhance our service. This information is compiled and analyzed for internal use.
Registration qualifies a user as a Heritage Auctions client, and, regardless of any regulation to the contrary, the user agrees, until this consent is revoked in writing, that Heritage Auctions may from time to time contact the user concerning sale and purchase opportunities available through Heritage Auctions.
Heritage Auctions collects and stores any login information you create in order to allow you to access your account
information and member features.
With whom does Heritage Auctions share your information?
All information is held in confidence by Heritage Auctions. We do not not trade, rent or sell your information,
including email addresses, to third parties nor do we provide it for any third party's general commercial usage.
Any information disseminated to parties external to Heritage Auctions is anonymous in nature - for example: the
prices realized for a particular auction may include the price paid for a lot.
We may disclose your personal data with our service providers to ensure the proper functioning of your requested services and Heritage Auctions business operations (for example, we may transmit your credit card information to our bank for enhanced data security and authentication). Before we do so, we shall take the necessary steps to ensure that your personal data will be given adequate protection, and our service providers will only use the information for purposes outlined in the “What personal information
do we collect, when, and why?” section.
We reserve the right to share information, when we deem appropriate, with third parties that are acting on proper legal authority (e.g. subpoenas), including police and governmental agencies. We respond to credit references initiated by you or in the trade. In such instances, we generally will verify whether you are a known client, the length of time you may have done business with us, and whether your account is in good standing.
What are cookies, and how are they used?
Cookie Settings
The Internet browser you use to view our site allows a small file called a "cookie" to be saved on your device. This cookie enables our Web server to recognize you as a first-time or repeat client, and may include information such as your User Name so you do not have to re-enter it every time you visit. We also use cookies to provide customized and personalized services to you. Your browser does allow you to turn off or warn you about cookies from our site and from any other websites. Cookies do not allow us to
know anything about your surfing habits on other websites. They simply tell us about your surfing habits on our website.
Heritage Auctions may allow certain third parties contracted by Heritage Auctions, such as analytics partners, advertising technology partners, and other partners, to use cookies and/or include web beacons on HA.com web pages for purposes related to those specific partner services. These cookies and web beacons may include your IP address, but do not include any Personally Identifiable Information (“PII”).
NOTE: Heritage Auctions operates under US law. At this time, no US court has ruled that an IP address is PII. Therefore, as it relates to our data gathering and usage activities and the data gathering and usage activities of our third party partners, Heritage Auctions does not consider IP address to be personally identifiable information, as this data is not used in that context. We understand that some entities and individuals outside the US do consider IP address to be PII, and we therefore disclose these
practices.
How do we ensure the protection of your personal information?
Heritage Auctions maintains reasonable physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect the security and integrity of all Personal Information provided to us. Heritage Auctions limits access to personal information about you to those employees who we reasonably believe need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you in order to do their jobs.
In the interest of privacy and security, we automatically expire your session when a specific period goes by without activity. Heritage Auctions takes reasonable precautions - including administrative, technical, and physical measures - to safeguard your personal information against loss, theft, and misuse, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction.
How long will your personal data be retained?
We will retain your personal information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in the “What personal information do we collect, when, and why?” section and to satisfy any legal, accounting, regulatory, or reporting requirements.
Reviewing and changing your information
Heritage Auctions has safeguards in place to keep your personal information accurate, complete, and up-to-date for the purposes for which it is used. Naturally, you always have the right to access and correct the personal information you have provided. You can help us ensure that your contact information and preferences are accurate, complete, and up-to-date by going to your My Profile page.
For any personally identifiable information that cannot be updated via your My Profile page, please make a request to have it changed, if needed, using the contact information listed later in this policy.
Do Not Track notice and disclosure
Heritage Auctions does not currently respond to Web browser “do not track” signals and similar signals as providers of these signals do not currently operate according to common, industry-accepted standards. However, as stated earlier in this policy, your browser provides tools to allow you to change your privacy and security settings. For instructions, consult your browser’s Help menu.
Heritage Auctions does not knowingly allow other parties to collect personally identifiable information about an individual consumer’s online activities over time and across different websites when a consumer uses our websites and services.
For more information on Do Not Track, visit allaboutdnt.com.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION FOR EUROPEAN UNION RESIDENTS WHO USE HERITAGE AUCTIONS SITES AND APPS
Subject Access Requests
If you are a resident of the European Union, you have the right to make a “subject access request” You can request that Heritage Auctions provide a copy of the information we hold about you, correct it, erase it, object or restrict the processing of it, and transfer it to another organization. You also have the right to object to direct marketing.
If you want to exercise any of the above rights with respect to your personal data, please make your request by email to Privacy@HA.com.
Heritage Auctions will always verify the identity of anyone making a subject access request before handing over any information. In the event Heritage Auctions refuses your request under rights of access, we will provide you with a reason as to why, which you have the right to legally challenge.
Transfer of Information to the United States
Heritage Auctions is based in the United States and, under normal business operations, your data will reside on servers located in the United States.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS WHO USE HERITAGE AUCTIONS SITES AND APPS
If you are resident of California, you have the right to request, update, or delete certain personal information from a business with whom you have an established business relationship. This includes personal information the business shares with third parties for direct marketing purposes by such third party and the identities of the third parties with whom the business has shared such information during the immediately preceding calendar year.
If you want to exercise these rights with respect to your personal data, please make your request by email to Privacy@HA.com.
Heritage Auctions will always verify the identity of anyone making a subject access request before handing over any information. In the event Heritage Auctions refuses your request under rights of access, we will provide you with a reason as to why, which you have the right to legally challenge.
Questions, Concerns, and Complaints
If you have any questions, concerns, or complaints relating to the processing of your personal data, please contact us at Privacy@HA.com or 866-835-3243 or by writing us at the following address:
Heritage Auctions
PO Box 619999
Dallas, TX 75261-6199
You may raise a complaint with the relevant supervisory authority if you believe Heritage Auctions infringed applicable data privacy laws when processing your personal data. This right is without prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedy you might have.
Glossary
Data Controller: The person or entity who determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal data are, or are to be, processed.
Legitimate Interests: Processing is necessary for our or a third party’s legitimate interests in carrying on, managing, and administering our respective businesses effectively and properly (except where our or the third party’s interests are overridden by your own interests, rights, and freedoms).
Performance of a contract: A lawful basis where processing of data is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party, or in order to take steps at your request to entering into a contract.
Personal Data: Any data relating to an identified or identifiable individual; an identifiable person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly. This can include names, email addresses, home address, credit applications, user account information, and correspondence to and from an individual.
Processing: Any operation performed on personal data, such as collection, recording, storage and retrieval, use, combining it with other data, transmission, disclosure, or deletion.
Public Interest: Processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest.
Privacy policy last updated on and effective as of 23 December 2019.
Floor auctions
Open for bidding: (View All)
Comics & Comic ArtEnds on 12/11/2020
Sports CollectiblesEnds on 12/11/2020
Fine & Rare WineEnds on 12/11/2020
Decorative ArtEnds on 12/11/2020
Comics & Comic ArtEnds on 12/11/2020
Jewelry & TimepiecesEnds on 12/11/2020
US CoinsEnds on 12/15/2020
Rare BooksEnds on 12/16/2020
Fine ArtEnds on 12/16/2020
CurrencyEnds on 12/17/2020
World & Ancient CoinsEnds on 12/18/2020
US CoinsEnds on 12/22/2020
CurrencyEnds on 12/30/2020
US CoinsEnds on 01/03/2021
US CoinsEnds on 01/08/2021
Coming soon:
Fine ArtOpens about 12/16/2020
Jewelry & TimepiecesOpens about 12/23/2020
Fine ArtOpens about 12/23/2020
PhotographyOpens about 12/23/2020
Comics & Comic ArtOpens about 12/23/2020
Decorative ArtOpens about 12/23/2020
US CoinsOpens about 12/16/2020
CurrencyOpens about 12/21/2020
US CoinsOpens about 12/18/2020
CurrencyOpens about 12/18/2020
Fine ArtOpens about 12/30/2020
World & Ancient CoinsOpens about 12/28/2020
CurrencyOpens about 12/18/2020
US CoinsOpens about 12/22/2020
Sports CollectiblesOpens about 12/31/2020
World & Ancient CoinsOpens about 12/27/2020
CurrencyOpens about 12/28/2020
Decorative ArtOpens about 01/07/2021
Sports CollectiblesOpens about 01/07/2021
US CoinsOpens about 12/22/2020
Fine ArtOpens about 01/13/2021
Jewelry & TimepiecesOpens about 01/22/2021
Luxury AccessoriesOpens about 01/18/2021
All Internet Auctions
Heritage membership
Join Now - It's Free
VIEW BENEFITS
Past Auction Values (prices, photos, full descriptions, etc.)
Bid online
Free Collector newsletter
Want List with instant e-mail notifications
Reduced auction commissions when you resell your
winnings
Subscribe to Free Announcements:
By submitting this form, you agree to receive emails and the use of your personal information as described
in our Privacy Policy. Edit
preferences later in My Profile.
Consign now
Cash Advances
More Bidders
Trusted Experts
Over 200,000 Satisfied Consignors Since 1976
E-mail David Mayfield or call
1-800-872-6467 x1277
Only 45 days left to consign to the 2021 March 25 - 26 The Paramount Collection World Coins Platinum Night Auction - Dallas!
Learn about consigning with us
The sale of some of my collection was an
easy process, especially with your help. Heritage Auctions provides collectors a reliable service and is a useful way to manage their collections.
View More Testimonials
HA.com receives more traffic than any other auction house website. (Source: Similarweb.com)
Video tutorial
Getting the most out of search
Hall of fame
Why Choose Heritage?
What are my Coins Worth?
Coin Beginners Price Guide
Numismatists Price Guide
Gold Price Guide
Search Auction Archives
Inquire About Selling
Learn About Selling & Valuing Your Collection
Free Auction Appraisal
Contact a Specialist
Auction Schedule
Register to Bid
My Wantlist
My Wantlist Matches
Set up My Wantlist
Browse Auction Items
Browse Buy Now Items
Catalog and Book Orders
How to Bid/Buy
All Bidding Resources
Bidding before the live auction
Bidding with Heritage Live!
Three Things to know about Heritage Live!
Heritage Live! Frequently Asked Questions
Bidding Guidelines
Increasing your bids
Using Bid Protection
Bidding Between Increments
Batch Bidding
Reserve Status
Tracking Lots
Why am I being outbid immediately?
How To "Make an Offer"
Meet Our Experts
All Departments
Art & Antiques
All Art & Antiques
American, Texas, Western, California Art
Animation Art
Asian Art
Design
Ethnographic Art: American Indian, Pre-Columbian & Tribal
European Art
Fine Minerals
Furniture & Decorative Arts
Illustration Art
Tiffany, Lalique & Art Glass
All Modern & Contemporary Art
Modern & Contemporary Art
Prints & Multiples
Urban Art
Nature & Science
Photographs
Silver & Vertu
Books & Historical Manuscripts
All Books & Historical Manuscripts
Books
Historical Manuscripts
Judaica
Coins, Currency & Stamps
All Coins
US Coins
World & Ancient Coins
All Currency
US Currency
Rare World Paper Money
Stamps
Comics, Comic Art & Animation Art
All Comics, Comic Art & Animation Art
Comics & Comic Art
Illustration Art
Animation Art
Video Games
Domain Names & Intellectual Property
Entertainment, Music & Posters
All Entertainment, Music & Posters
Entertainment & Music
Vintage Guitars & Musical Instruments
Movie Posters
Animation Art
Video Games
Historical
All Historical
Americana & Political
Civil War, Militaria, Arms & Armor
Automobilia
Ethnographic Art: American Indian, Pre-Columbian & Tribal
Rare Books
Historical Manuscripts
Judaica
Space Exploration
Texana
Jewelry, Timepieces & Luxury Accessories
All Jewelry, Timepieces & Luxury Accessories
Jewelry
Timepieces
Luxury Accessories
Movie Posters
Nature & Science
All Nature & Science
Fine Minerals
Meteorites
Real Estate
Sports
Wine
Charity Auctions
Meet Our Experts
Free Auction Appraisal
Paid Appraisal Services
Trusts and Estates
Expert Witness Services
Charity Services
Museum & Institutional Services
Corporate Art Services
International Offices
France
Germany
Hong Kong
London
Spain
Research Auction Archives
Research Make Offer to Owner Archive
Heritage Articles
Meet Our Experts
Coin Resources
Auction Schedule
How to Bid/Buy
All Bidding Resources
Bidding Tutorial
What is Heritage Live!®?
Three Things to Know About Heritage Live!
Heritage Live! Frequently Asked Questions
Increasing your Bids
Using Bid Protection
Bidding Guidelines and Bid Increments
How To "Make an Offer"
Batch Bidding - Multiple Bids with a Single Click
Tracking Lots
Why am I being outbid immediately?
Add Calendar Reminder
How to Consign
Search Tips
What is Guided Navigation?
How do I start my search?
How do I narrow my search?
How do I expand my search?
Guided Navigation Video Tutorial
Information Archives
Glossary
Coin Grading Tutorial
Estate Planning for Collectors
Trusts and Estates
Appraisal Services
Expert Witness Services
Our Best Stories Told Through Video
About Us
Careers
Intern Program
Plan a Visit to Heritage
Media/Public Relations
Charity Services
Contact Us
About Consigning
Meet our Experts
Feedback
Report a Problem
Order our Auction Catalogs
Bidding Tutorial
Website Tips
Privacy Policy
Cookie Notice
Website Use Agreement
SMS Terms & Conditions
Accessibility Notice
Sitemap
Beverly Hills
Chicago
Dallas
Europe
France
Germany
Hong Kong
London
New York City
Palm Beach
San Francisco
Spain
My Heritage Summary
My Bids
My Tracked Lots
My Profile
Sign-in Credentials
Communication Preferences
Text Messages
eCheck Information
Credit Card Information
Contact Information
Refine Your Interests
My Consignments
My Wantlist
My Orders
My Collection
Art & Antiques
Coins
Comics
Currency
Entertainment & Music
Historical
Jewelry, Timepieces & Luxury Accessories
Movie Posters
Sports
Wine
My Offers to Owners
My Buy Now Items
My Auction Archives
My Catalogs
Catalog Orders
Greetings