https://coinsofamerica.com/policies-terms/
Home
Policies & Terms
Policies & Terms
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment
Coins of America is committed to providing you art, history and value!  We use quality photography and portrait art to create stunning and colorful products.  Many of our products include historic information related to the person or place commemorated on the coin and our team of professional writers provides accurate details on each piece.  We strive to offer quality products at an affordable price.  Coins of America also cares about your safety.  We use secure data encryption to protect your personal information.  We also partner with Authorize.net, PayPal and Google Checkout to provide safe and secure checkout, ensuring that your credit card data is protected!
Pricing Policy
Coins of America pricing is often dictated by market demands and replacement value of coins and products. Pricing is subject to change without notice. Occasionally a price may be shown as "Call for Price & Availability" indicating that this item's pricing is either unknown at the current time or is subject to change with market fluctuations.  In this case you can call customer service at 866-461-6812 or 262-375-7525 (Mon - Fri 8:00 am to 4:30 pm CST) for assistance.  Catalog pricing reflects prices at the time of publishing and are also subject to change. If you have any questions about the current price of an item please call before ordering.
Payment
Coins of America accepts the following forms of payment.
Credit Cards (MasterCard, VISA, Discover and American Express): Coins of America partners with Authorize.net to provide secure credit card transactions for our customers.  Funds are captured at the time an order is placed.  Should an order be changed after being placed, funds will be adjusted at that time via Authorize.net.
Checks/Money Orders: Checks & Money Orders can be mailed to: Coins of America | 1235 Dakota Dr Suite G, Grafton, WI 53024.  Please be sure to add your Web Order Number with your payment.  NOTE: All orders being placed using checks or money orders will be held for processing until all funds are approved from the issuing bank (up to 10 business days after payment has been received). Once funds are approved, Coins of America will ship the order.
PayPal & Google Checkout: Both payment methods are accepted for all in stock merchandise.  These payment methods are unavailable for pre-order products.
Offers and Discount Codes
Frequently Coins of America will publish Discount Codes or other offers. These codes need to be entered at the time of ordering on the shopping cart page. Deadlines and expiration of these codes is not always published. Percentage discounts are not valid on all items, including Gold Bullion items. Coins of America reserves the right to honor or deny all offers and discounts. Free shipping offers are limited to Continental U.S. shipments using USPS Best Way unless otherwise indicated.
Privacy
Please see our Privacy Policy page.
Shipping Terms
A real-time shipping charge will be added to all orders when they ship.  Retail orders for in-stock items usually ship within 1 business day; however, each product differs and the specific availability is given on the product page just below the item number.  All orders ship United States Postal Service or UPS Ground unless otherwise specified.  All "pre-ordered" are held for shipment until all products in the shipment are available.
Returns & Exchanges
Coins of America is committed to your satisfaction.  If for any reason you are not satisfied with your purchase, simply return it within 30 days of the date of invoice for a prompt exchange or refund.  Returns and exchanges can be mailed to: Coins of America | 1235 Dakota Drive Suite G, Grafton, WI 53024.  Please be sure to add your Invoice Number with your return.  Note:  For gold or silver, Coins of America honors the 30 day return policy, but refund and exchange amounts are subject to market fluctuation.  For specific questions, please call  or email customer service.
Phone
866-461-6812 (Mon - Fri 8:00 am to 4:30 pm CST)
262-375-7525 (Mon - Fri 8:00 am to 4:30 pm CST)
Email sales@coinsofamerica.com
International Orders
Coins of America welcomes international orders.  At the time of order placement, a real-time shipping rate will be applied to the order and transactions can be paid using any of our payment methods.  If you have specific questions, please call or email customer service.
Phone
866-461-6812 (Mon - Fri 8:00 am to 4:30 pm CST)
262-375-7525 (Mon - Fri 8:00 am to 4:30 pm CST)
Email sales@coinsofamerica.com
×