https://colorfulcritters.com/policies/
Search
Categories
Laurel Burch
All Laurel Burch
By the Year
All By the Year
LAUREL BURCH 2020
LAUREL BURCH 2019
LAUREL BURCH 2018
Clothing
All Clothing
LAUREL BURCH Shirts
LAUREL BURCH Scarves
LAUREL BURCH Socks
Travel
All Travel
LAUREL BURCH Handbags & Totes
LAUREL BURCH Handbag & Travel Accessories
LAUREL BURCH Umbrellas
LAUREL BURCH Cosmetic Bags
LAUREL BURCH Coin Purses
LAUREL BURCH Jewelry
All LAUREL BURCH Jewelry
Earrings
Bracelets
Necklaces
All Other
All All Other
LAUREL BURCH
Greeting Cards
LAUREL BURCH Journals Pads Books
LAUREL BURCH Other
Home + Garden
All Home + Garden
Kitchen
All Kitchen
Kitchen Hand Towels
Napkins
Mugs and Cups
Pot Holder
Magnets
Travel Mugs
Surface Saver
Indoor Living
All Indoor Living
Ornaments
Decorative Pillows
Floor Mats & Decor
Figurines
Signs + Wall Art
Office & Desk Decor
All Office & Desk Decor
Bookmarks
Greeting & Note Cards
Listpads + Notepads
Outdoor Decor
All Outdoor Decor
Garden Flags
House Flags
Welcome Mats
All Other
All All Other
Bathroom Decor
Home Bar Accessories
Creatures + Critters
All Creatures + Critters
Land Animals
All Land Animals
Cat Lover Gifts
Dog Lover Gifts
Horse Lover Gifts
Frogs
Bunnies
Marine Life
All Marine Life
Crabs
Dolphin
Fish
Octopus + Squid
Seahorse
Turtles
Whale
Mermaids
Aerial Animals
All Aerial Animals
Butterflies + Insects
Parrots
Pink Flamingo Lovers
All other Birds
Women's Fashion
All Women's Fashion
Apparel
All Apparel
Socks - Footwear
Handbag Accessories
Handbags - Purses
Jewelry Fashion
Traveling Accessories
All Traveling Accessories
Travel Tags
Theme
All Theme
Christmas
Flowers
Blossom Bucket
Pet Products
Other Items
Popular Brands
Sun N Sand
Vintage Sun N Sand
Leanin Tree
Laurel Burch
K Bell - Renfro
TDB Creative Designs
Dennis East
Chelsea
cape shore
Enesco
View All
Home
Policies
Policies
Shipping Policies
Our orders are shipped 1 business day - although we try to get most orders out the same day if placed by 1pm EST (business days only).
We may substitute (at no charge in shipping cost to you) a faster method of shipping, for example you choose Parcel Post, we may decide to ship by Priority or First Class or FedEx since these are faster. If you choose First Class we may ship by Parcel Select.
For US customers, our shopping cart will automatically figure the shipping charges based on your zip code, the total weight of the items in your cart, and the delivery method you select. You may view the shipping costs of the items in your cart, by clicking on the "View Cart" button and entering your zip code in the appropriate box.
For International customers, our shopping cart will automatically figure the shipping charges based on your country, the total weight of the items in your cart, and the delivery method you select. You may view the shipping costs of the items in your cart, by clicking on the clicking on the "Check Out" button, entering your shipping information, and clicking to go to the Next page. Your options and costs will be presented to you before you need to enter payment information.  We do not ship to all countries.  You will have to start the checkout process to see if your country is an option.
U.S. Shipping. We ship items in the United States by US Postal Service (and FedEx as needed), primarily using Priority or Parcel Post delivery. Your options will be presented to you during checkout. We list approximate delivery times below, however the postal service provides no guarantee of timely delivery. Once we turn a package over to the postal service, we will not be responsible for the delivery time.
Priority Mail - Arrives within 2 to 3 business days after shipping in most U.S. cities. Some outlying cities require more time. Please note that with the change in postal rates regarding Priority shipping dimensional charges, the Priority shipping amount shown in your shopping cart may not be sufficient to ship an oversize box. In that case, we will contact you before shipping.
Express Mail - Arrives within 1 - 2 days depending on when your order is received and shipped. We will package and ship Express orders within one business day. Overnight is not guaranteed, as it depends on your location.  USPS routinely requires a signature.
Parcel Post - Allow 10 or more business days for delivery, particularly if going to the West coast. It costs less, but it takes longer! (this option available only on heavier packages).
First Class - Arrives within 3-6 days after shipping to most areas in the US. This option will appear on the shipping page under the other options if you package weighs 12 ounces or less. Click on the link that reads, "Click here for rates" to see these special rates.
International shipping is limited. Orders for merchandise less than $25 may be cancelled.  First Class and Priority International mail is available. Express may be available to your country - Express costs more than other classes, but is the only form of mailing that provides insured shipping with tracking of packages. Our shopping cart automatically calculates international shipping charges. Simply add the items to your cart, start the check-out process, selecting your country.  Once you have entered your shipping address and before you enter any payment information, you will be presented with your shipping options and costs. You may then decide whether or not you would like to complete the transaction. International Countries we ship to - at this time we only ship to Australia, Germany, Virgin Islands US, & United Kingdom - if your country is not listed please contact us. Note we will do our best on international shipments, but the risk is on the buyer. Where possible we will include insurance. Also note if the shipping cost charged does not cover the actual cost, we may contact you for the extra cost.
Out of Stock Items:
Items in our store that show a add to cart button are in stock, otherwise it will only say view.  In the case of an inventory error, we will notify you of an out of stock status as soon as possible. If an item you'd like is shown as out of stock, it may mean it is on back order.  If you would like us to notify you for you when it arrives - Email us!
Disclaimers: We reserve the right to cancel and refund orders that contain website pricing errors. We will accept items with incorrect descriptions back for refund.  We reserve the right to cancel orders requesting shipment to people or areas known for or suspected of credit card fraud. Once we turn a package over to the postal service, we can not be responsible for the delivery time.
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy of ColorfulCritters.com
We have created this email privacy policy to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy and the protection of your information.
Why did you receive an email from us?
If you received a mailing from us, (a) your email address is either listed with us as someone who has expressly shared this address for the purpose of receiving information in the future ("opt-in"), or (b) you have registered or purchased or otherwise have an existing relationship with us. We respect your time and attention by controlling the frequency of our mailings.
How we protect your privacy
We use security measures to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of data used by our system.
Sharing and Usage
We do not give out your information!  We will never share, sell, or rent individual personal information with anyone without your advance permission or unless ordered by a court of law. Information submitted to us is only available to employees managing this information for purposes of contacting you or sending you emails based on your request for information or in response to your order.
How can you stop receiving email from us?
Each email newsletter sent contains an easy way for you to cease receiving email from us, or to change your expressed interests. If you wish to do this, simply follow the instructions at the end of the email.
Terms of Service
This website is operated by ColorfulCritters. Throughout the site, the terms “we”, “us” and “our” refer to ColorfulCritters. ColorfulCritters offers this website, including all information, tools and services available from this site to you, the user, conditioned upon your acceptance of all terms, conditions, policies and notices stated here.
By visiting our site and/ or purchasing something from us, you engage in our “Service” and agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions (“Terms of Service”, “Terms”), including those additional terms and conditions and policies referenced herein and/or available by hyperlink. These Terms of Service apply to all users of the site, including without limitation users who are browsers, vendors, customers, merchants, and/ or contributors of content.
Please read these Terms of Service carefully before accessing or using our website. By accessing or using any part of the site, you agree to be bound by these Terms of Service. If you do not agree to all the terms and conditions of this agreement, then you may not access the website or use any services. If these Terms of Service are considered an offer, acceptance is expressly limited to these Terms of Service.
Any new features or tools which are added to the current store shall also be subject to the Terms of Service. You can review the most current version of the Terms of Service at any time on this page. We reserve the right to update, change or replace any part of these Terms of Service by posting updates and/or changes to our website. It is your responsibility to check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of or access to the website following the posting of any changes constitutes acceptance of those changes.
Our store is hosted on Shopify Inc. They provide us with the online e-commerce platform that allows us to sell our products and services to you.
SECTION 1 - ONLINE STORE TERMS
By agreeing to these Terms of Service, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site.
You may not use our products for any illegal or unauthorized purpose nor may you, in the use of the Service, violate any laws in your jurisdiction (including but not limited to copyright laws).
You must not transmit any worms or viruses or any code of a destructive nature.
A breach or violation of any of the Terms will result in an immediate termination of your Services.
SECTION 2 - GENERAL CONDITIONS
We reserve the right to refuse service to anyone for any reason at any time.
You understand that your content (not including credit card information), may be transferred unencrypted and involve (a) transmissions over various networks; and (b) changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices. Credit card information is always encrypted during transfer over networks.
You agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit any portion of the Service, use of the Service, or access to the Service or any contact on the website through which the service is provided, without express written permission by us.
The headings used in this agreement are included for convenience only and will not limit or otherwise affect these Terms.
SECTION 3 - ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS AND TIMELINESS OF INFORMATION
We are not responsible if information made available on this site is not accurate, complete or current. The material on this site is provided for general information only and should not be relied upon or used as the sole basis for making decisions without consulting primary, more accurate, more complete or more timely sources of information. Any reliance on the material on this site is at your own risk.
This site may contain certain historical information. Historical information, necessarily, is not current and is provided for your reference only. We reserve the right to modify the contents of this site at any time, but we have no obligation to update any information on our site. You agree that it is your responsibility to monitor changes to our site.
SECTION 4 - MODIFICATIONS TO THE SERVICE AND PRICES
Prices for our products are subject to change without notice.
We reserve the right at any time to modify or discontinue the Service (or any part or content thereof) without notice at any time.
We shall not be liable to you or to any third-party for any modification, price change, suspension or discontinuance of the Service.
SECTION 5 - PRODUCTS OR SERVICES (if applicable)
Certain products or services may be available exclusively online through the website. These products or services may have limited quantities and are subject to return or exchange only according to our Return Policy.
We have made every effort to display as accurately as possible the colors and images of our products that appear at the store. We cannot guarantee that your computer monitor's display of any color will be accurate.
We reserve the right, but are not obligated, to limit the sales of our products or Services to any person, geographic region or jurisdiction. We may exercise this right on a case-by-case basis. We reserve the right to limit the quantities of any products or services that we offer. All descriptions of products or product pricing are subject to change at anytime without notice, at the sole discretion of us. We reserve the right to discontinue any product at any time. Any offer for any product or service made on this site is void where prohibited.
We do not warrant that the quality of any products, services, information, or other material purchased or obtained by you will meet your expectations, or that any errors in the Service will be corrected.
SECTION 6 - ACCURACY OF BILLING AND ACCOUNT INFORMATION
We reserve the right to refuse any order you place with us. We may, in our sole discretion, limit or cancel quantities purchased per person, per household or per order. These restrictions may include orders placed by or under the same customer account, the same credit card, and/or orders that use the same billing and/or shipping address. In the event that we make a change to or cancel an order, we may attempt to notify you by contacting the e-mail and/or billing address/phone number provided at the time the order was made. We reserve the right to limit or prohibit orders that, in our sole judgment, appear to be placed by dealers, resellers or distributors.
You agree to provide current, complete and accurate purchase and account information for all purchases made at our store. You agree to promptly update your account and other information, including your email address and credit card numbers and expiration dates, so that we can complete your transactions and contact you as needed.
For more detail, please review our Returns Policy.
SECTION 7 - OPTIONAL TOOLS
We may provide you with access to third-party tools over which we neither monitor nor have any control nor input.
You acknowledge and agree that we provide access to such tools ”as is” and “as available” without any warranties, representations or conditions of any kind and without any endorsement. We shall have no liability whatsoever arising from or relating to your use of optional third-party tools.
Any use by you of optional tools offered through the site is entirely at your own risk and discretion and you should ensure that you are familiar with and approve of the terms on which tools are provided by the relevant third-party provider(s).
We may also, in the future, offer new services and/or features through the website (including, the release of new tools and resources). Such new features and/or services shall also be subject to these Terms of Service.
SECTION 8 - THIRD-PARTY LINKS
Certain content, products and services available via our Service may include materials from third-parties.
Third-party links on this site may direct you to third-party websites that are not affiliated with us. We are not responsible for examining or evaluating the content or accuracy and we do not warrant and will not have any liability or responsibility for any third-party materials or websites, or for any other materials, products, or services of third-parties.
We are not liable for any harm or damages related to the purchase or use of goods, services, resources, content, or any other transactions made in connection with any third-party websites. Please review carefully the third-party's policies and practices and make sure you understand them before you engage in any transaction. Complaints, claims, concerns, or questions regarding third-party products should be directed to the third-party.
SECTION 9 - USER COMMENTS, FEEDBACK AND OTHER SUBMISSIONS
If, at our request, you send certain specific submissions (for example contest entries) or without a request from us you send creative ideas, suggestions, proposals, plans, or other materials, whether online, by email, by postal mail, or otherwise (collectively, 'comments'), you agree that we may, at any time, without restriction, edit, copy, publish, distribute, translate and otherwise use in any medium any comments that you forward to us. We are and shall be under no obligation (1) to maintain any comments in confidence; (2) to pay compensation for any comments; or (3) to respond to any comments.
We may, but have no obligation to, monitor, edit or remove content that we determine in our sole discretion are unlawful, offensive, threatening, libelous, defamatory, pornographic, obscene or otherwise objectionable or violates any party’s intellectual property or these Terms of Service.
You agree that your comments will not violate any right of any third-party, including copyright, trademark, privacy, personality or other personal or proprietary right. You further agree that your comments will not contain libelous or otherwise unlawful, abusive or obscene material, or contain any computer virus or other malware that could in any way affect the operation of the Service or any related website. You may not use a false e-mail address, pretend to be someone other than yourself, or otherwise mislead us or third-parties as to the origin of any comments. You are solely responsible for any comments you make and their accuracy. We take no responsibility and assume no liability for any comments posted by you or any third-party.
SECTION 10 - PERSONAL INFORMATION
Your submission of personal information through the store is governed by our Privacy Policy. To view our Privacy Policy, go to the bottom of this page and click the "Privacy Policy" link.
SECTION 11 - ERRORS, INACCURACIES AND OMISSIONS
Occasionally there may be information on our site or in the Service that contains typographical errors, inaccuracies or omissions that may relate to product descriptions, pricing, promotions, offers, product shipping charges, transit times and availability. We reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions, and to change or update information or cancel orders if any information in the Service or on any related website is inaccurate at any time without prior notice (including after you have submitted your order).
We undertake no obligation to update, amend or clarify information in the Service or on any related website, including without limitation, pricing information, except as required by law. No specified update or refresh date applied in the Service or on any related website, should be taken to indicate that all information in the Service or on any related website has been modified or updated.
SECTION 12 - PROHIBITED USES
In addition to other prohibitions as set forth in the Terms of Service, you are prohibited from using the site or its content: (a) for any unlawful purpose; (b) to solicit others to perform or participate in any unlawful acts; (c) to violate any international, federal, provincial or state regulations, rules, laws, or local ordinances; (d) to infringe upon or violate our intellectual property rights or the intellectual property rights of others; (e) to harass, abuse, insult, harm, defame, slander, disparage, intimidate, or discriminate based on gender, sexual orientation, religion, ethnicity, race, age, national origin, or disability; (f) to submit false or misleading information; (g) to upload or transmit viruses or any other type of malicious code that will or may be used in any way that will affect the functionality or operation of the Service or of any related website, other websites, or the Internet; (h) to collect or track the personal information of others; (i) to spam, phish, pharm, pretext, spider, crawl, or scrape; (j) for any obscene or immoral purpose; or (k) to interfere with or circumvent the security features of the Service or any related website, other websites, or the Internet. We reserve the right to terminate your use of the Service or any related website for violating any of the prohibited uses.
SECTION 13 - DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES; LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
We do not guarantee, represent or warrant that your use of our service will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free.
We do not warrant that the results that may be obtained from the use of the service will be accurate or reliable.
You agree that from time to time we may remove the service for indefinite periods of time or cancel the service at any time, without notice to you.
You expressly agree that your use of, or inability to use, the service is at your sole risk. The service and all products and services delivered to you through the service are (except as expressly stated by us) provided 'as is' and 'as available' for your use, without any representation, warranties or conditions of any kind, either express or implied, including all implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, merchantable quality, fitness for a particular purpose, durability, title, and non-infringement.
In no case shall ColorfulCritters, our directors, officers, employees, affiliates, agents, contractors, interns, suppliers, service providers or licensors be liable for any injury, loss, claim, or any direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, special, or consequential damages of any kind, including, without limitation lost profits, lost revenue, lost savings, loss of data, replacement costs, or any similar damages, whether based in contract, tort (including negligence), strict liability or otherwise, arising from your use of any of the service or any products procured using the service, or for any other claim related in any way to your use of the service or any product, including, but not limited to, any errors or omissions in any content, or any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of the service or any content (or product) posted, transmitted, or otherwise made available via the service, even if advised of their possibility. Because some states or jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or the limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, in such states or jurisdictions, our liability shall be limited to the maximum extent permitted by law.
SECTION 14 - INDEMNIFICATION
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless ColorfulCritters and our parent, subsidiaries, affiliates, partners, officers, directors, agents, contractors, licensors, service providers, subcontractors, suppliers, interns and employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, made by any third-party due to or arising out of your breach of these Terms of Service or the documents they incorporate by reference, or your violation of any law or the rights of a third-party.
SECTION 15 - SEVERABILITY
In the event that any provision of these Terms of Service is determined to be unlawful, void or unenforceable, such provision shall nonetheless be enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, and the unenforceable portion shall be deemed to be severed from these Terms of Service, such determination shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any other remaining provisions.
SECTION 16 - TERMINATION
The obligations and liabilities of the parties incurred prior to the termination date shall survive the termination of this agreement for all purposes.
These Terms of Service are effective unless and until terminated by either you or us. You may terminate these Terms of Service at any time by notifying us that you no longer wish to use our Services, or when you cease using our site.
If in our sole judgment you fail, or we suspect that you have failed, to comply with any term or provision of these Terms of Service, we also may terminate this agreement at any time without notice and you will remain liable for all amounts due up to and including the date of termination; and/or accordingly may deny you access to our Services (or any part thereof).
SECTION 17 - ENTIRE AGREEMENT
The failure of us to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms of Service shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
These Terms of Service and any policies or operating rules posted by us on this site or in respect to The Service constitutes the entire agreement and understanding between you and us and govern your use of the Service, superseding any prior or contemporaneous agreements, communications and proposals, whether oral or written, between you and us (including, but not limited to, any prior versions of the Terms of Service).
Any ambiguities in the interpretation of these Terms of Service shall not be construed against the drafting party.
SECTION 18 - GOVERNING LAW
These Terms of Service and any separate agreements whereby we provide you Services shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of 5704 Roxbury Rd, Shippensburg, PA, 17257, United States.
SECTION 19 - CHANGES TO TERMS OF SERVICE
You can review the most current version of the Terms of Service at any time at this page.
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to update, change or replace any part of these Terms of Service by posting updates and changes to our website. It is your responsibility to check our website periodically for changes. Your continued use of or access to our website or the Service following the posting of any changes to these Terms of Service constitutes acceptance of those changes.
SECTION 20 - CONTACT INFORMATION
Questions about the Terms of Service should be sent to us at sales@ColorfulCritters.com.
OK