http://comfortseatspecial.com/campaign009/privacy-legal.htm
Solution ComfortSeat® Privacy Policy, Returns Policy, and Legal Terms
Great Ideas Inc., the manufacturer of the Solution ComfortSeat&REG line of toileting aids and assistive accessories, value the privacy and security of it's customers and prospects.
To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we have linked to it throughout our webpage.
The Information We Collect:
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Solution ComfortSeat® website. On some pages, you can order products, make requests, and register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages are: Name - Address - Email address - Phone number - Fax number - Credit/Debit Card Information - (etc.)
On some pages, you can submit information about other people. For example, if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient, you will need to submit the recipient's address. In this circumstance, the types of personal information collected are: Name - Address - Email address - Phone number - Fax number - Credit/Debit Card Information - (etc.)
The Way We Use Information:
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order or request made by you. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order or fulfil customer requests.
We use the information you provide about someone else when placing an order only to ship the product and to confirm delivery. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order or fulfill customer requests.
We use return email addresses to answer the email questions and comments we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties, except to the extent necessary to complete a customer order or to fulfill customer requests.
You can register with our website if you would like to receive our catalog as well as updates on our new products and services.
Information you submit on our website will not be used for this purpose unless you fill out the appropriate fields on a form.
We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website and to share with potential advertisers. For example, we may tell an advertiser that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our website, or that Y number of men and Z number of women filled out our registration form, but we would not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses. We will never sell your contact information. User testimonials are used with permission, and all requests for anonymity are honored.
Our Commitment To Data Security:
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
All electronic financial data is deep-encrypted using triple 256-bit cyphers (AES-Twofish-Serpent) that exceeds the standards of the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) of the United States.
Other general data is encrypted with an AES 256-bit cypher, which meets NIST standards.
Our Commitment To Children's Privacy:
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information:
You can find out - as well as update - all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by contacting customer support online or by calling . We use this procedure to better safeguard your information.
We will require you to confirm either your full name, phone number, email, and/or address, to verify your identity. You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error.
To protect your privacy and security, we will also take additional reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
How To Contact Us:
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call us at
or click here to contacts us online.
Solution ComfortSeat&REG Unit & Accessory Return Policy:
If your Solution ComfortSeat&REG unit isn't compatible with your plumbing, toilet, bathroom or doesn't appear to be the right unit for you; you can return it within 30 days - if the unit has NOT been used - for a refund, less S&H.
There may be a restocking fee, if any parts seem worn or packaging is missing.
After 30 days, there is a 15% restocking fee on all units that qualify for return, plus any part replacement / repair fees.
Due to the nature of these medical products, we cannot accept units that have been used. Click here to contact customer support online, or call us toll-free at , for details or for Return Authorization.
We will not accept returns without a Return Authorization.
Links:
Great Ideas, Inc. does not take responsibility for the content of webpages linking to this site, or link-partner sites linked to by this site.
The content of external webpages are the property and responsibility of their respective owners.
All content on this webpage is protected by US and international copyrights. No portion of this webpage may be reproduced without the permission of Great Ideas Inc.
Great Ideas, Inc.
BBB Accredited with an A+ Rating
(Highland Park, IL - USA)
Manufacturer of the Solution ComfortSeat®
Official PayPal Buyer Protection
All Major Credit Cards, GSA Smartpay, And E-Checks Are Accepted!
PayPal Shopping Cart Is Secured & Encrypted For Your Protection. Click for PayPal security info.
Shipping charges on this site are for shipping within the contiguous 48 United States only, using a respected carrier.
Please contact us for shipping outside of the contiguous 48 states or for Rush Delivery options.
All material on this website © 2018 - Great Ideas Inc.
Call Us:
Solution ComfortSeat Sitemap:
About Us -
ADA Platform -
Portable Bidet -
Awards -
Thanks -
Contact Us -
Having Trouble Wiping? -
Help Page -
Solution ComfortSeat Products -
Installation -
Installation - ">As Seen In The Desi Times Newspaper -
Facebook Landing Page 001 -
Facebook Landing Page 002 -
Facebook Landing Page 003 -
Facebook Landing Page 004 -
Privacy, Legal, and Returns -
Which Solution ComfortSeat Is Right For Me? -
Testimonials -
Bariatric Seat -
Epitome -
Epitome Animation -
EZ Wash -
EZ Wash Bariatric Package -
EZ Wash Pro -
EZ Wash Pro Bariatric Package -
MedWash -
Products -
Warm Wash