http://comicartcommunity.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Click here to change your advertising settings.
Comic Art Community Privacy Policy
(last update: May 2, 2019)
Information we gather
The following information is gathered from our website visitors:IP address, subscriber username and subscriber password.
How we use the information we gather
We use the information to enhance your visitor experience.
The people that are given access to this information
Your personal information is accessible by the site administrator only.
Our use of cookies
Our website makes use of cookies which are small digital files that are stored in your web browser that enable us to track your return visits to our website. Your browser settings may allow you to block these cookies, but we recommend you have them enabled to help us personalize your experience of our website.
Additionally, 3rd party advertisers on our site may use cookies for tracking purposes.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, see here: http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.aspWe allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you visit our web site. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information. To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising, you can visit www.networkadvertising.org .We partner with ValueClick to serve ads and/or collect certain information when you visit our website. ValueClick may use cookies or web beacons to collect non-personally identifiable information during your visit to this website in order to help show advertisements on other websites likely to be more interesting to you. To learn more about this “behavioral advertising” practice or to opt-out of this use of your anonymous information, you can visit http://www.valueclickmedia.com/member_privacy.shtml
We will never sell your information
We will never sell your information to 3rd parties for mailing lists or spam.
Comic Art CommissionsBig T Productions, Inc.
Contact Us
Visit Our Sponsors!
Our Privacy PolicyRead all about our Privacy Policy here!
Search for:
Categories
Animation
Art Books
Art Galleries
Artist Profiles
Auctions
Celebrity Interviews
Comic Conventions
San Diego Comic-Con
Comic History
Comic News
DC Comics
Batman
Superman
Disney
Fight To Survive
From Page To Screen
How I Would Have Done It
Kickstarter
Make It So
Marvel Comics
Spider-Man
Power Rangers
Previews
Comic Previews
TV and Movie Previews
Pro Wrestling
Reviews
Comic Reviews
Product Reviews
TV and Movie Reviews
The '80s – Geek Edition
Top 10 Lists
Toys and Games
Video Games
We Want You!
Website News
What’s Old is New Again
Writer Profiles