https://compressorsonline.com/privacy-policy
01869 326 226
Great Britain & N Ireland
My account
Download manuals
0
Cart
Legal NoticeThank you for visiting this ABAC website. (ABAC Group and its subsidiaries are referred to as “ABAC”, “we”, “us” and “our”).WE APPRECIATE YOUR INTEREST IN COMPRESSORS ONLINE AND ABAC.Below you will find information of legal relevance when visiting this website. In addition, you will find our Privacy Policy, which explains what kind of information may be gathered and processed, and how we may use “cookies”. We thank you for reading the contents of this page, and, if you accept all terms and conditions, for visiting the website. By accessing or using the website, you accept all terms and conditions.ABAC consists of a number of legal entities, each responsible for its own business and products. In no event shall a legal entity within ABAC be responsible or liable for the acts or omissions of another legal entity. By retrieving information through this website, or otherwise using the site, you accept that the responsibility and liability for a product, offer, or marketing information is limited only to the legal entity directly involved.The information on the website may be changed without prior notification and without incurring any obligation or liability for us. The content of this website is provided as a convenience to visitors and constitutes non-binding information only. You are not authorised to set any links to the website without our prior written consent.We will use reasonable efforts to include accurate information on our website. HOWEVER, WE MAKE NO WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS AS TO THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, TIMELINESS, NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE OF THE INFORMATION GIVEN. IN NO EVENT WILL WE ACCEPT ANY LIABILITY TO ANY PARTY FOR DAMAGES, WHETHER DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR OTHER FOR ANY USE OR INABILITY TO USE THIS WEB SITE OR ITS CONTENTS, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF PROGRAMS OR OTHER DATA ON YOUR INFORMATION HANDLING SYSTEM OR OTHERWISE. IT IS UP TO YOU TO TAKE ALL NECESSARY PRECAUTIONS AND TO ENSURE THAT WHATEVER YOU SELECT FOR YOUR USE IS FREE OF SUCH ITEMS AS VIRUSES, WORMS, TROJAN HORSES AND OTHER ITEMS OF DESTRUCTIVE NATURE. WE MAKE NO WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS WHATSOEVER ABOUT ANY OTHER WEBSITE BELONGING TO A THIRD PARTY WHICH YOU MAY ACCESS THROUGH THIS WEB SITE.COPYRIGHT, TRADEMARKS, AND OTHER INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTSThe contents of the website, including but not limited to logos, trademarks, trade-names, text, images, graphics, sound, animation and video files, and their arrangement on the website are proprietary to us or one or more other ABAC entities or third parties and subject to intellectual property protection. No content of the website may be reproduced, copied, transferred, published, distributed, modified, reposted, or placed onto other websites or documents, without prior written authorisation. All intellectual property rights contained in the website, including copyrights, trademarks, trade secret and patent rights, are reserved and any use without prior written authorisation from the respective owner is strictly prohibited. Nothing contained on the website shall be construed as granting any express or implied license or right to use our or any other ABAC entity’s or third party’s intellectual property.PRIVACY POLICYIP Addresses, Internet Browsers, Operating Systems, and Domain Names:  When you enter our website, we may collect your computer’s IP address. The IP address does not identify you as an individual, but does identify your Internet service provider. Other non-personally identifiable information that we may collect include the type of Internet browser used, the type of computer operating system used, and the domain name of the website from which you visited our site. The information is aggregated to provide broad demographic information, such as the geographic location of visitors and how long they stay on our site. Collecting this type of information allows us to administer our site, diagnose server problems, analyse trends and statistics, and provide better customer service.COOKIESWhen you visit our website, we may send “cookies” to your computer. A cookie is a small text file or piece of data that a website that you visit can place or save onto your computer. Cookies do not themselves contain any personally identifiable information. However, if you provide such personally identifiable information to us (such as by registering for an Internet related service or password provided by us), such information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie. There are two types of cookies. The first type saves a file for a longer period of time onto your computer, and it can remain on your computer after you shut it off. Such cookie could, for example, be used to tell a visitor what information on the website has been updated since his or her last visit to that website. The second type of cookie is called “session cookie.” While you are visiting a website, session cookies are temporarily stored in your computer’s memory. This could be done, for example, to keep track of what language you have chosen at the website. Session cookies are not stored for a long period of time on your computer, since they disappear when you close your web browser. We may use third parties to assist us in collecting or processing information obtained through cookies.We may use cookies for a number of reasons, such as:to compile anonymous statistics related to patterns and trends of browsing;to analyse sales data;to conduct marketing research;to user adapt website content or functions;to provide assistance to, or track site visits of users, of certain Internet-based services;to enable users with passwords to re-enter certain web pages without having to re-type previously typed information.How To Avoid Cookies:With most Internet browsers, you can set the browser to block cookies, erase cookies from your computer hard drive, or notify you that a web page contains cookies before a cookie is stored. Please refer to your browser instructions or help screen to learn more about these functions. Please note that some of our web pages may not work properly without the use of cookies.PERSONAL INFORMATIONThis part explains how we collect, use, and share personal information that you provide to us, or that we may otherwise obtain or generate, which relates to you (“Personal Information”). ABAC has implemented technical, administrative, and physical measures to safeguard any Personal Information that we may collect (see below).  It is also clear that ABAC will always abide local laws and regulations and will refrain from the collection or use of Personal Information in a location where it is prohibited by law.What personal information might ABAC collect?“Personal Information” is information through which a natural person is identifiable or may be identified.  We may collect, use and process your Personal Information in order to provide you with services, products or information that you request.We will not collect your Personal Information without your knowledge and permission, nor will we sell or rent any such data. In order to provide you with a specific product, service, or information or to process a transaction, we may request your personally identifiable information. This information may include:– your name, including given, family, middle, and any suffix;– emergency or work contact information, including telephone numbers, facsimile number, email address, pager number, mailing address, and work location;– information about an individual’s employer, including company name, company location, and country of incorporation;– shipping address;– billing address;– e-mail address;– telephone numbers;– payment related information, including identification and bank account numbers;How might ABAC use the Personal Information it collects?Personal Information is only collected when necessary to provide a product, service, or information, process a transaction, or if you submit it to us for other purposes, for instance if applying for employment.The collection of Personal Information will be transparent to you (including indication of the legal basis for the processing), and you will have the opportunity to decide whether or not to provide it. If you choose not to provide any of the Personal Information requested, ABAC may be unable to complete your transaction, or provide the information, services or products you have requested.When collected, the Personal Information might be used for the following purposes:– Maintaining Enterprise Resource Planning (“ERP”) systems, workflow systems, and other information technology (“IT”) systems, including workflows to document ABAC participation in professional organizations and provision or receipt of business gifts and hospitality;– Designing, selling, producing and improving products;– Providing customer service and support;– Training and certification of customer, supplier, and vendor personnel;– Performing audits and compliance reviews to ensure compliance with applicable policy, regulation, and law;– As required or expressly authorised by applicable law or regulation.This processing is:– Necessary for the performance of a contract or for the preparation of a contract– Necessary for compliance with a legal obligation– Necessary for the purpose of our legitimate interestAt times we may need to get your consent to allow us to use your Personal Information for one or more of the purposes set out above. You have various rights where we are processing your Personal Information on the basis of your consent. For example, we would like to send you information about other products of ours, which believe might be in your interest. If you don’t want to be on one of our mailing lists, you can choose to opt out at any time by following the “unsubscribe” instructions at the bottom of our promotional emails.Who Personal Information may be shared with:Because ABAC is a global company with locations in many different countries, we may transfer your Personal Information from one legal entity to another or from one country to another in order to accomplish the purposes listed above. We will transfer your Personal Information consistent with applicable legal requirements and only to the extent necessary for the purposes set out above.  Within the ABAC group of companies, Personal Information is transferred subject to the same rules and levels of security. If required, data processing agreements will be in place to ensure the necessary level of protection.ABAC relies on available legal mechanisms to enable the legal transfer of Personal Information across borders.  To the extent that ABAC relies on the standard contractual clauses (also called the model clauses) to authorise transfer, ABAC will comply with those requirements, including where there may be a conflict between those requirements and this Notice.ABAC will not sell or otherwise share your Personal Information outside the ABAC group of companies, except to:* service providers ABAC has retained to perform services on our behalf. ABAC will only share your Personal Information with service providers whom ABAC has contractually restricted from using or disclosing the information except as necessary to perform services on our behalf or to comply with legal requirements;* comply with legal obligations, including but not limited to, in response to a legitimate legal request from law enforcement authorities or other government regulators;* investigate suspected or actual illegal activity;* prevent physical harm or financial loss; or* support the sale or transfer of all or a portion of our business or assets (including through bankruptcy).To Remove, Correct, Update or Access Your Personally Identifiable Information:If you would like to remove, correct, update, or access your Personal Information that you have submitted to us, or if you have any related concerns, please contact us. If you contact us in this regard, please note the web page name or location where you submitted the information, as well as the contact information (for instance name, email address, postal address, etc.) that you provided at that time. Please send your request to sar@airmbc.com and our Master Data Controller will action your request.SECURITYTechnical and administrative measures are implemented to help protect Personal Information and other data on our servers from unauthorised access, loss, or alteration. However, no server or transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be one hundred percent secure. Therefore, any activity or communication is conducted at your own risk.FURTHER INFORMATION AND COMPLAINTSFor further information on the processing of Personal Information, please get in touch with our Group Privacy Officer.If we do not address any of your requests, or fail to provide you with a valid reason why we are unable to do so, you have the right to contact the supervisory authority to make a complaint. You can find your local supervisory authority at following link http://ec.europa.eu/justice/article-29/structure/data-protection-authorities/index_en.htmLINKS TO THIRD PARTY WEBSITESSome of our web pages may contain links to third party websites. Please note that we are not responsible for the privacy policies, content, or practices of such other websites or their owners or operators.MODIFICATION OF PRIVACY POLICYWe reserve the right to change or update this Privacy Policy at any time.
ABAC
AboutReturns PolicyTerms & Conditions
Products
ShopCompressorsReceiversAir treatment
Other
AIRnet
Find Us
Unit 5, Westway 21
Chesford Grange
Warrington
WA1 4SZ
United Kingdom
+44 (0)1869 326 226
sales@compressorsonline.com
ABAC Air Compressors ©
| Privacy Policy | Cookie Policy
Added to Cart
Keep Shopping
Checkout
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. You can find out more/opt out via our
Cookie PolicyNo problem!