https://compassioncircle.com/privacy-policy/
CartCheckoutMy AccountShipping InformationPrivacy & Returns PolicyAffiliates Area
Register Affiliate Login Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
The following Privacy Policy is posted in keeping with legal mandates. The bottom line is this: We respect your private information as if it were our own. We absolutely will not ever sell/rent/trade or otherwise disclose any of your data to a third party, other than the bare minimum data that is always required for processing of any payment when you shop anywhere.
We maintain this site as securely as we know how, and we will continually take every measure we’re aware of to protect your privacy. All credit card transactions are securely processed though Authorize.net. Compassion Circle does not have access to your credit card information and does not keep card numbers on file. If you routinely place orders via email or phone, you can ask that we retain your credit card information for convenience when you provide that information.
We’ll never inundate you with spam or sign you up for email lists without your request. Further, you won’t find those annoying “Sign me up” check boxes that keep checking themselves whether you want to or not! On a few occasions, we have collected emails from pertinent orders to contact customers directly for the sole purpose of sharing specific changes to formulas or products relevant to that customer.
Now, here’s the legal jargon…
This Privacy Policy is applicable to any personal information, which is given by You to Us (“User Information”) via the web site located at http://www.CompassionCircle.com (“Site”). This Policy is devised to help you feel more confident about the privacy and security of your personal details.
“You” shall mean you, the user of the Site. “We/Us” means Compassion Circle. “Users” means the users of the Site collectively and/or individually as the context allows.
We process personal data only in strict compliance with the Data Protection Act of 1998 and associated legislation.
Any third party website that you may connect to from this Site is not covered by this Privacy Policy. (But we don’t anticipate offering links to third parties in the first place!)
Data Collection
When using the Site You may encounter areas such as registration for user forums, shopping or health services where You may be asked to enter User Information. Such User Information will only be used for the purposes for which it was collected, for any other purposes specified at the collection point and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
For your convenience you can withdraw consent by replying to the “unsubscribe” link in emails from us.
Please also note that we do not disclose your personal information to third parties to enable them to send you direct marketing without your permission to do so.
Security and Data Retention
Security is very important to Us. Secure encryption technology is used for protection of information in transit for any sensitive transactions such as payments. Additional security procedures are in place to protect the confidentiality, integrity and availability of Your User information.
We will comply with all relevant Data Protection legislation in relation to the period for which We retain any information You disclose to us.
Updates
You may notify Us of any updates, amendments and corrections to previously collected User Information by using the Contact Us section of the site.
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time (only if necessary and never in a deceptive way or in a way that will compromise our commitment to protect you from spam and/or security breaches). Your use of the Compassion Circle site will be deemed an acceptance of the privacy policy existing at that time.
….and may all those who don’t respect your privacy learn to treat others as they wish to be treated.
Return Policy
We pride ourselves in keeping all of our actions completely ethical, and we encourage others to do the same. Therefore, we will not accept returns on opened products unless you contact us with a clear and reasonable explanation, which we directly approve. There is a 15% restocking fee on all returns, opened or unopened, unless you contact us with a reasonable explanation, which we directly approve; and a refund will be issued upon receipt of the returned product intact. There is no refund for original shipping costs, and you are responsible for return shipping expenses and any applicable insurance – unless extenuating circumstances prompt us to directly approve an exception to this policy. If your order originally shipped with free or discounted shipping, the cost of shipping will be deducted from your product refund.
If your order ships internationally, please understand that we are unable to refund your original shipping payment if the order is returned to us by customs. In such a case, your funds are already used to ship the product and Compassion Circle must pay for return shipping.
1-800-370-PETS (7387)
EMAIL US
FAQ
REFERRALS
READING LIST
BLOG
ABOUT US
RAT REFUGE
FISH REFUGE
ADOPT
SHOP
TESTIMONIALS
CONTACT
Subscribe for deals, recipes, info & product updates
Name
Email
Subscribe
To order Vegecat, please contact us via phone or email.
Dismiss
×
×Cart