http://connectamerica.com/privacy-policy/
Our Solutions
Personal Emergency Response Systems
Medication Management
Remote Patient Monitoring
Medicare Advantage
About Us
Locations
Contact Us
Home > Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: August 17, 2020
ConnectAmerica.com, LLC (“ConnectAmerica”), which is also the owner and operator of the MedicalAlert website, has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for https://www.connectamerica.com; https://www.medicalalert.com; https://medicalalertsupport.com; https://www.alert911.com; https://www.besaferathome.com; https://www.homebuddy.org; https://www.mypersonalresponse.com; and https://www.connectamericawest.com (collectively, the “Website”).
This privacy policy applies to all users of the Website and explains how we collect and use the personal information you supply when visiting the Website.
WHEN WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
When You Request Information
If you register for our site by requesting more information, we will collect your first and last name, email address, and phone number. We may also ask you to tell us whether you are requesting information for you or a loved one. We collect this information for the purpose of responding to your request and keeping you informed of our product offerings. You always have the choice of opting out of future mailings (see the Choice/Opt-Out section below).
When You Make a Purchase
If you purchase products through the Website, we will collect the following information:
Shipping Information: We collect the first and last name of the recipient, country, mail address, email address, and telephone number.
Billing Information: We collect the first and last name, country, address, and telephone number of the person purchasing our products.
Payment Information: We collect card brand, card number, name on the payment card, and expiration date.
We collect this information to send orders, information about our company, and promotional material from some of our partners to our customers. If our products are purchased on your behalf by someone else, we may collect this information from the person ordering our products on your behalf.
When You Contact Us
When you contact us via our contact submission form, we collect your first and last name, email address, and phone number. On some of our websites, we may also collect your mailing address, the type of product you have, the issue(s) you are experiencing, and your account number. We may also ask you to tell us whether you are requesting information for you or a loved one. On all our websites, if you choose to share any additional personal information in your contact message, we will also collect such information.
We collect this information for the purpose of communicating with you about your customer service needs.
When You Apply for a Job
If you apply for a job with ConnectAmerica, we will collect your first and last name, address, phone number, email address, employment history, education history, date of birth and social security number. We may also collect your resume and cover letter, which may contain any additional personal information you choose to share as part of your job application.
We collect this information for the purpose of evaluating your application and communicating with you about your job application.
When You File an Incident Report
When you file an incident report via the Website, we collect first name, last name, address, phone number and email address. We may also collect a description of the incident, which may contain any additional personal information you choose to share as part of your report.
We collect this information for the purpose of investigating and responding to your incident report.
When You Submit a Review
When you submit a review of our products via the Website, we collect your first and last name and email address.
We also collect the content of your review, which may contain any additional personal information you choose to share. When we share your review on the Website, we will only use your first name and last initial to identify your review.
We collect this information only when you choose to share it with us, and we will only use any information you share in your review for the purpose of posting your review on the Website.
When You Register an Account
When you register a customer account, we will collect your first name, last name, email address, phone number, date of birth, mailing address, billing address, credit card or debit card information, and emergency contact information.
We collect this information for the purpose of establishing your account, maintaining your account, and communicating with you regarding account- and product-related issues.
When You Take an Assessment
If you take our product assessment questionnaire, we will collect your responses to the assessment, which includes questions related to your overall health and wellbeing.
We will also collect your first and last name, email address, and telephone number.
We collect this information for the purpose of evaluating your needs and responding to you with information and updates about our products.
When You Participate in Our Public Forums
When you choose to participate in one of our chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups, we collect first name, last name, email address, and phone number.
We collect this information to enable you to participate in these features of the Website.
Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information in a public forum.
When You Access the Website
When you access the Website, we collect some information directly from your browser, as well as through web technologies. The information we collect automatically when you visit the Website includes:
Browser and Device Information: We collect information directly from your browser, including your IP address, browsing history, device type (e.g., desktop, tablet, mobile phone), device resolution, and device operating system. We collect this information in anonymous, aggregate form, which means this information cannot be used to identify you. We collect this information for the purpose of securing the Website, optimizing the Website and improving user experience, Website analytics, and marketing purposes, including serving you with promotional content across the internet.
Connect America Cookies: We may set and access session cookies on your computer for performance testing or to
build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. “Cookies” are small files placed on your computer by your browser and are often used to make websites work, as well as provide information to the website operator.
You have the ability to decline cookies by modifying the settings in your browser.
If you decline or disable cookies, please note that certain functionalities of our website may no longer work.
Third-Party Cookies: Some content or applications on the Website are served by third parties, including content providers and application providers. Our third-party partners may use cookies alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies already in your browser to collect information about you when you visit the Website. The information they collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information, including personal information, about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services. Third-party cookies and web technologies are controlled by our partners and not subject to this privacy policy. If you have any questions about the practices of such third party, you should contact the responsible third-party directly.
HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
How we use your information will depend on the information you share with the Website and how you interact with the Website.
We may use your personal information in the following ways:
To respond to your requests and communications
To process purchases
To send you information about our products or those of our partners
To enhance the Website and user experience
To meet legal and regulatory obligations
To maintain the security of the Website and prevent fraud
HOW WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We share your personal information when you have granted us permission to do so, when it is necessary to fulfill our obligations to you, or when we have a necessary business purpose to share your personal information, or as otherwise expressly described below in this Privacy Policy. In particular, we share your personal information with:
Support Vendors: When necessary, we share your data with third-party vendors working on our behalf to provide specific business support services, including payment processing, website hosting and management, and service partners that monitor products and respond to emergencies.
Marketing and Advertising Partners: We may also share your personal information with third parties for marketing purposes, which may use your personal information to provide marketing and advertising services on our behalf or to market products and services unrelated to the Website. However, you have the option of opting out of such marketing communications. You can send an email to opt-out@medicalalert.com.
Website Analytics Companies: We share anonymous, aggregate information regarding visitors to the Website with third-party website analytics companies. These companies use this aggregate data, which has been stripped of any personally identifying information about you, to provide us with insight regarding our web usage patterns. As we only share anonymous, aggregate data, this information cannot be traced back to you individually by either us or the website analytics vendors.
Google Analytics
MedicalAlert.com uses Remarketing with Google Analytics to advertise online. Third-party vendors, including Google, show our ads on sites across the Internet. MedicalAlert.com and third-party vendors, including Google, use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) together to inform, optimize, and serve ads based on someone’s past visits to your website.
You may choose not to share your data with Google by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on, which instructs your browser not to provide your website usage data to Google Analytics. To opt-out of Google Analytics, visit https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout to install the browser add-on.
Please note that installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on will only disable the use of Google Analytics and will not prevent data from being sent to the website itself or to other web analytics services.
Legal Requirements: As required by law, regulation, or legal process, we will share your personal information with government authorities, enforcement officials, or third parties as necessary to respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims.
Security and Fraud Prevention Efforts: When necessary, we will share your personal information to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations or suspected violations of this privacy policy, our agreements or arrangements with you or other policies in effect from time to time to which you are subject, or as otherwise required by law.
Sale of Business: We reserve the right to transfer your personal information in the event we well or transfer all or a portion of our business or its assets.
In such event, your personal information will continue to be governed by this privacy policy.
YOUR CHOICES AND RIGHTS
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us at the point where we request information about the visitor.
This site gives users the following options for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our service.
You can send an email to opt-out@medicalalert.com
CALIFORNIA CONSUMER PRIVACY RIGHTS
We provide our California consumers with specific rights regarding their personal data. The section describes the rights that you have under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) and explains how to exercise those rights. In the past 12 months, we have collected the following categories of personal data under CCPA:
Data Category
Examples of Data Collected
Identifiers
Real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, , or other similar identifiers
Personal Information Under California Customer Records Statute
Name, signature, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, education, employment, employment history, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or
Protected Characteristics
Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), or veteran or military status
Commercial Information
Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies
Internet or Network Activity
Information regarding a Consumer’s interaction with an Internet Web site, application, or advertisement
Geolocation Data
GPS, location data, physical location, or movements
Professional or Employment Information
Job, title, employer, employment history, salary,
Education Information
Grade point average, other information that is not publicly available personally identifiable information as defined in the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act
Inferences
Conclusions drawn from Personal Information to create a profile about a Consumer reflecting the Consumer’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes
* Some personal data included in this category may overlap with other categories.
We have disclosed the above information for business purposes to our affiliates, service providers, customers, and other users as described in this policy.
Sale of Personal Data
In the preceding 12 months, we [have/have not] sold (as defined by CCPA) personal data from all of the categories of personal data listed above. We have not and will not sell the personal data of minors under 16 years of age to non-affiliated third parties without affirmative authorization.
Right to Know About Personal Data Collected, Used, or Disclosed
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection, use and disclosure of your personal data over the past 12 months. Once we receive your request and verify your identity, we will disclose to you:
(1) the categories of personal data we collected about you; (2) the categories of sources for the personal data; (3) our business or commercial purpose for collecting or disclosing that personal data; (4) the categories of third parties with whom we shared that personal data; and (5) the specific pieces of personal data we collected about you in the preceding 12 months.
Right to Delete Personal Data Collected or Maintained
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal data that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your request and verify your identity, we will permanently delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal data from our records, unless a legal exception to deletion applies. In our response to your request to delete, we will specify the manner in which we have deleted your personal data or, if we must deny your deletion request, the basis for this refusal.
Right to Non-Discrimination for Exercise of Privacy Rights
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your rights by: (1) denying you goods or services; (2) charging you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties; (3) providing you a different level or quality of goods or services; or (4) suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
Exercising Your Rights
To exercise the rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by either:
Calling us at (800) 906-0872
Visiting https://www.lighthouse-services.com/connectamerica
Authorizing an Agent
You may designate an authorized agent to submit your consumer request on your behalf, so long the authorized agent has your written permission to do so and you have taken steps to verify your identity directly with us.
Verifying Your Request
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal data if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal data relates to you. Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. We will only use personal data provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify your identity or authority to make the request. You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period.
To verify your identity, we ask that you to provide us with the following information when you submit your request: (1) first name, (2) last name, and (3) phone number or email. We will use the above information to verify your identity. Depending on your type of request or the information requested by you, we may require additional information to verify your identity and fulfill your request.
California law also requires that we disclose how we respond to “do-not-track requests” from our users. At this time, we do not currently respond to “do-not-track” requests from our users’ browsers.
OTHER IMPORTANT INFORMATION
Data Protection
The Website is governed by and operated in accordance with United States law.
If you are located outside of the United States, you use this Website at your own risk.
This Website is available globally, so it may be necessary to transfer any personal information shared by or collected from you when using the Website.
In particular, your information will be transferred to and processed in the United States where many of our central databases operate.
By using the Website, you: (a) acknowledge that the data protection laws of other countries, including the United States, may provide a less comprehensive or protective standard of protection than those in your country, and (b) consent to all actions taken by us with respect to your information in compliance with the privacy policy and applicable privacy laws.
Third-Party Links
This site may contain links to other sites. ConnectAmerica is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
This privacy notice applies only to our websites and not to any third-party websites.
Security
We have implemented security measures for protecting the personal information you share with us via the Website. These measures include Secure Socket Layer and higher-level encryption of personal information.
Children Under the Age of 13
We do not knowingly collect personal information from individuals under the age of 13. The Website is not intended for anyone under the age of 13, and no one under the age of 13 may provide information on this website.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
ConnectAmerica may update or revise this privacy policy at any time. Any changes to this privacy policy will apply to your personal information from the “Last Updated” date at the top of the privacy policy and will not affect previous uses of your personal information.
You can find the most current version of our privacy policy at any time by clicking on the “Privacy Policy” link at the bottom of the Website.
If we make material changes to our privacy policy, we will notify you of those changes by either sending an email message to the email address you most recently provided to us or by prominently posting a notice on our website.
Contact Information
Contact us through our corporate website at ConnectAmerica.com. If you have any questions about this privacy policy, the practices of this site, or functionality of this Website, you can contact the Connect America at privacy@medicalalert.com.
Customer Service: 1-800-906-0872
License Information: FL #EF20001169; AZ #20350-0; CA #ACO7931
One Belmont Avenue Bala Cynwyd, PA 19004
800-815-5809
info@connectamerica.com
2020 | Connect America
Submit Incident Report  |
Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use