https://conservastore.com//terms-and-conditions/
Skip to Main Content
Terms and Conditions
Conserv-A-Store Terms and Conditions
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE. All users of this site agree that access to and use of this site are subject to the following terms and conditions and other applicable law. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use this site.
Copyright
The entire content included in this site, including but not limited to text, graphics or code is copyrighted as a collective work under the United States and other copyright laws, and is the property of Conserv-A-Store, Inc. The collective work includes works that are licensed to Conserv-A-Store, Inc. Copyright 2003, Conserv-A-Store, Inc ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Permission is granted to electronically copy and print hard copy portions of this site for the sole purpose of placing an order with Conserv-A-Store, Inc or purchasing Conserv-A-Store, Inc products. You may display and, subject to any expressly stated restrictions or limitations relating to specific material, download or print portions of the material from the different areas of the site solely for your own non-commercial use, or to place an order with Conserv-A-Store, Inc or to purchase Conserv-A-Store, Inc products. Any other use, including but not limited to the reproduction, distribution, display or transmission of the content of this site is strictly prohibited, unless authorized by Conserv-A-Store, Inc. You further agree not to change or delete any proprietary notices from materials downloaded from the site.
Trademarks
All trademarks, service marks and trade names of Conserv-A-Store, Inc used in the site are trademarks or registered trademarks of Conserv-A-Store, Inc
Warranty Disclaimer
This site and the materials and products on this site are provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, Conserv-A-Store, Inc disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. Conserv-A-Store, Inc does not represent or warrant that the functions contained in the site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that the defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes the site available are free of viruses or other harmful components. Conserv-A-Store, Inc does not make any warranties or representations regarding the use of the materials in this site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, adequacy, usefulness, timeliness, reliability or otherwise. Some states do not permit limitations or exclusions on warranties, so the above limitations may not apply to you.
Limitation of Liability
Conserv-A-Store, Inc shall not be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials on this site or the performance of the products, even if Conserv-A-Store, Inc has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Applicable law may not allow the limitation of exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.
Typographical Errors
In the event that a Conserv-A-Store, Inc product is mistakenly listed at an incorrect price, Conserv-A-Store, Inc reserves the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. Conserv-A-Store, Inc reserves the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is cancelled, Conserv-A-Store, Inc shall issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price.
Term; Termination
These terms and conditions are applicable to you upon your accessing the site and/or completing the registration or shopping process. These terms and conditions, or any part of them, may be terminated by Conserv-A-Store, Inc without notice at any time, for any reason. The provisions relating to Copyrights, Trademark, Disclaimer, Limitation of Liability, Indemnification and Miscellaneous, shall survive any termination.
Notice
Conserv-A-Store, Inc may deliver notice to you by means of e-mail, a general notice on the site, or by other reliable method to the address you have provided to Conserv-A-Store, Inc.
Miscellaneous
Your use of this site shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the state of Florida, U.S.A., without regard to choice of law provisions, and not by the 1980 U.N. Convention on contracts for the international sale of goods. You agree that jurisdiction over and venue in any legal proceeding directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to this site (including but not limited to the purchase of Conserv-A-Store, Inc products) shall be in the state or federal courts located in Orange County, Florida. Any cause of action or claim you may have with respect to the site (including but not limited to the purchase of Conserv-A-Store, Inc products) must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises. Conserv-A-Store, Inc's failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these terms and conditions shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. Neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice shall act to modify any of these terms and conditions. Conserv-A-Store, Inc may assign its rights and duties under this Agreement to any party at any time without notice to you.
Use of Site
Harassment in any manner or form on the site, including via e-mail, chat, or by use of obscene or abusive language, is strictly forbidden. Impersonation of others, including a Conserv-A-Store, Inc or other licensed employee, host, or representative, as well as other members or visitors on the site is prohibited. You may not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through the site any content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable which may constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or which may otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law. You may not upload commercial content on the site or use the site to solicit others to join or become members of any other commercial online service or other organization.
Participation Disclaimer
Conserv-A-Store, Inc does not and cannot review all communications and materials posted to or created by users accessing the site, and is not in any manner responsible for the content of these communications and materials. You acknowledge that by providing you with the ability to view and distribute user-generated content on the site, Conserv-A-Store, Inc is merely acting as a passive conduit for such distribution and is not undertaking any obligation or liability relating to any contents or activities on the site. However, Conserv-A-Store, Inc reserves the right to block or remove communications or materials that it determines to be (a) abusive, defamatory, or obscene, (b) fraudulent, deceptive, or misleading, (c) in violation of a copyright, trademark or; other intellectual property right of another or (d) offensive or otherwise unacceptable to Conserv-A-Store, Inc in its sole discretion.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Conserv-A-Store, Inc, its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers (collectively the "Service Providers") from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any violation of these terms and conditions or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing the site using your Internet account.
Third-Party Links
In an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, Conserv-A-Store, Inc may link to sites operated by third parties. However, even if the third party is affiliated with Conserv-A-Store, Inc, Conserv-A-Store, Inc has no control over these linked sites, all of which have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of Conserv-A-Store, Inc. These linked sites are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk. Nonetheless, Conserv-A-Store, Inc seeks to protect the integrity of its web site and the links placed upon it and therefore requests any feedback on not only its own site, but for sites it links to as well (including if a specific link does not work).
CONTACT US
(407) 898-2284
Email Us
Store Hours:
Monday-Sunday | 8am-8pm EST USA
Developed by Penner Web Design | ©2020
My Cart
My Account
Conserv-A-Store|The Green Solution for Your Life
Deal Of The Day
All Products
Shop by Room
Bathroom
Outside Gardening
Kitchen
Save WaterSave Water Eco Friendly Water Saving Products that take No Brain Power Conserv-A-Store wants you to Save Water any way you can. We offer a great selection of water saving products, water saving devices, and water saving kits for your bathroom, kitchen, home, & office. We have a wide selection of low flow shower head, .35 and .5 gpm faucet aerators, lowest flow HET 1.0 gpf water saving toilets. High Efficiency Watersense Toilets can be a simple and modern change that takes little effort but makes a big impact in your remodeled bathroom. A new water saving shower head can add that daily shower a place of peace and even give you more extended showers since the best water saving technique is to have shorter showers; kill two birds with one stone by getting a low flow shower head. We also have a large selection of water saving kits for the Green Beginner to the long time Green Pro. We even have the hands free faucet called the most innovative kitchen addition, the Tapmaster. Shop with us for all your water saving needs and we encourage you to share your water and sewer usage amounts with us so we can…
Tapmasters
All Products
Grey Water Recycling Systems
Hands Free Faucet
Low Flow Aerators
Low Flow Faucets
Low Flow Shower Heads
Low Flow Toilets
More Water Saving Products
Rainwater Harvesting System
Water Saving Solutions
Solar Thermal Heating Questionnaire
Water Saving Lowest Flow Faucet Aerators
Water Saving Products
Eco Friendly LifeEco Friendly Life Turn Your Entire Life Green without Sacrificing Anything Numerous things can be categorized as sustainable. Things that recycle, reuse, conserve, or save a particular resource or item can all be called sustainable. We have to recognise the things we use in our everyday life that can be reused, recycled, or even use less of. In this category you will find products that are recycled into new products life our Rubber Mulch products that are made from recycled tires as well as many other products we feature that can help you conserve energy, water, and the planet’s natural resources. We encourage you to add or begin the trend for those around you who do not think conserving is easy or not knowledgeable about how to go green. No matter where you are in the journey of going green by having a eco life, we have the product for you. Should you need any help in your shopping process feel free to reach out to us and we’ll be glad to help.
Eco Friendly Gardening
Eco Friendly Home
Everyday Green Information and Resources
Recycled Rubber Mulch Mats
Recycled Rubber Tree Rings & Mulch Mats
Tree Ring Mulch Mats Made of Recycled Goods
Informational Links
General Products
Conserve EnergyConserv-A-Store offers a broad selection of Energy Saving products from 20000 hr long life incandescent light bulbs, 9000 hr chandelier bulbs and of course LED bulbs with up to 50000 hr life. We offer light bulb switches, light bulb timers and controls, that will help you lower your electricity bill and save you money. We offer Electricity and Energy Saving Kits for those wanting to be Green or Greener. Weatherization protection can save you a lot of money and we have the tools to make this happen. HVAC wall thermostats are a natural for correct hvac control-we have a good array for you. Come to Conserv-A-Store to save Energy
Long Lasting Light Bulbs
Energy Saving Kits
Weatherization
Long Life and Long Lasting Incandescent and LED Light Bulbs
Electrical Energy Saving Products
Solar Energy ProductsConserv-A-Store’s Solar Energy Products Category is for you to go solar in a small or large way. We have solar experts available to design any residential or light commercial Solar Power System you want
Solar Sign Lighting
American Solar Energy Society
Solar Power is NOT Dead…
Wind Power Monthly
Blog
Yes, We Offer GREAT GREEN PRODUCTS, but We Also Have Extensive Knowledge and Creativity and We Want You Satisfied with Your Experience
Do you have any questions?