https://consumer-privacy.jmsmucker.com/
Consumer Privacy Options
We value our consumers, their privacy, and their trust in us. We want to make it easy for our consumers to 1) request a copy of their personal information, 2) request the deletion of their personal information, or 3) opt out of the sale of their personal information as articulated in our Privacy Policy.
Jump to Form
Frequently Asked Questions
What brands are affiliated with this privacy solution?
This privacy solution was designed for and by The J.M. Smucker Co. and applies to our current Family of Brands. That list can be viewed here. A data inquiry will produce results that are inclusive of our Family of Brands. Data deletion and “do not sell” requests are applied against our entire Family of Brands.
What data privacy rights do I have as a consumer?
Details regarding a consumer’s rights as articulated by the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) are outlined in our Privacy Policy. Laws regarding personal data privacy are rapidly evolving both in the United States and around the world. Smucker has taken steps to provide California residents with the means to know what personal information is collected about them and how we use it, to request that we delete their personal information, and to opt out of the sale of their personal information to a third party.
What is the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)?
The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) is the most comprehensive consumer data privacy law in the United States and is designed to give Californians more control over their personal information. Smucker has taken steps to comply with the law by making the provisions available to California residents.
When does CCPA go into effect?
The law is effective January 1, 2020.
Who does the CCPA impact?
The CCPA defines “consumer” as a natural person who is a California resident. Certain entities that do business in the state of California are subject to the law, including Smucker.
How will I know what information you have about me?
Submit your request for access to your personal information via the form below.
Why did my access request return no personal information when your process initially confirmed that you had personal information about me to share?
Our privacy request processes are automated. When a consumer successfully submits a request to access their personal information, a job is automatically launched to scan through our systems to collect relevant consumer personal information in response to the request. The length of time needed to do so is variable, depending on the volume of records in our systems and the volume of personal information we have collected relative to any given consumer.
It is possible for a consumer to submit a delete request shortly after submitting an access request, resulting in a situation where the delete request completes successfully before the access request is fully processed. This means a consumer may receive confirmation that we have personal information about them, but the personal information is deleted before we can compile and extract a copy for their review. The result is an emailed response to an access request that ultimately contains no personal information.
Submit A Request
Data Inquiry
Delete Data
Do Not Sell
Email Address:
Submit
×