https://cookperfect.com/privacy/
Menu
PRIVACY POLICY FOR COOKPERFECT
In this privacy policy it is explained what personal data is, what types of personal data we collect, for what purposes said data is collected, how it is processed and what rights you have in this regard. You can rest assured that your personal data is handled with care.
CookPerfect Personal Data Processing1. What is Personal dataPersonal data means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person, such as for instance your contact information, your order data or your product data.
2. General principles for personal data processing by CookPerfectWe adhere to the following principles when processing your personal data:
we will only collect personal data for specified, explicit and legitimate purposes;
will not collect personal data beyond what is necessary to accomplish those purposes;
we will not use personal data for purposes other than that for which the data was collected, except as stated herein, or with prior consent;
we will not transfer personal data to third parties, except as stated herein, or with prior consent;
we will do our best to ensure that information is up to date by encouraging you to verify your personal data periodically;
we will maintain appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect your personal data against accidental or unlawful destruction or accidental loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access and against all other unlawful forms of processing; and
except when stated herein, we will not store personal data longer than is necessary to accomplish the purpose for which the data were collected or for which they are further processed, or as is required by law.
3. Personal data we collect and processWhen you engage with CookPerfect via various channels, including our websites, apps, dealers and customer support, we collect and process your personal data. The personal data that we collect and process can be categorized as follows:
1) Your personal details, such as your name, e-mail address, physical address (if provided), phone number (if provided), IP address, in some cases geo location and language.
2) Your purchase information, such as your personal details as specified above, company name (if provided), your delivery information, such as delivery address, if different from physical address, your order information, such as product name, quantity, product name, quantity, date of purchase and dealer information, your payment information, such as credit card or similar payment information and friend referral (if applicable).
3) Your use information, such as your personal details as specified above, information regarding your (paired) CookPerfect product(s), product and app usage type, date and frequency, log-in credentials, encrypted credentials for third party services offered in our app(s), information you choose to attribute in connection with your CookPerfect devices, for instance product use activity log (unless such function has been disabled by you) and social media log-in credentials (not the information contained in your social media profiles), if used as log-in to the CookPerfect app.
4) Requests for customer support and technical assistance, containing your personal details, as specified above, product warranty information, place of purchase and other relevant information, which CookPerfect may inquire in order to proceed with your request.
5) Your behavior information collected via use of cookies and similar technologies like pixels, tags and other identifiers in order to remember your preferences, to understand how our websites and app are used and to customize our marketing offerings.
4. How we use your personal dataWe only collect and process personal data, if at least one of the below mentioned purposes applies:
1) We provide you with customized information on news, events, competitions and similar marketing content related to CookPerfect, its products and products made in collaboration with third parties. Our processing in this regard will be based on your consent thereto.
2) We handle your purchase orders, complete purchase transactions, ensure delivery of purchased product(s), handle possible returns. Our processing is necessary for the performance of a contract, to which you are a party.
3) We provide you with relevant product software updates and make your future purchases easier by remembering your shipping details. Our processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by CookPerfect and such processing is not considered to be harmful towards you.
4) We provide you with customer service, handle your requests or complaints and provide you with product warranty support. Our processing is necessary for the performance of a contract, to which you are a party.
5) We ensure better customer experience by providing you with personal benefits, such as customized offers based on previous purchases and possible friend referrals. Our processing in this regard will be based on your consent thereto.
6) We provide you with customized app user experience by allowing you to manage your (paired) CookPerfect products, by providing you with customized content on our app and with easier access to product user guidance and warranty conditions. Our processing in this regard will be based on your consent thereto.
7) We conduct analytics and statistics on use type, date and frequency of CookPerfect products to learn how our products are used, to improve the quality of our products and to develop new ones. Our processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by CookPerfect and such processing is not considered to be harmful towards you.
8) We collect your feedback regarding your use of CookPerfect products and services by inviting you to complete surveys, questionnaires or feedback forms. Our processing in this regard will be based on your consent thereto.
Accordingly, some of your personal data is collected and processed in order for us to fulfil our contractual obligations to you, for instance, when you purchase our products, contact our customer support or claim warranty. Should you choose not to provide us with the requested and necessary personal data in this regard, we might not be able to fully satisfy your request.
5. How we store and process your personal dataAs a general principle, your personal data is stored and processed within the European Economic Area (EEA). However, your personal data may be transferred outside EEA between the entities in CookPerfect, between CookPerfect and its authorized dealers and certain types of third parties, as specified in section 6 within the purposes for which your personal data was collected.
In case of transfer of your personal data to any third countries, as defined in General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), valid law and regulations concerning such transfers are observed and relevant legal and security safeguards are ensured before such transfer.
6. Our disclosure of your personal data to third partiesAs a general principle, we collect and process data in order to facilitate or improve CookPerfect’s products, services or offers. We do not sell your personal data or share the said data with third parties, except to the extent stated in this Privacy Policy.
We may disclose your personal data to third parties to the extent required by law, court order or a decision rendered by a competent public authority and for the purpose of law enforcement. In addition, we may share your personal data with the following third parties:
1) CookPerfect companies and authorized CookPerfect dealers in order to deliver products and services to you, to ensure a consistent level of service across our products and services, to enhance our products, services and your customer experience.
2) Third party vendors carrying out services on our behalf, including billing, sales, marketing, IT support, advertising, analytics, research, customer service, product service support, shipping and purchase order fulfilment, data storage, validation, security, fraud prevention, payment processing, and legal services. Such third-party vendors have access to perform these services but are prohibited from using your personal data for other purposes.
3) Third parties in order to establish, exercise or defend legal rights of CookPerfect.
4) Third parties in the event of any merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of CookPerfect’s assets or stock (including without limitation in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings).
5) Other third parties subject to your consent.
When we disclose your personal data to a third party, we take all reasonable steps to ensure that those third parties are bound by confidentiality and privacy obligations with respect to the protection of your personal data. The disclosure is conducted in compliance with legal requirements, including entering into data processing agreements with the relevant third parties, to ensure that personal data is only processed in accordance with our instructions, applicable law and regulations and for the purpose specified by us and to ensure adequate security measures.
7. Retention of your personal dataWe keep your information for no longer than necessary for the purposes for which it is collected. The length of time for which we retain information depends on the purposes for which we collected and use it.
Personal data related to your purchase and product warranty information is kept and processed for a period of three (3) years from the date of purchase, unless such data is legitimately processed for other purposes, such as providing you with personal benefits or customized direct marketing upon your consent or for pursuing our legal claims, where maintaining such information is considered necessary.
Personal data related to our provision of direct marketing to you is kept and processed for a period of three (3) years from the date you last have been active in opening our marketing communication or otherwise showing interest in such communication.
Personal data related to your use of our app and product software update(s) is kept and processed for a period of three (3) years from the date you last have been active in using the CookPerfect app.
Personal data related to your use of your CookPerfect products is kept and processed for a period of five (5) years from the first use day of the given product, unless such data is legitimately processed for other purposes, such as providing you with personal benefits or customized direct marketing upon your consent or for pursuing our legal claims, where maintaining such information is considered necessary.
Personal data related to our provision of personal benefits to you is kept and processed for a period of five (5) years from the date of your last purchase of CookPerfect product. Personal data related to your feedback on our products and services is kept and processed for a period of two (2) years from the completion date of the given survey, questionnaire of feedback form.
Relevant personal information will be deleted after expiry of the above-mentioned periods, unless such data legitimately can be kept and processed for other processing purposes, which we have legal basis for.
8. CookiesWe use cookies and similar technologies like pixels, tags and other identifiers in order to remember your preferences, to understand how our websites and apps are used and to customize our marketing offerings.
A cookie is a small text file that is placed on your computer or mobile device when you visit a site, that enables us to: (1) recognize your computer; (2) store your preferences and settings; (3) understand the web pages of CookPerfect you have visited; (4), enhance your user experience by delivering and measuring the effectiveness of content and advertising tailored to your interests; (5) perform searches and analytics; and (6) assist with security and administrative functions. Some cookies are placed in your browser cache while those associated with Flash technologies are stored with your Adobe Flash Player files.
Pixels are tiny electronic tags with a unique identifier embedded in websites, online ads and/or email that are designed to: (1) collect usage information like ad impressions or clicks and e-mail open rates; (2) measure popularity of the advertising; and (3) access user cookies.
As we adopt additional technologies, we may also gather information through other methods.
Please note that you can change your settings to notify you when a cookie is being set or updated, or to block cookies altogether. Please consult the “Help” section of your browser for more information. You can also manage the use of Flash technologies, including flash cookies and local storage objects with the Flash management tools available at Adobe’s website. Please note that by blocking, disabling, or managing any or all cookies, you may not have access to certain features or offerings on our websites or apps. For example, to complete a purchase on our websites, you will need to accept cookies sent by our sites. For more information on the cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them, please refer to our Cookies Policy.
9. Responsible for processingCookPerfect ApS, Østre Alle 6 , DK-9530 Støvring, Denmark is data controller and is responsible for the processing of your personal data.
10. Access to your personal data and data portabilityYou have right to access and receive the personal data concerning you, which you have provided to CookPerfect, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and have the right to transmit those data to any third party, you should choose to. Your personal data processed by CookPerfect can be accessed by contacting CookPerfect at info@cookperfect.com
11. Updating and/or deleting your personal dataWe encourage you to update your personal data provided to CookPerfect any time there are changes in your personal data. This can be done in the CookPerfect App by logging in and changing the relevant fields.
In order to ensure that your personal data processed by us is up-to-date we request you to check and, if relevant, update your personal data at least once a year.
Your personal data can be deleted from CookPerfect servers by contacting info@coookperfect.com unless CookPerfect is entitled or obliged by applicable law and regulations to keep and process such information regardless withdrawal of your consent.
Following deletion your personal data will be deleted from servers of CookPerfect without undue delay, while it might take a period of two (2) months to ensure complete deletion of any information that might be stored in our back-up.
You may also contact CookPerfect to review, update or delete personal data stored about you. For relevant contact details please see section 19 below. Please note that prior to accessing and making changes to your account, we will need to verify your identity properly.
12. Right to withdraw your consentSome of CookPerfect’s processing activities may be based on your consent. In such case, you will have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawal of your consent will not affect the lawfulness of processing conducted prior to the withdrawal.
If you withdraw your consent, CookPerfect and third parties involved in personal data processing will cease to process your personal data, unless and to the extent the continued processing or storage is permitted or required according to the applicable personal data legislation or other applicable laws and regulations. Please note that as a consequence of your withdrawal of your consent, CookPerfect may not be able to meet your requests or provide you with our services.
13. Right to restriction of processing and right to objectYou have the right to restriction of processing of your personal data, if the personal data is not correct, if the processing is unlawful, but you oppose erasure of your personal data, if CookPerfect no longer needs your personal data for the purposes of processing, but storing such data is requested by you for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims, or if you have objected to processing and verification, whether CookPerfect still has legitimate interest in the given personal data is pending. Please see section 19 for relevant contact details.
At any time you have the right to object to processing of your personal data collected and processed for purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by CookPerfect, for instance, when we provide you with relevant product software updates, make your future purchases easier by remembering your shipping details, or when we conduct analytics and statistics on your use type, date and frequency of CookPerfect products. Please see section 19 for relevant contact details.
Furthermore, you have the right to object to processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes. You can do so by unsubscribing from our marketing information by clicking on the unsubscribe link in the bottom of marketing communication from CookPerfect.
14. Right to complainIf you want to complain about a privacy breach, please contact CookPerfect by sending your complain to CookPerfect ApS, Østre Alle 6 , DK-9530 Støvring, Denmark or by sending e-mail to info@cookperfect.com
We will acknowledge receipt of your complaint within five (5) business days. We will do our best to resolve it as quickly as possible and within one (1) month from the date of complaint. In case response would require longer term than one (1) month, we will let you know and inform you of the relevant reason(s).
If you are not satisfied with outcome of your complaint or with handling of your complaint at CookPerfect, you may refer your complaint to the Danish Data Protection Authority, Datatilsynet, Borgergade 28, 5., DK-1300 Copenhagen, Denmark or by sending e-mail to dt@datatilsynet.dk.
15. Third-party websites, plug-ins and servicesWebsites, apps and products of CookPerfect may contain links to third party websites, plug-ins, for instance social media login plug-in, or services.
If you choose to use these websites, plug-ins or services, you may disclose your information to those third-parties. CookPerfect is not responsible for the content or practices of those websites, plug-ins or services. The collection, use, and disclosure of your personal data will be subject to the privacy policies of these third parties and not this Privacy Policy. We urge you to read the privacy and security policies of the relevant third-parties.
16. Data securityCookPerfect is committed to protecting the security of your personal data. We use necessary organizational, technical, and administrative measures to protect your personal data under control of CookPerfect, such as control of access, transmission, input and availability and the separation of data.
Access to a number of online services at CookPerfect are protected by access restrictions based on user name and password. It is important that you always choose a password which is hard to guess for others and protect your password against disclosure.
Your personal details and your credit card details, if you have provided such to CookPerfect remain encrypted in CookPerfect’s secure web servers. Credit card information is directed to one or more approved and certified service provider(s) and will not be stored for longer than it takes to process the data. All external transmissions of personal data facilitated by CookPerfect are protected by encryption.
All data storage and processing at computer facilities of CookPerfect as well as at business partner facilities are subject to written contracts.
If you have reason to believe that your interaction with CookPerfect is no longer secure (for example, if you feel that the security of any account you might have with CookPerfect has been compromised), please notify us of the problem immediately by contacting us. Please see section 19 for relevant contact details.
17. Use by childrenCookPerfect does not target and is not intended to attract children. Accordingly, our online services, including personal accounts on websites and apps provided by CookPerfect that collect any personal data are not directed at and should not be accessed by individuals under the age of sixteen (16 years), and we request that such individuals do not provide any personal data to CookPerfect. Minors must obtain express consent from parents or legal guardians prior to accessing or providing any personal data. If notified by a parent or guardian or discovered by other means, that a child under age of sixteen has provided his or her personal data to CookPerfect, we will cancel the child’s account, if any, and delete the child’s personal data in our possession.
18. Changes to our Privacy PolicyCookPerfect may modify or update this Privacy Policy when necessary to reflect changes in CookPerfect products and services, changes in applicable legislation, regulations or practice and to address customer feedback. Accordingly, please review it periodically. Date of the latest update is always provided at the bottom of the document.
If there are material changes to this Privacy Policy, you will notify you either by posting a notice or by sending you a notification.
19. Contact detailsIf you have questions about this Privacy Policy or CookPerfect’s processing of your personal data, please contact us at:
CookPerfect ApS,
Østre Alle 6,
DK-9530 Støvring
Denmark
or by sending e-mail to info@cookperfect.com
Last updated June 2019
New technology that make you cook like a Pro
Kevin Harrington, Origenal Shark
Winner of the Category “Smart kitchen” 2018
chosen by the readers
Gastromand
Rarely do we see a product come to test that has an advantage that distances itself so much from its competitors.
CookPerfect A-list
Signup for inspiration, technics and other A-list information
SUBSCRIBE
#wecookperfect
TOGETHER WITH YOU
SIGN IN
REGISTER
CREATE NOW
Create an account to expedite future checkouts, track order history & receive emails, discounts, & special offers
Anti-spam
Subscribe to our newsletter
Back to login