https://cootersautomanuals.com/conditions.php?osCsid=6d56cd0db9eab103f48cf3f2ea1be3d9
Toggle Navigation
Welcome to Cooters Auto Manuals
0 items
Grading Policy
HomeCatalogConditions of Use
Conditions of Use
Last Revised November 5, 2018 THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS GOVERN YOUR USE OF THE Cooters Auto Manuals WEBSITE OPERATED BY cootersautomanuals.com. BY USING THE WEBSITE, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND SIGNIFY THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTOOD, AND AGREED TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS. IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT AND AGREE TO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, YOU MAY NOT USE THE WEBSITE.
CHANGES TO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS: Cooters Auto Manuals may, in its discretion, change, supplement or amend these Terms and Conditions from time to time, for any reason, and without any prior notice or liability to you or any other person, by posting the modified Terms and Conditions on the Website.
PERMISSION TO USE THE WEBSITE: The Website may be accessed and used only by individuals who are able to enter into legally binding and enforceable contracts. Users of the Website must comply with all applicable laws. The Website may not be used by persons in jurisdictions where access to or use of the Website or any part of them may be illegal or prohibited. If you breach any provision of these Terms and Conditions, you may no longer use the Website. Cooters Auto Manuals may in its discretion refuse permission to access and use the Website. The Website is made available to you for your lawful use only. You may access and browse the Website only using commercialy available, SSL-capable Web browser software. You may print or download the pages of the Website for your personal, non-commercial use, provided that you do not modify any of the pages or other content and you do not remove or alter any visible or non-visible identification, marks, notices, or disclaimers. The Website and its content may not be copied, imitated, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, modified, indexed, catalogued, or distributed in any way, in whole or in part, without the express prior written consent of Cooters Auto Manuals. You may not reproduce, copy, duplicate, sell, or resell any part of the Website or access to the Website.
DISCLAIMER: The Website is provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis, and without any representations, warranties or conditions of any kind, whether express or implied, and including without limitation implied conditions, warranties or representations of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, performance, durability, security, availability, or accessibility, all of which are hereby disclaimed by Cooters Auto Manuals to the fullest extent permitted by law. You are solely responsible for: (a) obtaining, configuring and maintaining all computer hardware, software, telephone services, and other equipment and services necessary for You to access and use the Website; (b) scanning for and preventing the receipt and transmission of viruses, trojan horses, worms or other destructive or disruptive components; and (c) maintaining a complete and current backup of all of the data contained on your computer system prior to accessing or using the Website. Regardless of the nature of the claim or the reasons for the loss and damages, Cooters Auto Manuals liability is limited to foreseeable and direct damages only. Cooters Auto Manuals will not under any circumstances be liable to you or any other person for any loss of use, loss of production, loss of income or profits (anticipated or otherwise), loss of markets, economic loss, special, indirect or consequential loss or damage or punitive damages, whether in contract, tort or under any other theory of law or equity, arising from, connected with, or relating to the use of the Website by you or any other person. In no event will Cooters Auto Manuals total liability to you or any other person for any claims, proceedings, liabilities, obligations, damages, losses, and costs, whether in contract, tort or under any other theory of law or equity, and regardless of any negligence or other fault or wrongdoing by Cooters Auto Manuals or any person for whom Cooters Auto Manuals is responsible, exceed the lesser of US$25 or the purchase price of the Item that is the subject of the claim. The exclusion of certain warranties and the exclusion or limitation of certain liabilities is prohibited by law in some jurisdictions. Such limitations may apply to you. The warranty disclaimer and liability exclusion and limitation clauses survive indefinitely after the termination of this Agreement.
NO ADVICE: The Website is not intended to be a comprehensive or detailed statement concerning the matters addressed; professional or expert advice or recommendations; or an offer or recommendation to sell or buy any book or other item, product or service. You should seek appropriate, qualified professional advice and recommendations before acting or omitting to act based upon any information provided on or though the Website.
COMMUNICATIONS: Communications sent to Cooters Auto Manuals by means of the Website or email are not considered delivered or effective unless and until they are actually received and processed by Cooters Auto Manuals responsible representative.
WEBSITE CONTENT: Cooters Auto Manuals is not obliged to monitor, screen, police or edit the use of the Website, including postings of materials to the Website, although Cooters Auto Manuals reserves the right to do so in its discretion. Cooters Auto Manuals will respond as it considers appropriate, in its discretion, if it becomes aware of any inappropriate uses of the Website, including without limitation uses that constitute copyright infringement. You may report any claims or concerns (including copyright infringement claims) regarding the Website or its content by sending an email to info@cootersautomanuals.com.
OWNERSHIP OF THE WEBSITE: Copyright ©cootersautomanuals.com All Rights Reserved. The Website and its content (including all information in text, graphical, video and audio forms, images, icons, software, design, applications and other elements available on or through the Website) are the property of Cooters Auto Manuals and others, and are protected by international copyright and other laws. Your use of the Website does not transfer to you any ownership or other rights in the Website or their content.
TRADEMARK INFORMATION: Cooters Auto Manuals™, the Cooters Auto Manuals logo, and other slogans or marks are registered and unregistered trademarks, service marks, and trade names owned or licensed by Cooters Auto Manuals. Other product and company names and logos appearing on the Website may be registered or unregistered trade names, trademarks and service marks of their respective owners. Any use of the trade names, trademarks, service marks and logos (collectively "Marks") displayed on the Website, except as expressly provided in these Terms and Conditions, is strictly prohibited. Nothing appearing on the Website or elsewhere shall be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any licence or right to use any Marks displayed on the Website.
OTHER SITES: The Website may include advertisements for, and links to, other website or resources and businesses operated by other persons, including booksellers ("Other Sites"). Other Sites are independent from Cooters Auto Manuals, and Cooters Auto Manuals has no responsibility or liability for or control over Other Sites, their business, goods, services, or content. Links to Other Sites are provided solely for your convenience. Cooters Auto Manuals does not sponsor or endorse any Other Sites or their content or the goods or services available through those Other Sites. Your use of Other Sites and your dealings with the owners or operators of Other Sites is at your own risk, and you shall not make any claim against Cooters Auto Manuals arising out of your use of any Other Sites or your dealings with the owners or operators of any Other Sites.
LINKING, FRAMING, MIRRORING, SCRAPING, DATA-MINING OR POSTINGS: Links to the Website without the express written permission of Cooters Auto Manuals are strictly prohibited. To request permission to link to the Website, please contact info@cootersautomanuals.com. The framing, mirroring, scraping or data-mining of the Website or any of their content in any form and by any method are strictly prohibited. You may not use any collaborative browsing or display technologies in connection with your use of the Website or to post comments, communications, or any other data of any kind to or on the Website with the intention that other users of the Website may view such postings.
PERSONAL INFORMATION PRIVACY: Cooters Auto Manuals collects, uses, and discloses your personal information in accordance with its Privacy Policy, which may be viewed here. Cooters Auto Manuals may change its Privacy Policy from time to time in its sole discretion. Each time you use the Website, you consent to Cooters Auto Manuals collection, use and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with its Privacy Policy as it then reads without any further notice or any liability to you or any other person.
UNSOLICITED SUBMISSIONS: If you send any unsolicited ideas, suggestions or other materials, including ideas for new advertising campaigns, new promotions, new or improved goods, services or technologies, product enhancements, processes, materials, marketing plans, or new product names ("Submissions") to Cooters Auto Manuals, you automatically grant (or warrant that the owner of the Submissions grants) to Cooters Auto Manuals and its assigns a perpetual, royalty-free, irrevocable, unrestricted, non-exclusive, world-wide, assignable, sub-licensable, right and license to use, copy, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, perform, display and otherwise exploit the Submissions or any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques associated with the Submissions for any purpose whatsoever, commercial or otherwise, using any form, media or technology now known or later developed, without providing compensation to you or any other person, without any liability whatsoever, and free from any obligation of confidence or other duties on the part of Cooters Auto Manuals or its assigns, and you agree, represent and warrant that all moral rights in the Submissions are waived in favour of Cooters Auto Manuals and its assigns.
SOFTWARE AGREEMENTS: Cooters Auto Manuals may cause software to be available for you to download from the Website or through other websites. The software is protected by copyright. These Terms and Conditions and the software licence agreement specific to the software govern your downloading and use of the software.
OTHER MATTERS: These Terms and Conditions and all related matters are governed solely by the laws of the United States of America, excluding any rules of private international law or the conflict of laws which would lead to the application of any other laws. The United Nations Convention On Contracts For The International Sale Of Goods does not apply. For all disputes between Cooters Auto Manuals and you or any other person arising from, connected with or relating to the Website, these Terms and Conditions, transactions facilitated or conducted through the Website, Items ordered or purchased through the Website, dealings between You and Cooters Auto Manuals, or any related matters or any legal relationship associated therewith or derived therefrom ("Disputes"), the relevant parties will attempt to find a reasonable solution least onerous to the parties. If a Dispute cannot be resolved by the parties, then the Dispute must be resolved before the Courts of the United States sitting in the City of St Petersburg, Florida, and you hereby irrevocably submit and attorn to the original and exclusive jurisdiction of those courts in respect of all Disputes. Proceedings regarding Disputes must be commenced in a court of competent jurisdiction in the City of St Petersburg, Florida, USA, within six (6) months after the Dispute arose, after which time any and all proceedings regarding the Dispute are barred. Any shorter time limit provided by statute law remains unaffected. If any provision of these Terms and Conditions is found to be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed to be severed from the rest of these Terms and Conditions and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. No consent or waiver by either party to or of any breach by the other party of these Terms and Conditions will be deemed or construed to be a consent to or waiver of a continuing breach or any other breach of these Terms and Conditions by that party. No consent or waiver will be effective unless in writing and signed by both parties. You expressly request and require that these Terms and Conditions be drawn up in the English language. Any rights not expressly granted in these Terms and Conditions are reserved to Cooters Auto Manuals. These Terms and Conditions are subject to change without notice.
Continue
Categories
AcuraAudiBMWBuickCadillacChevroletChryslerDaewooDatsunDodgeEagleFordGeoGMCHondaHummerHyundaiInfinitiIsuzuJaguarJeepKiaLand RoverLexusLincolnMazdaMercedesMercedes BenzMercuryMitsubishiNissanOldsmobilePlymouthPontiacPorscheRenaultSaabSaturnScionSubaruSuzukiToyotaVolkswagenVolvo
We Accept