https://corrymoor.com/content/7-cookie-policy
Currencies are for browsing purposes only. Note: all transactions will be processed with sterling currency. Free UK standard delivery on orders over £65 Home
>
Cookie PolicyCookie Policy1.      Introduction1.1    Our website uses cookies.1.2    By using our website and agreeing to this policy, you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy.2.      About cookies2.1    A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.2.2    Cookies may be either "persistent" cookies or "session" cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.2.3    Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.2.4    Cookies can be used by web servers to identify and track users as they navigate different pages on a website and identify users returning to a website.3.      Our cookies3.1    We use only persistent cookies on our website.3.2    The names of the cookies that we use on our website, and the purposes for which they are used, are set out below:(a)    we use cookies to recognise a computer when a user visits our website.4.      Analytics cookies4.1    We use Google Analytics to analyse the use of our website.4.2    Our analytics service provider generates statistical and other information about website use by means of cookies.4.3    The analytics cookies used by our website have the following names:         _dc_gtm_UA-68489790-1, _ga, _gid, PrestaShop-ffc79290330812c84051cbb050cca3b6, 2c.cId, FBuserFirstOn.4.4    The information generated relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of our website.4.5    Our analytics service provider's privacy policy is available at: http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/.5.      Third party cookies5.1    Details of the third party cookies used by our website are set out below:         none5.2    You can view, delete or add interest categories associated with your browser by visiting: http://www.google.com/settings/ads/. You can also opt out of the AdSense partner network cookie using those settings or using the NAI's (Network Advertising Initiative's) multi-cookie opt-out mechanism at: http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/. However, these opt-out mechanisms themselves use cookies, and if you clear the cookies from your browser your opt-out will not be maintained. To ensure that an opt-out is maintained in respect of a particular browser, you may wish to consider using the Google browser plug-in available at: https://www.google.com/settings/ads/plugin.6.      Blocking cookies6.1    Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies; for example: (a)    in Internet Explorer (version 11) you can block cookies using the cookie handling override settings available by clicking "Tools", "Internet Options", "Privacy" and then "Advanced";(b)    in Firefox (version 47) you can block all cookies by clicking "Tools", "Options", "Privacy", selecting "Use custom settings for history" from the drop-down menu, and unticking "Accept cookies from sites"; and(c)    in Chrome (version 52), you can block all cookies by accessing the "Customise and control" menu, and clicking "Settings", "Show advanced settings" and "Content settings", and then selecting "Block sites from setting any data" under the "Cookies" heading.6.2    Blocking all cookies will have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites.7.      Deleting cookies7.1    You can delete cookies already stored on your computer; for example:(a)    in Internet Explorer (version 11), you must manually delete cookie files (you can find instructions for doing so at http://windows.microsoft.com/en-gb/internet-explorer/delete-manage-cookies#ie=ie-11);(b)    in Firefox (version 47), you can delete cookies by clicking "Tools", "Options" and "Privacy", then selecting "Use custom settings for history" from the drop-down menu, clicking "Show Cookies", and then clicking "Remove All Cookies"; and(c)    in Chrome (version 52), you can delete all cookies by accessing the "Customise and control" menu, and clicking "Settings", "Show advanced settings" and "Clear browsing data", and then selecting "Cookies and other site and plug-in data" before clicking "Clear browsing data".7.2    Deleting cookies will have a negative impact on the usability of many websites.8.      Cookie preferences8.1    You can’t manage your preferences relating to the use of cookies on our website by visiting.9.      Our details9.1    This website is owned and operated by Westcountry Mohair trading as Corrymoor Mohair Socks.9.2    Our principal place of business is at Corrymoor Farm, Stockland, Honiton, Devon EX14 9DY.9.3    You can contact us:(a)    by post, using the postal address Corrymoor Farm, Stockland, Honiton, Devon EX14 9DY;(b)    using our website contact form https://corrymoor.com/contact-us ;(c)    by telephone: 01404861245; or(d)    by email: socks@corrymoor.com . CookiesBelow is a list of the cookies that we use. We have tried to ensure this is complete and up to date, but if you think that we have missed a cookie or there is any discrepancy, please let us know. All cookies listed below have a 30 day expiry time.Strictly necessaryWe use the following strictly necessary cookies:Description of CookiePurposePrestashop shopping cartThis provides, and keeps the products inside your shopping cart. Deactivating this cookie would stop permitting the orders. This cookie doesn't save any personal Data about any shop client.Language Selector - PrestashopCookie we use to offer you the possibility to switch the language of our contents. If cookie is disabled you'll see the site in the original language.Currency Selector - PrestashopCookie which makes possible to choose the currency you would like. If disabled the store default currency will be shown. Analytical/PerformanceWe use the following analytical/performance cookies:Description of CookiePurposeGoogle Tag Manager - GoogleUsed by Google Tag Manager to control the loading of a Google Analytics script tag. FunctionalityWe use the following functionality cookies:Description of CookiePurposeStats Data - PrestashopA Shop Cookie, which saves data about orders, carts, IP of the clients. The data is kept safe inside the back-office, and serve solely as statistical data for improving our services and products.  Date: 25.02.2020
website by teapotCopyright © 2020 corrymoor