http://craftmarketer.com/privacy/
Skip to content
We do not share your email with other parties except your credit card
company when processing orders through our shopping cart.Privacy Policy for Craftmarketer.comLast updated: 2/15/2020My Company (Craftmarketer and Warm Snow Publishers) operates https://craftmarketer.com (the “Site”). This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information we receive from users of the Site.We use your Personal Information only for providing and improving the Site. By using the Site, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.Information Collection And UseWhile using our Site, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to your name (“Personal Information”).When you visit this website, you may view advertisements posted on the site by Google or other companies. These advertising companies may collect information about you while you are visiting this website and other websites. They may use this data to show you advertisements on this website and elsewhere on the Internet about products and services you might like. This website does not collect the information or control the content of the advertisements that you will see. You may be able to opt out of such advertising. To find out more about Google and its DoubleClick DART cookie used to generate interest-based advertising, click this link. Your use of this website without opting out means that you understand and agree to data collection to provide you with interest-based advertising.Log DataLike many site operators, we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Site (“Log Data”).
This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Site that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.In addition, we may use third party services such as Google Analytics that collect, monitor and analyze this  Log Data.CommunicationsWe may use your Personal Information to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information.Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer’s hard drive.CookiesLike many sites, we use “cookies” to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Site.SecurityThe security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.Changes To This Privacy PolicyThis Privacy Policy is effective as of 2/15/2020 and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page.We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the Service after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you either through the email address you have provided us, or by placing a prominent notice on our website.Contact UsIf you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.
Facebook0Tweet0Pin0Email0
Search for:
What People Say About James DIllehay’s Craft Business Books“James was a guest speaker on our Guerilla Marketing conference call and he blew me away with what he knows about selling online.” — Jay Conrad Levinson, best-selling author Guerrilla Marketing“Should be viewed as the blueprint for success in the crafts industry.” — The Crafts Report“James is by far the most qualified and talented marketer for the craft industry. His knowledge is only outweighed by his honest desire to help people.”  — Phoebe Welburn, Vice President, Welburn Gourd Farm“This new book is so useful, we can hardly stop using it long enough to review it. If you’re considering establishing or improving a web presence, invest in this book.” — The Crafts Fair GuideSell Your Crafts Online How to Price Crafts and Things You Make to Sell
Sell on FacebookIf you make and sell handmade items, list them for free on our Facebook page. Post images, descriptions and links to your Etsy or other online store. Apply here today.CategoriesBest Business Practices (37)Branding Ideas (3)Etsy Alternatives (6)How to Price Handmade Items (5)Increasing Profit Margins (1)Marketing Ideas (49)Part Time Handmade Seller (38)Photo Editing (2)Publicity Ideas (3)Scale Your Business Up (27)Search Engine Optimization – SEO (4)Sell on Etsy (13)Sell Wholesale (7)Selling on Amazon Handmade (9)Starting a Business Checklist (17)Sustainable Crafts (4)Things to Make and Sell (33)Terms of Use | PrivacyTerms of Use l Privacy l Affiliate Agreement l DMCA NoticeAll content on every page including images on this Web site is protected by Copyright ©2020, 2021We are a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for us to earn fees by linking to Amazon.com and affiliated sites.
Share this ArticleLike this article? Email it to a friend! Friend's Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Comments
Send EmailEmail sent!