https://crateart.com/privacy-statement/
Home / Privacy Statement
We value your relationship, and your trust will be honored.
You can rely on us to protect your privacy and ensure the security of your information, as described in this Privacy Statement. As part of this commitment: We do not sell customer information to other companies for marketing purposes. We employ strict security standards and safeguards to protect your personal information and prevent fraud. We will continue to protect your privacy even if you are no longer a customer.
Visitor Registration or Requests for Information
We only collect personal information that you choose to provide voluntarily when using or registering with our website. “Personal information” includes information that can identify you as a specific individual, such as your name or email address. While you can browse our site without registering, you will need to register in order to take advantage of certain features, such as “My Account” access and updates on promotional offers.
We utilize cookie technology as part of our website’s statistical reporting.
A cookie is a small piece of information sent by a website that is saved on your hard disk by your computer’s browser. It holds information a site may need to personalize your experience and to gather website statistical data, such as which pages are visited, what is downloaded. However, none of this is associated with you as an individual. It is measured only in aggregate. The information in the cookies lets us trace your “click stream” activity (i.e., the paths taken by visitors to our site as they move from page to page.) Cookies do not capture your individual email address or any private information about you. We also use standard web server log files to help us count visitors and evaluate our site’s technical capacity. We use this information to find out how many people visit this website, help us arrange the pages in the most user-friendly way, keep the site browser-friendly, and to make our pages more useful to our visitors. We record information on site traffic but not information on individual visitors to our site, so no information about you in particular will be kept or used. To browse without cookies, you can configure your browser to reject all cookies, or to notify you when a cookie is set. (Each browser is different, so check the “Help” menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences.)
Email, Mailing Lists, and Other Services
When you send us an email, we use your email address to thank you for your comment and/or reply to your question, and we will store your communication and our reply in case we correspond further. Beyond our initial reply, we will never use your email address to send you any unsolicited message or information, nor will we share it with or sell it to anyone else for such use. When you request information or other services, we use your email address and any other information you give us to provide you with the information or other services you requested until you ask us to stop (using the ‘unsubscribe’ instructions provided with each email and/or on the site where you signed up and/or as we otherwise provide), or until the information or service is no longer available. We will not use your address or other information to provide you with any unsolicited message or information (unless that is part of the service you are requesting), nor will we share it with or sell, rent or lease it to any third party for such use.
You Decide What Communication You’ll Receive From Us
If you choose to receive them, we may periodically send you email messages describing updates, new features, or promotional offers related to this website. You can choose to stop receiving this email at any time. Simply follow the instructions included in your email, or send a reply stating your request. If you do not explicitly choose to receive informational emails, the only email messages you will receive from us will be to respond to email inquiries that you send us.
How to Update or Correct Your Personal Information
To modify or delete your personal information, simply follow the instructions included in your registration email, or send a reply stating your request, and we will make the requested changes.
Security
The security of your personal information is very important to us and we are committed to protecting the information we collect. We have security measures in place at our server facilities to protect against the loss, misuse, or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our website. We validate your identity through confidential access codes before we allow online access to your information. Our systems use technologies such as firewalls (traffic barriers) and encryption (scrambling of information) to protect your information from others.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy was posted on June 18th, 2001 and revised on May 29, 2018. We reserve the right to change, modify or amend this policy at any time. We will occasionally update our privacy policy and we will post those updates on this page. You are responsible for revisiting this page to review our privacy policy updates.
How To Contact Us
Whenever you submit any information to us in connection with any of our related services, you consent to our processing of this information in the United States as necessary to provide the services in which you are participating. If you have any questions, comments, criticisms, or complaints about our privacy policy and/or the way it affects you, please feel free to contact us.
---> SEE COUPONS TAB ON TOP MENU - ONCE A YEAR SPECIAL SAVINGS COUPONS UP TO 40% OFF!!
Dismiss