http://crewchiefpro.com/2018/01/18/terms-and-conditions/
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Last Updated ( 01/18/2018 )
ANY PARTICIPATION IN CREW CHIEF PRO SOFTWARE or it’s website at www.crewchiefpro.com ( the service ) will consitute acceptance of this agreement.
By accessing and using this service, you accept and agree to be bound by the terms and provision of this agreement. In addition, when using these particular services, you shall be subject to any posted guidelines or rules applicable to such services. Any participation in this service will constitute acceptance of this agreement. If you do not agree to abide by the above, please do not use this service.
PRIVACY POLICY ( Click to Review Privacy Policy )
This site and its components are offered for informational purposes only; this site shall not be responsible or liable for the accuracy, usefulness or availability of any information transmitted or made available via the site, and shall not be responsible or liable for any error or omissions in that information.
Crew Chief Pro Software, its owners, logos, software, and weather equipment are protected by intellectual property rights as directed by U.S. and International Intellectual Copyright Law. You may not copy, rent, sell, or otherwise deliver these items to others, any and all versions of our Crew Chief Pro Software, Updates, or designs, or reverse engineer or disassemble in any way our software. This is considered intellectual property and is protected by U.S. and International Copyright laws. ONLY Crew Chief Pro, and its owners are the lawful and legal owners of the software and of all intellectual property contained in the software. This also refers to our logos, designs, and content created.
This Site and its original content, features, and functionality are owned by Crew Chief Pro Software and Donald Higgins, and are protected by international copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, and other intellectual property or proprietary rights laws.
Payment Policy:
The acceptable methods of payment are confirmed credit cards from Master Card, Visa, Discover, American Express, PayPal. Cash and Checks are also accepted.
Refund Policy:
While we want to make customers happy and will do anything within reason to make your purchase a positive one we understand that sometimes things go wrong and customers want a refund. Within the first 30 days you may return items purchased for a full refund of the purchase price provided: A) Items are in new condition, free from damage and in original packaging. B) no missing or substituted components that were not part of the original sale. C) Returned in a timely fashion within 7 days of claim.
Delivery Terms:
Crew Chief Pro will use 3rd party shipping services which include US Post Office, FedEx, and UPS. As soon as that third party takes possession over the product Crew Chief Pro is no longer responsible for A) Damaged Products, B) Water contamination C) Late Deliveries D) Lost or Stolen products. Customer will assume responsibility to handle claims against 3rd party shipping services.
Termination of Access to Crew Chief Pro Software or Website:
We may terminate your access to the Site, without cause or notice, which may result in the forfeiture and destruction of all information associated with your account. All provisions of this Agreement that, by their nature, should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity, and limitations of liability.
Notification of Changes in Services or Terms and Conditions:
It may be necessary to change our terms and conditions to reflect changes. If this is the case we will post these changes on our website in a timely manner. Check the website from time to time to see any changes in Terms and Conditions or Services. The company reserves the right to change these conditions from time to time as it sees fit and your continued use of the site will signify your acceptance of any adjustment to these terms. If there are any changes to our privacy policy, we will announce that these changes have been made on our home page and on other key pages on our site. If there are any changes in how we use our site customers’ Personally Identifiable Information, notification by email or postal mail will be made to those affected by the change. Any changes to our privacy policy will be posted on our site 30 days prior to these changes taking place. You are therefore advised to re-read this statement on a regular basis.
Search
Recent Blog Posts
Leo Zynda – Division 3 Super Gas Champion
Triple Play by Mike Boehner in Phoenix
Ryan Siffering
Crew Chief Pro is having a Weather Station SALE!
Thank You Crew Chief Pro – We won the Junior race in Phoenix
Congratulations to Travis Balough for winning TWICE in One Weekend with Crew Chief Pro!
Division 4 Super Street Champion – John Leibham
New Wrist Watch Pager available!
Thank You Crew Chief Pro Software!
Crew Chief Pro is so accurate!
Common Sense Software
4417 Enterprise Drive
Bartonville, Illinois
Phone (309) 688-2990
Email Us
Connect with the Crew Chief Team