https://cross-stitch-art.com/privacy-policy/
0
was successfully added to your cart.
Customer Privacy
Your personal information is confidential. Here’s what we collect and how we use it:
We do not rent, sell, barter or trade e-mail addresses.
When you place an order with Cross-Stitch-Art.com we collect your name, address, telephone number, credit card information and your e-mail address. We use this information to fulfill your order and to communicate with you about your order
We provide you with E-mail Updates that alert you of new merchandise, contests or special offerings. You may unsubscribe at any time by reply to the E-mail Update, and typing remove in the subject line. Or send unsubscribe request to: info@cross-stitch-art.com with the word “remove” in the subject line.
When you enter a contest or redeem certain promotions on Cross-Stitch-Art.com, we may ask for your name, address, and e-mail address so that we can administer the contest or promotion and notify the winners. If you so choose, you may also subscribe to our E-mail Updates at the time of contest entry.
If elements of our privacy policy change, we will post the policy changes to our web site. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our website periodically.
Consistent with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (“COPPA”), which took effect in April of 2001, Cross-Stitch-Art.com will never knowingly request or collect personal information from any person under 13 years of age without prior verifiable parental consent.
If we become aware that an individual is under the age of 13 and has submitted any information to Cross-Stitch-Art.com for any purpose without prior verifiable parental consent, then we will delete his or her information from our files.
If this policy changes, Cross-Stitch-Art.com will revise this portion of its privacy policy and will comply with the requirements of the COPPA, which include providing notice and choice to each child’s parent or guardian before collecting personal information.
We do not rent, sell or exchange e-mail addresses.
We ask for your e-mail address for online purchases in order to communicate with you about your order.
We provide online support during your preparation, stitching, blocking, matting and framing. We want you to have the finest completed cross stitch work of art possible.
Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
© 2020 Cross Stitch Art.
Home
Shop
Tutorials
French Knot Tutorial
The Stem Stitch and the Outline Stitch
Gridding
3 Great Cross Stitch Tips
Resources
Prevent Stitching Aches and Pain
5 Tips for Working with Metallic Threads
Which is The Best Cross-Stitch Fabric?
Fabrics
Choosing the Right Kit
Hall of Fame
Blog
Contact