http://crossstitchuk.com/terms
Register
Login
0 item(s) - £0.00
Your shopping cart is empty!
Shopping Cart
Checkout
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
Company DetailsCROSSSTITCHUK LTDTrading As Cross Stitch UK19 Colton CloseBastonPeterboroughPE6 9QHRegistered in England & Wales, company number 12460496GeneralThese terms and conditions apply to all transactions placed online, by e-mail or telephone. Please read carefully before placing any order.Prices / VATIt is our policy to offer goods at the most reasonable price possible, however, if due to circumstances beyond our control, we deem it necessary to alter any advertised price, we reserve the right to do so without prior notice. CrossstitchUK  Ltd is not VAT registered and we do not charge VAT on your purchases, therefore, we are unable to refund the VAT on overseas purchases.Payment OptionsOnline we accept Visa, Visa Debit, MasterCard, Delta, Switch, Solo and PayPal. If you order offline we will send an invoice via PayPal which you can pay via PayPal or via debit / credit card. All transactions are processed securely online through our preferred payment processor  PayPal.All card payments are processed immediately your order is placed.Ownership of GoodsAll goods remain the property of Cross Stitch UK until paid for in full.DeliveryWe endeavour to despatch all orders within 7 working days. If the item you have ordered is not in stock we will order the item for you, which may result in a slight delay. If this is the case we will inform you via email. All goods are subject to availability. In the event that we are unable to supply your goods within 28 days, we will inform you immediately and advise you of the expected delivery date.All products are delivered either by courier or by post, depending on their size and value. On rare occasions different products in the same order may be delivered separately.International customers please note: If your parcel exceeds 2kg, we reserve the right to amend shipping charges. If this applies to you we will contact you at the earliest opportunity.Import DutyGoods can be can be sent worldwide and your order may be subject to import duties which are levied when the delivery reaches the specified destination. Although individual kits are below most country thresholds for duty these duties and taxes can vary considerably from country to country and you will be responsible for payment of these if required.CancellationYou have the right to cancel your purchase at any time either before or up to 7 days following the day you receive the goods by e-mailing us at info@crossstitchuk.com stating the order number, a description of the goods or services concerned and the reason why you want to return the goods.If you cancel your order after the goods have been despatched, you will be responsible for returning the goods to Cross Stitch UK at your own risk and cost.All returns are subject to the following conditions, except where the goods are faulty:The product must be complete, new, unused and in a  re-saleable conditionA proof of purchase must be supplied.You cannot cancel your purchase when:The goods were a special order to your specification or a kit we ordered in on your behalf28 days has elapsed following receipt of the goodsUntil such time as you return the goods to us you must take reasonable care of the item(s) and not use them. Any use of the delivered goods beyond that necessary to inspect the goods upon delivery will invalidate your right to cancel the contract. If you are returning goods from overseas you must clearly mark the package "Returned goods of UK origin" to enable Customs clearance. If you do not do this and Customs charge duty on the return we either reject the package or deduct this from any refund payable.ContentAny information displayed on our web site(s) or other printed matter by the company is not regarded to be authoritative or certified as the best practice and is only considered to be useful supplementary advice to other certified codes of practice. All information on our web site is updated regularly.Pricing and Print ErrorsPrices and specifications are checked to the best of our ability, and whilst every effort has been made to make them accurate, no responsibility will be accepted for errors and omissions. We reserve the right to alter our prices and specifications without notice.Privacy PolicyThis privacy policy covers www.crossstitchuk.com, its Web sites, and any other method of selling.You can browse our site(s) without disclosing any personal data to us. We do not automatically log personal data nor do we link information automatically logged by other means with personal data about specific individuals.We will collect and store information about you to allow us to firstly, process and fulfil any order requirements and secondly to provide you with the best possible service.We use the data for our own marketing purposes, once you grant permission, and to keep you up to date with any offers on our websites. The type of information that we will collect will include,Your title and name Known address Contact telephones numbers E-mail address Order details Individuals registering their details online may do so on the understanding that they are aware of the intended purpose for the collection of data. They may be sent further information / communication via email.For any matters relating to our privacy policy please contact us on +44 (0)44 1778 560915 or email to mail@crossstitchuk.comExternal Website LinksThis website also includes links to external websites, these sites are intended to be useful sources of information. We are not responsible for the content of these websites and we accept no liability for losses or damage caused by using this informationSecurityWe use secure industry standard SSL technology to ensure that your details are safe for all sales transactions with us. All information you provide is fully encrypted so that it cannot be read by third parties.We do not store credit card details nor do we share customer details with any 3rd parties.Law & JurisdictionAll contracts shall be governed by and construed in accordance with English Law and any dispute between us will be resolved exclusively in the courts of England and Wales. Nothing in these terms and conditions will be deemed to affect your statutory rights. By using this site you are agreeing to these terms and conditions'. All transactions with www.crosstitchuk.com will be governed by these terms and conditions.Reward Points Terms & ConditionsReward Points (Sew Rewarding) are valid for a period of 12months. Any points not used after the 12 month period will be cancelled. Your participation is subject to present and future program rules. Your participation is valid only at www.crossstitchuk.com and rewards may only be earned and redeemed on www.crossstitchuk.com Any purchases not made on our website are not entitled to reward points. Special offers and offers that may be on our social media pages are exempt from reward points.Participation in the CrossstitchUK Loyalty Points Scheme is a privilege granted to CrossstitchUK  customers and as such can be suspended, revoked or terminated at any time by CrossstitchUK  for any reason or for no reason. In the event of termination of your participation, all benefits including all accrued Loyalty Points and other program benefits will automatically and immediately be forfeited.TERMS OF SERVICE: From time to time, CrossstitchUK may temporarily amend the Loyalty Point reward equations, without notice to the users. A user only earns Loyalty Points based on activity on and via the CrossstitchUK website. Users may opt to purchase products without using their Loyalty Points. Users may not redeem or exchange accumulated Loyalty Points for cash. Users may not give/donate/transfer/share their Loyalty Points to another user’s account. CrossstitchUK specifically reserves the right to terminate, cancel, suspend and/or modify the CrossstitchUK Loyalty Points Scheme, or any specific user's participation in the CrossstitchUK Loyalty Points Scheme if any fraud, virus or other technical problem corrupts the administration, security, safety or proper function of the scheme as determined by CrossstitchUK in its sole discretion. In addition, CrossstitchUK reserves the right to terminate, cancel, suspend and/or permanently ban any specific user's participation in the scheme if CrossstitchUK suspects that such user is conducting fraudulent activity to acquire, accumulate or spend Loyalty points including, but not limited to, by a user creating multiple CrossstitchUK accounts, false referrals, etc.
Sign up
×
Enter your email and password.
First Name
Last Name
Email
Telephone
Password
Re-type Your Password
Submit