http://crossstitchuk.com/privacy
Register
Login
0 item(s) - £0.00
Your shopping cart is empty!
Shopping Cart
Checkout
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
We respect your privacy...
Personal Information
Cross Stitch UK is committed to protecting your on-line privacy and takes the management & implementation of any identifiable data extremely seriously.  When you use our website we may, in order to process/progress your order obtain the following information. NameAddress & Delivery addressTelephone NumberDetails of the items you have orderedCredit/Debit card details. The information we gather is used for the following reasons:To ensure that your order is progressed as smoothly as possible or that we need to contact you to inform you of any issues with your order.To ensure that any future visits to our site are as user friendly and time efficient as possible.  This means that you do not have to re-enter your information numerous times.  To contact you and keep you updated with our weekly newsletter and to keep you updated with special offers and promotions.  We do NOT use any 3rd parties in order to profile our customers or their spending habits.Web SecurityOur on-line shop uses the very latest Encryption technology (SSL) to ensure that ALL your transactions with us are COMPLETELY and at ALL TIMES protected. When you proceed to make a payment, you will pointed to a secure section within our website.  This section will show a padlock this will indicate that you have entered a secure & protected site. Cross Stitch UK uses PayPal as its preferred method of payment. This helps us to ensure that all card payments are safe and secure.  This service will protect your card against fraudulent use.Your passwords (if a member of PayPal are held directly with PayPal and can only be accessed by the PayPal member).  All Credit/Debit card information is safely stored and encrypted and cannot be accessed by Cross Stitch UK. Cross Stitch UK does not and is not able to obtain any of this information from PayPal.E-Mail CorrespondenceCross Stitch UK provides a contact us email address which allows customers/or potential customers to email us with any questions about orders, potential orders, or product information. By emailing us, Cross Stitch UK will have access to your email address and any other personal information that you may have provided. ie: Name, telephone number, address details.  We will only use the information you have provided us with it in order to help and assist you. Once your issues/request/query has been dealt with, we will delete the email and will not use your email address for any marketing purposes (unless you subscribed to our Newsletter) None of your personal information will be gathered for marketing purposes.  Marketing CommunicationOur customers privacy is of the highest importance to us and we will NEVER release your personal information to any 3rd party or agencies for the purpose of marketing.Cross Stitch UK offers an Op-in service for anybody who would like to receive any Cross Stitch UK marketing materials, namely, our weekly Newsletter, and special offer and flash sale information. You can at any time if you wish unsubscribe to our Newsletters (via the unsubscribe option on ALL of our Newsletters)Cross Stitch UK does not purchase mailing lists from any other 3rd party.All Newsletter subscribers have willingly and freely signed up for our Newsletter.   Disclosure of Your InformationWe do not disclose any of our customers private information to any other 3rd party We have no subsidiaries, We do not use 3rd party marketing companies for any marketing or leafleting activities, We do not use credit scoring companies.  All information given to cross stitch UK is used and stored by Cross Stitch UK ONLY Your data will only be shared with third parties in the following event.If Cross Stitch UK sells the business and its assets, your data will then be shared with the prospective seller or buyer of the business.We will, if under duty to disclose or share your personal date in order to comply with any legal obligation or in order to force our terms and of use and agreement, or to protect the right and property of Cross Stitch UK.  This will also include organisations for the purpose of fraud.  The information that be shared with any such organisation will only be the information required for that agency to perform their allocated function.Where We Store Your Personal DataAll of our customer information & data is stored in the UK on a safe & secure, encrypted network.  Our Operating System is password protected.Your personal date is NOT or shared with any 3rd partiesDeleting Your AccountYou can, if you so wish close your account with us at anytime.  You can contact us via the contact us section of the website, email us at crossstitchuk@btinternet.com or call us on 07838 180 556. All of your personal information will automatically be deleted and you will no longer have access to your purchase history, or Sew Rewarding points. You will still be able to purchase from us as a quest.   Contact UsYou have the right under the Data Protection Act 1988 to access any information that Cross Stitch UK Hold about you.  You have the right in accordance with this act to request this information at any time.You may also, if you so wish update your details at any time via your account with Cross Stitch UK or you can request changes to be made via crossstitchuk@btinternet.com or call us on 07838 180 556Cookie PolicyCookies and flash cookies (“Cookies) are small text files which ask permission to be placed on a computer or other device. Once agreed, the file is added and it then allows us to tailor our web content to fit the needs of our customers who have accessed the site and help us to improve their online experience. “Session Cookies” identify a session and are deleted after closing the session and “Permanent Cookies” permanently store browsing history on your data medium. We also use third party Cookies on our Website to improve our products and services.A cookie does not gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept, restrict or decline cookies. Most web browsers will automatically accept cookies, but you can modify your browser settings to decline cookies if you prefer.Please note that cookies are computer specific, so if you log on to any website from a different computer, the cookie settings on that computer will apply.By using the Cross Stitch UK website you are agreeing to the use of cookies. Certain features of our website cannot function without them.
Sign up
×
Enter your email and password.
First Name
Last Name
Email
Telephone
Password
Re-type Your Password
Submit