https://cryoflesh.com/en-gb/privacy-policy
Categories
New Products
Outerwear
Hoodies (3)
Jackets (5)
Show All Outerwear
Tops
Corsets (1)
Fishnets (3)
Long Sleeve (4)
Short Sleeve (7)
Sleeveless (5)
Show All Tops
Bottoms
Kilts (2)
Pants (32)
Shorts (1)
Skirts (5)
Show All Bottoms
Dresses
Jumpsuits
Swimwear
Boardshorts (2)
Show All Swimwear
Footwear
Boots (0)
Show All Footwear
Accessories
Armwarmers (1)
Bandanas (1)
Belts (1)
Goggles (2)
Pockets (3)
Wristbands (6)
Show All Accessories
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
We take your privacy seriously.  We're not going to sell your information to anyone, and we don't have any marketing partners to provide it to.  As long as you can prove that it is you who is making the request, either by receiving mail at an address on file for your account or by sending us proof, we are happy to either remove your information from our records or send you a copy of any information we have that is associated with you (whether or not you live in the EU).  We keep order information indefinitely, and if you request removal of your data we will anonymize but not remove our records of your order.  It might take us up to 3 weeks to do this.  Our DPO can be reached at falcon@cryoflesh.com.
From time to time, we may send you e-mail or postal mail to your address on file with us.  If you don't want us to do this, please email order@cryoflesh.com and we'll make a note of it.
We do share your information with our service providers, like the couriers we use to quote and ship your order, the services we buy postage from, our e-mail providers, and our payment processors; this sharing is limited to what is necessary to do business with you.  If you place an order with us, you consent to us using your information to ship your product and include your order in the data we use to review our store's performance.
We use cookies to keep track of your cart and your login status on the site; our site wouldn't work without this.  We also use Google Analytics and a Facebook pixel to check our site's performance; we avoid disclosing your personally identifiable information to Google and Facebook.  You can view Google's privacy policy for this data at https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites, and Facebook's at https://www.facebook.com/policy.php.