http://custompackrigging.com/custompackriggingcom/newcms/privacy-policy-2/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This is a privacy policy for Custom PackRigging Ltd. Custom PackRigging Ltd. respects your privacy. Below is an outline of the information that Custom PackRigging gathers, how it is used, and how you can “opt-out”:
We invite you to contact us if you have questions about this policy. You may contact us by mail at the following address:
Custom PackRigging Ltd.334 Main St, Box 1789Lillooet, British ColumbiaCanada V0K 1V0
You may contact us by email, using our Contact Form.
Site Visits:
Whenever you request a page through your browser, navigation and clickstream data such as your IP address, browser and version, operating system, date and time and the site from which you came are stored in a log file and/or database.
This information cannot be used to identify specific individuals, and is only used for web site and system administration, research and development, anonymous user analysis, and to provide accurate statistics to in the form of aggregated data.
The email addresses collected from subscriptions to newsletters, or any business interactions are not sold, or disclosed to any third parties. These addresses will only be used by our business to send out communications (for example, newsletters, or information pertaining to your order inquiry). You will not receive any mailings you did not request. You can remove yourself from our list at any time by sending an email to us using our Contact Form with remove in the comments section.
Cookies are a technology which can be used to provide you with tailored information from a web site. A cookie is an element of data that a web site can send to your browser, and which your browser may then store on your system. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie. Doing this will allow you to decide on a case-by-case basis whether to accept cookies or not.
Cookies on this site are used by ourselves, our traffic management system, and occasionally by customers who use 3rd party ad serving solutions. Cookies are used for ad tracking, customization of content (i.e. not repeating pop-up windows), storing login information, and statistical site-traffic analysis.
If you purchase products directly from Custom PackRigging Ltd., your contact information and a transaction history will be kept by Custom PackRigging Ltd.
Any data collected will be used by ourselves and our agents. Custom PackRigging Ltd hereby reserves the right to transfer any data collected in the event of an acquisition, full or partial, of the company or its assets.
If you have questions regarding our privacy policies, or require assistance in opting out of our email lists, please contact us.
{ Privacy Policy }
{ Shipping Information }
{ Contact Us }