http://cutratebatteries.com/pages/legal-notice
Free Ground Shipping On Orders Over $149No Sales Tax Outside Kansas
My Account
Contact
Checkout
Navigation Section
Home
Battery Packs
Barcode Printer Batteries
Barcode Scanner Batteries
Flashlight Batteries
GPS Receiver Batteries
Medical Batteries
Laptop Computer Batteries
Pager Batteries
Thermal Imaging Camera Batteries
Two Way Radio Batteries
Wireless Phone Batteries
Battery Chargers
Laptop Computer Chargers
Two Way Radio Chargers
Wireless Phone Chargers
Accessories
Barcode Printer Accessories
Barcode Scanner Accessories
Two Way Radio Accessories
Wireless Phone Accessories
Radio Charger Accessories
Your cart (0)
Home
Battery Packs
Battery Chargers
Accessories
Your cart (0)
Home Slider
LEGAL
NOTICE
Welcome to CutRateBatteries.com (hereafter referred to as "Site"), which is owned and operated by Cut-Rate Batteries LLC. (“Cut-Rate Batteries”). Cut-Rate Batteries maintains the Site as a service to its visitors, subject to the following terms and conditions concerning the use of the Site ("Terms of Use"). You have the permission to view, download, and print contents from the Site solely for the purpose of placing an order with Cut-Rate Batteries or using this Site as a shopping resource. The content may not be modified or altered in any way. Any use of the content in the Site for republication, modification, or distribution without prior written consent of Cut-Rate Batteries is strictly prohibited.
You may not use any meta tag or any other "hidden text" utilizing Cut-Rate Batteries’ name or trademarks without the express written consent of Cut-Rate Batteries. You may not use any Cur-Rate Batteries logo or other proprietary graphic or trademark as part of the link without prior written permission.
All brand names, logos, and trademarks referenced on this site remain the property of their respective owners. They are used for descriptive purposes, and to demonstrate compatibility only. Cut-Rate Batteries is not affiliated with, or endorsed by any brand name manufacturer. We do not sell original name-brand batteries or chargers. Users accept all Cut-Rate Batteries policies expressed on this site.
Privacy Statements
We respect your right to privacy and have developed a Privacy Policy to inform you about our privacy practices. Please view our Privacy Policy to learn more about the company's privacy guidelines.
Algolia Search
Search
Results