http://cutratebatteries.com/pages/privacy-policy
Free Ground Shipping On Orders Over $149No Sales Tax Outside Kansas
My Account
Contact
Checkout
Navigation Section
Home
Battery Packs
Barcode Printer Batteries
Barcode Scanner Batteries
Flashlight Batteries
GPS Receiver Batteries
Medical Batteries
Laptop Computer Batteries
Pager Batteries
Thermal Imaging Camera Batteries
Two Way Radio Batteries
Wireless Phone Batteries
Battery Chargers
Laptop Computer Chargers
Two Way Radio Chargers
Wireless Phone Chargers
Accessories
Barcode Printer Accessories
Barcode Scanner Accessories
Two Way Radio Accessories
Wireless Phone Accessories
Radio Charger Accessories
Your cart (0)
Home
Battery Packs
Battery Chargers
Accessories
Your cart (0)
Home Slider
PRIVACY
POLICY
At CutRateBatteries.com, we are committed to protecting your privacy.
We use the information we collect about you only to process orders and to provide a more personalized shopping experience. In short, we do not sell, rent or trade your personal information to others. Please continue to read for more about our privacy policy.
What Information Does CutRateBatteries.com Collect? How Does CutRateBatteries.com Use This Information?
When you order, we request certain information from you such as your name, e-mail, shipping & billing address, credit card number and its expiration date. This allows us to process and fulfill your orders and to notify you of your order status.
When you choose to invite others to our site by our referral program, we ask for their names and e-mail addresses. An automatic e-mail is then sent from us to the e-mail address you provide. We store this information to measure the success rate of our referral program.
Occasionally, we may conduct surveys or contests. Participation in either is absolutely voluntary. We may ask for your name, address and e-mail, so the contest can be administered and winners notified. Aggregate survey information can be used by us to help enhance the design and functionality of our site.
Although very rare, if necessary we may also need to e-mail you about important service related issues at CutRateBatteries.com, such as temporary suspension of our service for maintenance.
How Does CutRateBatteries.com Protect Customer Information?
We take every precaution to protect your information both online and offline. We use secure servers supporting industry standard 128-bit SSL (Secure Socket Layer) protocol. These internal servers are behind firewall protection. During the ordering process, transmissions move along the Internet in encrypted form and are decoded when they reach us.
What About Cookies?
Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser in your computer and are commonly used on Websites. They do not harm your system. Cookies are used to store and remember items in your shopping cart during your visit. We also use cookies to monitor our user's points of entry to our site for marketing and affiliate programs purposes.
Does CutRateBatteries.com Disclose the Information it Collects to Outside Parties?
We do not sell, trade or rent your personal information to others. We do reserve the right to publish comments of our customers on our site as testimonials. If we do publish your comments, we will include names only after approval from you - we will never publish your name if we don't have your approval.
We may also need to disclose information when required by law to comply with certain legal, regulatory, or law enforcement procedures, if we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary or required.
Links
We may include links to other sites. If you use, or choose to use these links, we recommend you read the privacy statements of each. We are not responsible for their individual privacy practices.
In Summary
We are committed to protecting your privacy. We use the information we collect on the site to make shopping at CutRateBatteries.com possible and to enhance your overall shopping experience. We do not sell, trade or rent your personal information to others.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by us, and agree to the policies presented on this site. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, so you are always aware of what information we collect how we use it and under what circumstances we disclose it.
Tell Us What You Think
CutRateBatteries.com welcomes your questions and comments about privacy. Please e-mail us for more information. Thank You.
Algolia Search
Search
Results