https://cyclonetaylor.com/security-and-privacy
Home
/
Privacy Policy & Security Policy - Cyclone Taylor Sports
×
Price:
Actual Price:
Add to Cart
Our price is lower than the manufacturer's "minimum advertised price."
As a result, we cannot show you the price in catalog or the product page.
You have no obligation to purchase the product once you know the price. You can simply remove the item from your cart.
Our price is lower than the manufacturer's "minimum advertised price."
As a result, we cannot show you the price in catalog or the product page.
You have no obligation to purchase the product once you know the price. You can simply remove the item from your cart.
WHEN DO WE ASK FOR INFORMATION?
WHAT DO WE DO WITH YOUR INFORMATION?
HOW DO WE PROTECT YOUR CREDIT CARD INFORMATION?
OUR COMMITMENT TO YOU, OUR VALUED CUSTOMER
At CycloneTaylor.com, we are committed to protecting your privacy. We have been in business since 1957 and have also operated our online store since 1999 – that’s a long time! We understand that this brings a lot of responsibility with it, and that’s ok. Any personal or sensitive information that we collect will only be used to process your order*.
WHEN DO WE ASK FOR INFORMATION?
Once you fill up your shopping cart and are ready to checkout, we will ask you for the following information:
Billing Information (Name, Address, Phone Number Email Address, etc)
Shipping Information
Preferred Shipping Method
We ship most of our orders via Purolator. A number of their services are available depending on how quickly you require your order. For more information on our FREE Shipping Policy, Click Here.
Payment Method: We accept Visa, MasterCard, American Express, Discover, and PayPal. However, if you want to inquire about using a different method of payment, please don't hesitate to Contact Us.
WHAT DO WE DO WITH YOUR INFORMATION?
The personal/sensitive information that you provide us when you checkout is strictly used to process that order. At CycloneTaylor.com, we will never sell or otherwise release your personal information to any third party. Unless you ask us to, we will not contact you for any other reason than to process your order and provide a tracking number.
HOW DO WE PROTECT YOUR CREDIT CARD INFORMATION?
Whenever you place an order with CycloneTaylor.com, you can trust that your personal/sensitive information will be protected. It is important to note the following:
Our website features an EV (extended validation) SSL (secure sockets layer) certificate, which is the highest available level of security, trust and authentication for a website. If you notice in the address bar at the top of the page, you will see a green bar that displays our full legal company name - you can be assured that our entire website (including the shopping cart, obviously) is fully secure. The EV SSL certificate will protect you, our valued customer, from phishing and other malicious attacks
The 'S' at the end HTTPS stands for 'Secure.' This means that all communications between your web browser and our website are secure and encrypted:
Our website also uses SiteLock Domain Security, which protects you (and us). This added security service protects our website from hackers, malware, and other threats. The service scans our website daily and instantly alerts us if any vulnerabilities are detected.
We also use “cookies” on our website, which are essentially small bits of information that are stored on your computer’s hard drive by your web browser. Although our cookies don’t store any of your private information, they do allow us to keep items in your shopping cart between visits or during the same visit.  Whether you want your web browser to accept cookies or not is up to you. For more information on enabling and disabling cookies, please click on your default web browser below:
Firefox
Google Chrome
Internet Explorer
Safari
If you have any questions or concerns about our website’s security, please don’t hesitate to Contact Us.
*If you have signed up for our online newsletters, your email address will be occasionally used so that we can communicate news, exclusive promos and contests with you.
**In rare circumstances, we may also be required to ask for your social security or tax ID number on items such as clothing, jerseys, or large value purchases. This information is required on some items by U.S. Customs.
Information
Store Locations
Contact Us
About Us
The Cyclone Taylor Story
Site Map
Security and Privacy
Why Buy From Us?
FREE Shipping Policy
Cyclone's Price Guarantee
Return and Exchanges
Warranties
Tracking Your Order
Check Gift Card Balance
Contact
Vancouver:
604-266-3316
Surrey:
604-575-8801
Coquitlam:
604-936-0481
Richmond:
604-448-1748
Toll-Free:
1-800-665-2188
Sales@CycloneTaylor.com
BE THE FIRST TO KNOW
Sign Up for Our Newsletter:
Subscribe
Your Currency:
Canadian Dollar - CAD
US Dollar - USD
© 2018 Cyclone Taylor Sports. All Rights Reserved. Developed by: Dimensional Business Solutions.