https://dancetimepublications.com/about-dancetime-publications/privacy-policy/
Dancetime PublicationsThe Rich History of Dance on DVD
Home
Our Films
Dance by Era
15th-19th Century
16th Century
17th-18th Century
19th Century
20th Century
Century Overview
Dance Interests
Ballet
Baroque Dance
Hispanic-African American
Modern Dance
Social Dance
Tap Dance
Vernacular Dance
Popular Web Searches
Ballet
Baroque
Charleston
Contra
Cotillion
Jitterbug, Jive, Lindy, Swing
Mazurka
Modern Dance
Polka
Ragtime
Romantic Ballet
Tap
Vaudeville
Production Style
Dance Documentary
Dance in Film
Dance Instruction
Dance Performance
Special Interests
African-American History
American History/Art/Culture
Civil War History
French History/Art/Culture
Historic Reenactment-Medieval through Civil War
PE Teachers
Renaissance Fair Enthusiasts
Social Studies/History
Vaudeville/Cabaret Dance
Special Offers
Archival Videos
Discount Packages
Music CDs
Dancetime Publications Policies
Library & Institutional Licensing
Ordering Information
Guarantee & Returns
Privacy Policy
On Demand
Library & Institutional Licensing
Dance Culture Editorial
Newsletter Archives
Resources
Social Dance Timeline
Source Books: 15th-20th Century
Source Books: Costumes & Etiquette
Additional Dance History DVDs
American Ballet
Ballet in Western Europe
Russian Ballet Companies & Stars
Ballets Russes: The Legacy of Diaghilev in the West
19th Century Ballet Classics
20th Century Masterpieces
Modern Dance
Social Dance
Popular Dance Entertainment
Press
Press Releases
About Us
Meet Yauri Dalencour
Meet Carol Teten
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
General
Dancetime Publications (DTP) respects the privacy of every individual who visits our web sites, responds to any of our mailings, or sends us e-mail. This Privacy Statement outlines the information DTP will collect and how we will use that information. This Statement will also instruct you on what to do if you do not want your personal information collected or shared when you visit our websites, respond to our web-based mailings or send us email.
Security
We are committed to protecting the security of your personal information. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. For example, we store the personal information you provide on computer systems with limited access that are located in controlled facilities. When we transmit highly confidential information (such as a credit card number) over the Internet, we protect it through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Credit Card Information
No Credit Card or financial information is keep on our servers. We use authorize.net and paypal as our credit card processor(s). Any personal information sent to them across the internet is encrypted and unreadable by any one or thing other than paypals computers.
Personal Information
DTP will not collect any personally-identifiable information about you (that is, your name, address, telephone number, email address, credit card billing information, etc.) unless you provide it to us voluntarily.
The following are some examples of when DTP may require that you provide personally-identifiable information:
To complete an online order for a product or service
To register as an eSeller, Freelancer, or customer
To request more information about new or current DTP products or services
If you do not want your personally-identifiable information collected, please do not submit it to us. If you have already submitted this information and would like for us to remove it from our records, please contact us at the address listed at the bottom of this Statement. We will use reasonable efforts to delete your information from our existing files.
When you do provide us with personally-identifiable information, we may use that information in the following ways, unless stated otherwise:
We may store and process that information to better understand all customer needs and how we can improve our products and services for all customers
We may use that information to contact you with new promotions and announcements if you have previously provided your permission and if the promotions and announcements are in your interest
We may contact you if we have questions about your account DTP will not rent, sell, or lease personally-identifiable information to third parties.
We will not disclose personal information except as follows:
To persons or companies who help us provide products and services to you. We may share information with business partners. We will only provide those companies the personal information they need to deliver the service and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information and are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose.
When required by law. DTP may access and/or disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with the law, to enforce our software licenses and other rights, or to protect the rights and safety of others. This may include exchanging information with law enforcement agencies, or with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk.
As part of a sale of our assets or a merger of our company. We may in the future sell all or part of our assets or be involved in a merger. It is customary for user information to be included with the transferred assets in these types of transactions.
Non-Personal Information
In some cases, we may collect information about you that is not personally-identifiable. Examples of this type of information include the type of Internet Browser you are using, the type of computer operating system you are using, and the domain name of the web site and/or Internet Service Provider from which you linked to our site or advertisement.
Similar to personally identifiable information, we will not rent, sell, or lease non-personally-identifiable information.
We and our advertising partners, including advertising networks, use information gathered through cookies and other similar technologies, as well as other information we or they may have,
to help make decisions about the ads you see on other sites. For example, if you visit our website site, you may later see a related ad from us on a Web site you visit. To opt-out of targeted advertising from many other ad networks click here
You can configure most standard Web browsers to alert you when a Web site is attempting to send a cookie to your computer and to allow you to accept or refuse the cookie. You also can set most standard browsers to disable the capacity to receive cookies, and to delete cookies you previously have accepted. Please note that some Web pages may not work correctly if you have cookies disabled. More information about deleting and controlling cookies is available at www.AboutCookies.org
.
Your Shopping Cart
You have 0
items
($0.00) in your shopping cart.
Subtotal:
$0.00
View Cart | Checkout
You have 0 items
in your shopping cart.
View Cart
Join our mailing list
Product Categories Our Dance DVD Store (38)
Dance by Era (18)
15th-19th Century (11)
20th Century (8)
17th-18th Century (5)
19th Century (5)
16th Century (2)
Century Overview (2)
Dance Interests (18)
Social Dance (9)
Baroque Dance (4)
Vernacular Dance (4)
Ballet (2)
Hispanic-African American (2)
Modern Dance (2)
Tap Dance (1)
Production Style (17)
Dance Instruction (7)
Dance Performance (5)
Dance Documentary (4)
Dance in Film (2)
Special Interests (17)
American History/Art/Culture (12)
PE Teachers (11)
Historic Reenactment-Medieval through Civil War (8)
Social Studies/History (5)
African-American History (4)
Civil War History (4)
French History/Art/Culture (4)
Victorian Costume/Art/History/Culture (4)
Renaissance Fair Enthusiasts (2)
Vaudeville/Cabaret Dance (1)
Popular Web Searches (16)
Baroque (4)
Contra (3)
Jitterbug, Jive, Lindy, Swing (3)
Mazurka (3)
Polka (3)
Ballet (2)
Charleston (2)
Cotillion (2)
Modern Dance (2)
Ragtime (2)
Vaudeville (2)
Romantic Ballet (1)
Tap (1)
Special Offers (20)
Discount Packages (9)
Archival Videos (6)
Music CDs (5)
Dancetime Publications
Distribution:11212 Indian Trail
Dallas, TX 75229 USA
Office: +1-972-247-9955
support@dancetimepublications.com
Copyright © 2020 · Dancetime Publications · All Rights Reserved
They danced to tell the world about living
Culture that inspires you
Dancetime Publications will soon allow patrons to stream on our site!
Want to be the first to use? Sign up for Early Access and other updates.
Email Address
*
Postal Code
check here
Interested in Early Access to dtp.com streaming?
Affinity Group
What are you?Dancer/ChoreographerDance Studio Teacher/OwnerCultural EnthusiastHome SchoolerK-12 TeacherProfessorHistorianOther