https://dancetimepublications.com/about-dancetime-publications/dancetime-publications-website-policies/
Dancetime PublicationsThe Rich History of Dance on DVD
Home
Our Films
Dance by Era
15th-19th Century
16th Century
17th-18th Century
19th Century
20th Century
Century Overview
Dance Interests
Ballet
Baroque Dance
Hispanic-African American
Modern Dance
Social Dance
Tap Dance
Vernacular Dance
Popular Web Searches
Ballet
Baroque
Charleston
Contra
Cotillion
Jitterbug, Jive, Lindy, Swing
Mazurka
Modern Dance
Polka
Ragtime
Romantic Ballet
Tap
Vaudeville
Production Style
Dance Documentary
Dance in Film
Dance Instruction
Dance Performance
Special Interests
African-American History
American History/Art/Culture
Civil War History
French History/Art/Culture
Historic Reenactment-Medieval through Civil War
PE Teachers
Renaissance Fair Enthusiasts
Social Studies/History
Vaudeville/Cabaret Dance
Special Offers
Archival Videos
Discount Packages
Music CDs
Dancetime Publications Policies
Library & Institutional Licensing
Ordering Information
Guarantee & Returns
Privacy Policy
On Demand
Library & Institutional Licensing
Dance Culture Editorial
Newsletter Archives
Resources
Social Dance Timeline
Source Books: 15th-20th Century
Source Books: Costumes & Etiquette
Additional Dance History DVDs
American Ballet
Ballet in Western Europe
Russian Ballet Companies & Stars
Ballets Russes: The Legacy of Diaghilev in the West
19th Century Ballet Classics
20th Century Masterpieces
Modern Dance
Social Dance
Popular Dance Entertainment
Press
Press Releases
About Us
Meet Yauri Dalencour
Meet Carol Teten
Contact Us
Dancetime Publications Website Policies
Our Guarantee
We stand behind our merchandise 100%. Dancetime Publications products are guaranteed against defects in material. In the unlikely event of defect Dancetime Publications will repair or replace the product as soon as possible. Please send your defective item to the address below.
Dancetime Publications is available to assist you with questions or problems regarding your video, CD, or DVD purchase. We are also happy to try to answer any questions you may have on Western Social Dance history.
Please share your questions, comments, and suggestions about our site by email.
Returns and Exchanges
Our products can be returned for an exchange or refund less shipping and handling. Products must be returned within 30 days of delivery with a copy of your receipt. Shipping and handling charges will be refunded if the error is ours. Returns must be shipped prepaid and include return authorization. No C.O.D.’s.
Send defective merchandise to:
Dancetime Publications
c/o OZ Fulfillment
11212 Indian Trail
Dallas, TX 75229
USA
Toll Free: 1-888-854-5602
Direct: +1-972-247-9955
Fax: +1-972-247-9959
Security And Privacy
We realize that making purchases at dancetimepublications.com, or any other website, requires trust on your part. We value your trust very highly, and pledge to you, our customer, that we are committed to ensuring the privacy of your personal information and will use any information you give us in a responsible manner. You are very important to us and we are dedicated to providing you with a safe and secure online experience.
This Privacy Statement describes how we collect and use your information and gives you choices as to how we use it. We suggest that you review this Privacy Statement periodically as we may update it from time to time.
What do we collect and how do we use it?
We do not rent, sell, barter or trade e-mail addresses.
When you place an order with dancetimepublications.com we collect your name, address, telephone number, credit card information, your e-mail address and the products and services you select. We use this information to fulfill your order and to communicate with you about your order.
We may share information with governmental agencies or other companies assisting us in fraud prevention or investigation. We may do so when: (1) permitted or required by law; or, (2) trying to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud or unauthorized transactions; or, (3) investigating fraud which has already taken place. The information is not provided to these companies for marketing purposes.
When you contact us via e-mail we may collect the information you provide to assist us in our correspondence with you.
After you have ordered from dancetimepublications.com, we add your information to our customer database. You may receive periodic mailings from us about new products and services, discounts, special promotions or upcoming events. If you do not want to receive such mailings from us, please contact us.
What are ‘cookies’ and how does Dancetime Publications use them?
A “cookie” is a small data file that contains a unique identifier.
Our current technology platform requires that your browser be set to accept cookies to place orders on our site. Cookies keep track of the items that you order during your shopping session so that when you’re ready to check out, all of the items you’ve placed in your shopping cart will be there and ready for purchase.
How can I update my information?
Simply call or write to us to request access to the following information and we will make it available to you:
transaction information (dates on which you made purchases, amounts and types of purchases)
contact information (name, address, phone number)
We evaluate each request and will reply in an appropriate manner and in a form of communication that ensures the security of the information you have requested.
How do I know my information is secure?
We have appropriate security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site so you can feel comfortable and secure when shopping. When you see either a solid key icon or a locked padlock icon at the lower portion of your browser window then the site is secured through Secure Sockets Layer (SSL). With SSL implemented on both the client and server, information sent via the Internet can be trusted to arrive privately and unaltered to our server only. We always use industry-standard encryption technologies when transferring and receiving your personal information on our site. Pages requesting personal information should always have one of these icons. If you do not see one of these icons, or still have concerns about ordering electronically, please call Toll free: 1-888-854-5602 to simply place your order over the phone.
Please note that e-mail is not encrypted and is not considered a secure means of transmitting credit card numbers.
Children’s Policy
Dancetime Publications does not seek to solicit information from anyone under the age of thirteen (a “Child”). If a Child submits information to us through any part of our Website, and we know that the person submitting the information is a Child, we will not use it for any purpose. We will delete the information as soon as we discover it and we will not disclose it to third parties.
Setting your browser to accept cookies
Consult the online Help for your browser to find out whether it accepts cookies and how to change the cookie setting.
If you’re receiving a message that your cart is empty, it’s usually because your browser is unable to accept cookies. The quick fix? Just change your browser’s security setting to “enable cookies.” You can change your cookie setting back to its original configuration as soon as you have submitted your order.
You may be wondering why you need cookies. Our site is designed to use cookies to hold items that you order during your shopping session. When you’re ready to check out, all of the items are saved in your shopping cart by using the cookie. If you don’t enable cookies in your browser, our site won’t remember what you’ve ordered, therefore making your shopping cart empty.
Your Shopping Cart
You have 0
items
($0.00) in your shopping cart.
Subtotal:
$0.00
View Cart | Checkout
You have 0 items
in your shopping cart.
View Cart
Join our mailing list
Product Categories Our Dance DVD Store (38)
Dance by Era (18)
15th-19th Century (11)
20th Century (8)
17th-18th Century (5)
19th Century (5)
16th Century (2)
Century Overview (2)
Dance Interests (18)
Social Dance (9)
Baroque Dance (4)
Vernacular Dance (4)
Ballet (2)
Hispanic-African American (2)
Modern Dance (2)
Tap Dance (1)
Production Style (17)
Dance Instruction (7)
Dance Performance (5)
Dance Documentary (4)
Dance in Film (2)
Special Interests (17)
American History/Art/Culture (12)
PE Teachers (11)
Historic Reenactment-Medieval through Civil War (8)
Social Studies/History (5)
African-American History (4)
Civil War History (4)
French History/Art/Culture (4)
Victorian Costume/Art/History/Culture (4)
Renaissance Fair Enthusiasts (2)
Vaudeville/Cabaret Dance (1)
Popular Web Searches (16)
Baroque (4)
Contra (3)
Jitterbug, Jive, Lindy, Swing (3)
Mazurka (3)
Polka (3)
Ballet (2)
Charleston (2)
Cotillion (2)
Modern Dance (2)
Ragtime (2)
Vaudeville (2)
Romantic Ballet (1)
Tap (1)
Special Offers (20)
Discount Packages (9)
Archival Videos (6)
Music CDs (5)
Dancetime Publications
Distribution:11212 Indian Trail
Dallas, TX 75229 USA
Office: +1-972-247-9955
support@dancetimepublications.com
Copyright © 2020 · Dancetime Publications · All Rights Reserved
They danced to tell the world about living
Culture that inspires you
Dancetime Publications will soon allow patrons to stream on our site!
Want to be the first to use? Sign up for Early Access and other updates.
Email Address
*
Postal Code
check here
Interested in Early Access to dtp.com streaming?
Affinity Group
What are you?Dancer/ChoreographerDance Studio Teacher/OwnerCultural EnthusiastHome SchoolerK-12 TeacherProfessorHistorianOther