https://danreadcosmetics.com/return-policy/
Skip to content
Return Policy & Shipping InformationDaven Hainsworth2019-07-11T16:28:27-05:00
Dan Read Cosmetics Shipping & Returns Policy
United States
This Return Policy includes all shipments within the United States, including Alaska, Hawaii, and Puerto Rico.  We primarily use USPS First Class. While most orders processed are shipped within 4-7 days, please allow 14 days for delivery.
Currently, the base shipping charge within this zone is $4.00. Certain items require special packaging and in those circumstances a shipping surcharge is required to complete the order. We will contact the buyer by phone before any additional charges are posted to the credit card account.
Free ground shipping on all orders $35 and over.
Canada & Mexico
DRC® orders from Canada and Mexico require USPS First Class mail. Buyer or recipient is responsible for any import duties or VAT that may be charged upon delivery. Most orders will be processed and shipped within 4-7 days. DRC® is not responsible for, nor able to estimate, actual delivery time.
Currently, the base shipping charge within this zone is $12.95. Certain items require special packaging and a shipping surcharge will need to be added. The buyer will be contacted by phone before any additional charges are posted to their credit card account.
All Other International Orders
The base shipping charge for all other international orders is $25 with buyer or recipient is responsible for any import duties or VAT that may be charged upon delivery. Most orders will be processed and shipped within 4-7 days. DRC® is not responsible for, nor able to estimate, actual delivery time. DRC® will select the best method of shipment available at the time the order is placed.
Shipping Charge Errors
On rare occasions, our shopping cart system experiences technical difficulties that result in the standard shipping charge not being included when the order is submitted. In these instances it will be necessary for Dan Read Cosmetics® to process this charge separately. We will contact you prior to executing this additional charge.
Return Policy
Once our product ships, we are unable to process returns due to the possibility of contamination. We will go to great lengths to help you select the right shade for your skin tone and share with you our techniques for applying our products so that you are able to enjoy all the benefits of the Dan Read Cosmetics® foundations and correctives. Call us at 615-431-1565  if you encounter any difficulties upon receipt of your order so that we can assist you. All sales are final.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. We care about Privacy and will never sell your information.OkNo Thanks!Privacy policy
Go to Top