https://danreadcosmetics.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy PolicyDaven Hainsworth2019-08-04T01:22:11-05:00
DAN READ COSMETICS PRIVACY POLICY
Dan Read Cosmetics, Inc has created this privacy policy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to the privacy of both the customer’s information as well as our own. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for danread.com as well as the following websites:
• danreadcsometics.com
• store.danreadcosmetics.com
Information Collected
We collect non-personally identifiable information about you in a number of ways. Our methods of information collection include tracking your activities through your IP address, computer settings or most-recently visited URL. We may also ask you to provide certain non-personally identifiable information about yourself, such as your age, household income, buying preferences, etc. We do not collect any personally identifiable information about you unless you voluntarily submit such information to us. For example, filling out an order form will provide us with this type of information. The types of information that may be requested include your contact information (i.e. addresses, phone numbers, etc) and financial information (i.e. account or credit card numbers). Contact information from the order form may be used to ship orders to customers. Financial information that is collected is used to bill the customer for products and services.
Use of IP Addresses
We use the customer’s IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our website. The IP address is also used to gather broad demographic information.
Use of Cookies and Web Beacons
When you view our website we might store some information on your computer. This information will be in the form of a “cookie” or similar file. Cookies are small pieces of information stored on your hard drive, not on our site. Cookies do not spy on you or otherwise invade your privacy, and they cannot invade your hard drive and steal information. They are designed to help you navigate our website as easily as possible.
Dan Read Cosmetics, Inc uses various third-party advertising technology sources to display ads to customers. In the course of displaying our advertisements to you, a unique third-party cookie may be placed or recognized on your browser. In addition, we use web beacons to help manage our online advertising. These web beacons enable our ad server to recognize a browser’s cookie when a browser visits this site and to learn which ads bring users to our site.
Other Websites and Links
This website contains links and references to other sites, and is in no way responsible for the privacy practices, security measures or the content of such websites.
Security
This website utilizes security measures to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of the information under our control.
Choice and Opt Out
You may opt-out of receiving communications from our partners and from us by sending an email to dan@danreadcosmetics.com.
Contacting Our Administrators
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, you can contact us at:
Consumer Affairs
Dan Read Cosmetics
720 Sandburg Place
Nashville, TN 37214
615-431-1565
customerservice@danreadcosmetics.com
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. We care about Privacy and will never sell your information.OkNo Thanks!Privacy policy
Go to Top