http://derbybox.com/privacy-policy.html
Derby Tickets
Covered Tickets
Dining Room Tickets
Derby/Oaks Combo
Overview
History
Past Winners
Photo Gallery
2019 Kentucky Derby
Kentucky Derby tickets - Available now from DerbyBox.com! Kentucky Derby Tickets. Please view our seating charts and various seat locations and Kentucky Derby tickets decide what is the best combination of price and location for you.
May 4th, 2019
Churchill Downs - Louisville, KY
Oaks Tickets
Covered Tickets
Front Row Tickets
Derby/Oaks Combo
Overview
History
Past Winners
Photo Gallery
2019 Kentucky Oaks
Kentucky Oaks Tickets allow you to experience the thrill of watching some of racing's best fillies under Churchill Downs' historic twin spires on the Friday before the Kentucky Derby. The Kentucky Oaks is second in racing popularity only to the Kentucky Derby, which takes the number one spot.
May 3rd, 2019
Churchill Downs - Louisville, KY
Horse Racing Tickets
Dawn at the Downs Breakfast
Thurby - Churchill Downs Racing
2018 Breeders Cup Tickets
2018 Breeders Cup Packages
Churchill Downs Tickets
Belmont Stakes Tickets
Breeders Cup Tickets
Keeneland Tickets
Preakness Stakes Tickets
Saratoga Tickets
Other Event Tickets
KFC Yum Center Tickets
Louisville Football Tickets
Louisville Basketball Tickets
Kentucky Basketball Tickets
NFL Tickets
College Football Tickets
MLB Tickets
Saratoga Tickets
Del Mar Tickets
Other Events
Kentucky Derby Week Events
Dawn at the Downs Breakfast
Kentucky Derby Parties
Horse Farm Tours
Thurby - Churchill Downs Racing
Hospitality Tickets
Derby & Oaks Hospitality Tickets
Derby Tickets that include Food
Oaks Tickets that include Food
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Policies and Procedures
Privacy Policy
DerbyBox.com
(Last Updated: July 31, 2018)
DerbyBox.com is serious about protecting your online privacy. This
Privacy Statement explains our views and practices concerning privacy,
and how they may pertain to you as a user of our website.
“You” or “Your” means you as a participant in or as a user of the
DerbyBox.com website. “We” or “Our” or “Us” means DerbyBox.com. “Our
site” means DerbyBox.com.
All information transmitted, printed or otherwise submitted to
DerbyBox.com via this website shall be deemed to be the property of
DerbyBox.com and DerbyBox.com shall be free to use such information for
any lawful purpose as detailed herein.
This site contains links to other sites and we are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such sites.
We reserve the right to release such information to law enforcement or
other governmental officials as we, in our sole and absolute discretion,
deem necessary to comply with the law.
Section 1: Collected Information
We automatically collect and/or track the following:
Web page http headers (home server domain names, IP address, type of client computer, and type of Web browser);
information knowingly provided by you through on-line forms,
registration forms, surveys, and/or other entries, such as email
addresses, personal, financial or demographic information;
information, user specific or aggregate, on what pages our visitors access; and
E-mail addresses of visitors that communicate with DerbyBox.com via e-mail.
Section 2: Use of Data Collected
We use your personal, demographic and profile data to enhance your
experience at our site and to enable us to present content we think you
might be interested in. We use your contact information to send you
information about our company and promotional material from our
partners. We may also use your personal, demographic and profile data to
improve our site, for statistical analysis, for marketing and
promotional purposes, and for editorial or feedback purposes for our
advertisers. Information collected by us may be added to our databases
and used for future telemarketing, SMS text-messaging, e-mails or postal
mailings regarding site updates, new products and services, upcoming
events, and/or status of orders placed online. By using this site, you
agree that you may be contacted in any manner contemplated in this
section even if your number is found on a do not call registry, in-house
list or similar registry.
Section 3: Disclosure of Data to Third Parties
If you choose to provide personal information, it will be used for the following purposes:
considering you for a DerbyBox.com product;
as required by law; and
for marketing products and services which we determine, in our sole
judgment, that you might find of interest. We reserve the right to
share, rent, sell, or otherwise disclose data we collect to third
parties. Any third party we share, rent, sell, or otherwise disclose
data to will be prescreened by us, determined by us to be reputable, and
will use the personal data for marketing products and services which we
determine, in our sole judgment, that you might find of interest.
Section 4: Your Opt-Out Rights
You may opt-out of receiving communications from us and/or our partners
by not submitting your information. We also allow you to remove your
information from our marketing lists. If you remove your information
from our marketing lists it will no longer be used by us to send
promotional correspondence to you. You can remove your information from
our marketing lists by clicking on the “Unsubscribe” link at the bottom
of every email we send you, or by sending your request, in writing, via
email to: infoATderbyboxDOTcom (Please replace “AT” with @ and “DOT”
with .)
Section 5: We Do Not Intend to Collect Data from Children
The information and services provided to us or our affiliates, sponsors,
and advertisers are not intended to be viewed by children (under 18
years old).
No information collected from children is knowingly used for any
marketing or promotional purposes whatsoever, either inside or outside
DerbyBox.com. No part of DerbyBox.com’s web site is structured to
attract anyone under the age of 18.
Section 6: Our Right to Contact You
We reserve the right to contact you regarding your account status and
changes to subscriber agreements, privacy policy, or any other policies
or agreements relevant to you.
Section 7: Our Right to Change
We reserve the right to change this policy at any time by notifying you
of the existence and location of the new or revised privacy policy or by
posting the changes online at our site.
Section 8: Our Contact Information
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of
this site, or your dealings with this website, you can contact us via
email sent to: infoATderbyboxDOTcom (Please replace “AT” with @ and
“DOT” with .)
Section 9: Anti Spam Policy. Can-Spam Act Compliance
DerbyBox.com is dedicated to ensuring compliance with the ‘Can-Spam
Act’, which took effect January 1, 2004. You may receive email from
DerbyBox.com in the following circumstances:
Acknowledging your application has been received and requesting additional action
Requests for additional information to support your current application
Response to your inquiries regarding the status of your transactional requests
Thanking you for your valued business
Advertisements for our products, services, changes in services, new product availability
Advertisements for third party products and services where we have
determined that such product or service may be of interest to our
customers
To ensure compliance with the Can-Spam Act, DerbyBox.com has implemented the following guidelines for email delivery:
All emails sent to you by DerbyBox.com will clearly identify
DerbyBox.com as the sender. FROM / SENDER: someone@DerbyBox.com (NOTE:
The actual sender will alter from department to department, but all from
addresses will end with @DerbyBox.com).
The Subject Line of any email you receive will always accurately describe the subject matter of the email.
Any email from DerbyBox.com will include the ability to unsubscribe from future email messages.
Unsubscribing will ensure the customer is removed from ALL lists at
DerbyBox.com; this excludes customer service emails regarding the
processing and status of a current product.
All emails sent to you directly by DerbyBox.com include valid postal address information in the footer.
All third party marketing partners are required to comply with the Can-Spam Act.
Emails sent to you directly by DerbyBox.com will include an email
address and physical address where you can send suggestions, complaints
or other correspondence.
Section 10: Information for ISPs
Web site: DerbyBox.com
Email Address: infoATderbyboxDOTcom
(Please replace “AT” with @ and “DOT” with .)
DerbyBox.com understands consumers’ concerns over the use of their
personal information. We hope this information will relieve any concerns
your company may have regarding our email policies. DerbyBox.com and
its affiliated sites use only an “opt-in or opt out” method of obtaining
customer information, and it is not our policy or desire to send
unsolicited email. We obtain email addresses and personal information
from third parties that follow the same set of policies. DerbyBox.com
email messages sent always include information about the origin of the
emails and instructions on how recipients can unsubscribe from receiving
future email messages.
From time to time, DerbyBox.com will enter into an arrangement with a
third party website to allow individuals to opt into our marketing
program on those third party websites. In each case the third party
websites have represented and warranted to us, among other things,
that the data was collected voluntarily from individuals on website registrations and co-registrations,
that the sellers have a right, under any applicable privacy statements, to transfer the data to us, and
that DerbyBox.com has the right to send marketing offers to the individuals.
We hope this information satisfies any questions or concerns you may
have regarding the email practices of DerbyBox.com. If you have
additional questions or wish to discuss this matter further, please
contact us at: infoATderbyboxDOTcom (Please replace “AT” with @ and
“DOT” with .)
Lowest Price Guarantee & No Service Charges!
Find Tickets
Find Packages
“I love that you advertise your business through the best customer service a company can offer!
Purchasing tickets for the KY Oaks and Derby can be somewhat stressful, especially when the buyer is not located in KY. With all of the chaos of dealing with many customers, I never felt as though my questions/requests were being ignored or dismissed.
Everyone I dealt with, including the owner Doug, was professional, courteous, and as accommodating as possible. From adding tickets to my existing order to purchasing a parking pass directly across from the gate we needed to enter, this company is the example with which others should strive to follow.
I have been exited to share my Derby Box experience with everyone, in hopes of spreading the word about this wonderful company.
Thank you for everything. I can't wait for KY Oaks/Derby 2018!! You are the place to call & will have my repeat business, as well as my recommendations to all.
Sincerely,
Christine McCracken
Sunflower Studio Photography ”
~ Christine McCracken
“I can't begin to tell you how much we enjoyed our DerbyBox experience!
The entire week went off without a hitch!
Our hotel, Courtyard Marriott, was in a fantastic location.
We enjoyed being within walking distance of so many things.
The horse farm tour was spectacular.
The Kentucky Oaks and Derby were unforgettable experiences.
We were greatly impressed with the efficiency of the shuttle service for both races.
The pick up point was within easy walking distance of our hotel and that was marvelous!
Our seats at Churchill Downs were excellent!
Thank you for providing a once in a lifetime experience!
We would also like to thank Chris, who helped us in the reservation stage!
I would recommend DerbyBox to my friends, for sure!
Our reservation was under the name of Janet Trexler.
Thank you SO much!
It was unforgettable!
We loved Louisville and Lexington!”
~ Ann McCoy
“Kelly - Just wanted to touch base with you on our Kentucky Derby Package
Basically, all I can say is that you hit a HOME RUN !
Residence Inn was fantastic - The people there could not do enough to make us happy.
The "spread" put out Thursday night was much more than we thought.
The transportation worked out fine - Actually it was much better than we could have expected - Miller has it down as best as it can be done with the amount of people.
Our seats for the Oaks and Derby were fine for us, especially with the tv screen being almost directly in front of us.
I am hoping we can do this again next year so please let us know when you have the packages arranged.
Again, thanks for everything !
”
~ Jim Van Horn
“Just wanted to say how much we loved our hotel and the whole event.
Seats (120) were a bit too low but in the end we had great companions around us and of course great weather.
The connection to the clubhouse made all the difference from the last time we went as it was a breeze going to the ladies bathroom.
And the ticket lineups were reasonable.
I was worried about the bus but really had no problems going or coming back.
Bus is the only way for me to get into the track.
Seeing all those people walking to the stadium to their cars made me happy to be on that bus.
DerbyBox can be trusted and will hope to use you again in the future.
”
~ Janet and Bob Harrison
“You are truly the expert.
The Oaks in the Turf club was amazing and section 120 for the Derby was everything you said it would be.”
~ Lance Shelton
“Doug,
Bought tickets from you for the Derby yesterday and everything went off without a hitch. Row B in section 111 was spectacular and a great bang for the buck.
Thank you again.”
~ Doug Lavanture
“I just wanted to take a moment and thank Derbybox.com for making our 2014 Kentucky Derby experience special. We purchased 4 seats in the Interior Premium Box section (and requested Row A) and we received exactly the tickets we asked for in the mail three weeks before the event. I must admit being quite nervous about paying big $$$ for these seats without getting the tickets immediately in hand, but you came through as promised. With all the problems being reported with Derby Deals, I'm very happy we went purchased our tickets through your company. I will highly recommend you to anyone planning on attending future Oaks/Derby races.
”
~ William Egr
“My wife and I really enjoyed the Derby the seats were great and after sitting in the boxes in 220 for the 3 years it was really wonderful being in the 300 level ; the other people who joined us in the box were wonderful and everyone had a great time.....Most of all your service was excellent as I told you on the phone this was a decision that we had to make at the last minute since my wife got permission from her Doctor to skip her Chemo treatment which was scheduled for Tuesday of Derby week......You were so helpful and got the tickets to us pronto.....Thank You again and again and God willing we will be calling you again next year......
”
~ Mike & Liz Solvay
“Everything is great.
Thank You for making the reservation for us.
We have just checked into the hotel.
Very exciting, a lot of guests are already dressed for the occasion.
Roses in room and a nice gift bag, we Thank You and everyone responsible for making us feel very welcome.
I will recommend you to anyone who is interested next year.
Now off to find Donna a hat !!!”
~ Jerry
“I just wanted to let you know how PLEASED I was with the tickets I ordered from your company for the Kentucky Derby. It was an awesome experience from ordering tickets to the actual BIG DAY.
I believe the name of the representative I dealt w/ was Mary.
She was extremely friendly and very helpful (and patient) on the phone with me, while I decided which tickets to order.
2 of the people I took had never been before and they were totally blown away. I plan on going with your company again,
I would love to make the Derby a yearly event .
Kudos to your company and your representatives.
In today's world, good customer service is a rarity!
Sincerely,
”
~ Cheryl Feller
“I don't know if you were the person who took my order, but I just wanted to say a big, belated thank you. The person that I dealt with was very nice and very accommodating (even though I kept losing the call on my cell phone). Also, I was very pleased with the Crowne Plaza hotel, and the tickets to the Derby were great-just as promised. It made my husband's birthday very special, and I would definitely use derbybox again and recommend it to others.
Many thanks,
”
~ Claire Carucci
“Thank you to all at Derby Box for making our trip to the Kentucky Derby so much fun.
It was the perfect way to celebrate our silver wedding anniversary.
We had a really special time and thoroughly enjoyed every minute of it. We’ll definitely be back.
Thanks also for sending through the photos.
Attached are a couple of our own, including us at the winners party (thanks so much for the tickets) with the winning trainer Doug O’Neill and owner J. Paul Reddam.
Sarah loves her hat by Chrissy and had many comments about how great it looked (including several people taking photos at CD). Thanks Chrissy!
Thanks again and we hope to make it back next year.
”
~ Mike and Sarah King
“I cannot thank you enough for our tickets to the 2012 Kentucky Derby.
I was very nervous about using a ticket broker, and Derbybox.com exceeded our expectations.
When the Clubhouse row we ordered (Row E) was not available, Chris offered us tickets under cover a few rows back.
I explained to him that I was not interested in being under cover because we were bringing our 2 daughters, ages 6 and 11, to the Derby.
I was concerned they wouldn’t be able to see over people’s heads if we were any farther back.
Chris said he agreed with me, and would do his best to get us as close to the track as possible.
Imagine my shock when our tickets arrived in the mail for Row A, on the rail!
We all had the experience of a lifetime!
As we continue to tell our friends about our magical day at the Derby, I tell everyone who will listen to buy their tickets from Derbybox.com.
I originally started the purchase process for tickets with another local ticket broker, but after numerous unreturned phone calls and an attempted bait and switch on the price, I informed them that I no longer trusted them enough to proceed with the transaction.
The staff at Derbybox always answered the phone and answered my questions immediately.
We will be repeat customers! Thanks again!
”
~ Scott Humphrey
“Thanks again! I was very pleased with the tickets we purchased from you. The seats were by far the best I've ever had on Oaks day and it was probably the most fun we've ever had at Churchill Downs.
”
~ Natalie
“Margaret & I had a blast! Louisville is a great city, the Galt House hotel was great, and the seats were awesome. We will definitely be back next year, and now we feel comfortable bringing the kids.
”
~ Joe
“Thank you both for a magical Oaks and Derby for my sister and our family. Our seats were fantastic and the days were wonderful.
In her honor, since she will most likely not be here next year, we would like the same box, with all six seats for both days ... and parking passes. She was thrilled to be treated to this this year, and looked and felt like a princess. You have no idea what you did!
”
~ Max Barton
“As you know this was one of the items on my Bucket List and I had the time of my Life.
The Crowne Plaza had the place really decorated with roses in each room, music, a fantastic buffet and a staff that was so nice and helpful.
When we arrived at the Derby the seats were good and the people in our section were all so nice and we made some really nice friends.
Your assistance in attire was so helpful and it was a once inA lifetime experience, thank you for making a dream come true.
”
~ Donna
“We purchased both Oaks and Derby tickets from Derbybox.com for the 2011 races.
It was a difficult decision for me because I knew that when buying something sight unseen, 9 months in advance, you are relying on the integrity of the company to deliver what they say.
There are no protections, credit card or otherwise to fall back on.
There are a number of resellers out there but ultimately, I decided on Derbybox because you are local, have a good BBB rating, and I just got a good sense about you and your company.
Our tickets came just as promised in mid-April, and we had a fabulous time at the Oaks--our seats were perfect and exactly as advertised.
Then the problem came...we had an issue with our Derby tickets and my heart sank.
I knew I had no leverage or power to do anything, so now it was time to rely on your reputation and integrity.
I contacted you and you immediately rectified the situation.
You didn't have to...you knew there was nothing I could do.
But your integrity was as you promised on your website...you took care of us.
I want to stress to whomever reads this that Derbybox.com is a business who truly values its customers.
That doesn't happen much today.
You can order your tickets no matter how far ahead, and know that Doug and his team will take care of you.
”
“Thanks so much the GREAT service.
Your business is unique, because no oneanswers the phone anymore, but you all do.
I loved getting truly greattickets, but the best part was that when I found an error on the invoice, Icalled and MARY answered the phone at 7 pm EST.
Who does that these days?
No one!
That is unprecedented, exceptional service.
She was right on it immediately, and understood the need to check with Fed Ex on the address.
It turned out that all was well, but if I did not have Mary to help roubleshoot the issue tonight, I'd have had a very sleepless night, for we all know this BCC is the race of the Century with Zenyattta at the helm.
My good friend Diana Baker helped raise Quality Road at Spring Hill Farm.
Her husband Chris runs the farm, and I am thrilled to have such excellenttickets to see QR challenge Zenyatta.
They will both be running the race of
their lives, and it is the last race for both.
Whoever wins, it is evertheless a Race For the Ages. And I have great tickets for my friends inIllinois, who are driving to Churchill Downs Friday night.
Again, thanks to Mary and yourself for providing excellent customer service. I am a customer for life, and I'll be calling you next spring for my DerbyTx.
”
~ Carole
“Just a note to tell you how much I appreciated your excellent service during Derby weekend. I was apprehensive about booking such an expensive trip through a company I'd never dealt with before but you all did a wonderful job. The hotel was lovely and the tickets were great.
Thanks so much to your staffers who suggested the box seats instead of the grandstand--that was definitely worth it. And thanks for your help with the shuttle information.
I've recommended the weekend to several of my friends and suggested they use your company if they decide to attend.
”
~ Diane J.
“I wanted to send a thank you for your assistance with our tickets for the 134 Derby. Your early assistance in steering me towards various events and ticket 999s was critical to our enjoyment for this special occasion and certainly helped to create a very memorable event and birthday celebration for my wife our guests. We found the Dawn at the Downs event to be well worth the visit and thoroughly enjoyed both the Oaks and Derby. Our seat were unreal from a location standpoint and given the Oaks weather allowed us to enjoy the full slate of races on Friday without concern. I will certainly recommend you to others who may ask and again want to thank you for making our first Derby experience so memorable.
”
“I went last year. I took my dad. He said he would never get there. Just wanted to let you know that we made his dream come true. Your seats in section 112 were awesome. We were 3-rows off the rail and seen baffert, pletcher, and asmussen. I also met tom amoss. We got his autograph. Also got victor espinozas autograph. It was the best trip of our lives. Just thought you should know.
”
~ Ron - Nebraska
“We had a great time at Keeneland!
It was a first time for the three others I took up and they loved both the event and view from the seats.
I can't thank you enough for the special attention extended to us in light of the tickets' delivery challenge.
It's great to know there are still people who go beyond the expected for others.
I see the tracking # below and it appears signed by one of employees in our other offices across the street.
I'm guessing the FedEx delivery agent mistakenly delivered to the other building here on campus.
Please let me know how I can work something out with you on the second set of tickets.
We greatly appreciate your exceptional customer satisfaction and will be sharing your name here in Jacksonville, FL and with some of our work team in Louisville, KY.(P.S. - I'll be calling you in a couple months on Derby tickets.)
”
~ Steve
“Doug, just a note to say THANK YOU. The clubhouse box seats (sec 118) you reserved for me for this years Derby were perfect. We were one box off the rail between the tunnel and the winners circle. Exactly where I wanted to be. How did you do it? We saw everything and best of all bet Giacomo to win after visiting his sire (Holy Bull) the day before the race.
Needless to say, i'll be purchasing tickets from you for next years race. Thanks again for the great service.
”
~ Michael DiMenna
“We missed seeing you there. The Hummer was excellent; Matt was a fantasatic driver and alot of fun!
The box for the Oaks was not a repeat, the Turf Club was very nice as we saw all the stars coming and going. Took alot of pics with them!
Overall a great time. Thanks for all your help. The friends we ended up taking had never been so it was great to be where we were.
Next time we want the Turf Terrace or the Matt Winn terrace? Is there such a thing, it may all be the Turf Terrace. We enjoyed the hospitality of all the Churchill Downs personnel. They were all very accommodating as so many people did not know where to go.
Enjoy the pics.
”
~ Dorminy Plantation
“Thanks again for all your help on the tickets for this year's derby.
Everything was perfect - the seats were great, the weather was ideal and the people sitting around us were wonderful.
It was everything I had hoped it would be, a memory for a lifetime.
”
~ Bill Hynes
“Our group just got back from the Derby and wanted to let you know what a great time we had. The hotel accommodations you made were fabulous and the Derby tickets were better than expected. Your exceptional service made our experience most enjoyable.”
~ Bob Rose, Houston, Texas
“Everything went absolutely beautifully for my parents, Doug, and thank you for following up!
They enjoyed the Oaks very much, their tickets were perfect for them. I had sent them the parking info, with maps, etc. and they found the stadium with no problems, parked, and were immediately transported over the track.
They loved the Derby -- all but the rain, of course! lol -- and were right across from the finish line in 1st floor Clubhouse, under cover.
I had a Lincoln Town Car and driver pick them up for Derby day at their B&B, and take them to CD.
Even had a brick dedicated to them in front of CD so their visit lives on...
They were so very happy, and truly, I am grateful for your prompt service, answering all my questions and inquiries, and helping me to get the best tickets for them!
”
~ Marcia A. McGee
“Things were great!
We had a wonderful time and really enjoyed our seats.
Thank you so much for all your help.
It was great doing business with you.
”
~ Z.horne
“Thanks again for the great service on such short notice. The view from the 3rd floor Finish Line was terrific! We had such a great time again this year that we will surely be back in 2005--next time with a larger group. Next year we'll have to go to the Barnstable Brown party or get some tickets in the Turf Club. Talk to you then. Thanks!
”
~ Michael E. Bishop
“Doug and the staff at Derby Box were most helpful in providing us with the Derby and Oaks tickets that we wanted.
We received excellent service along with GREAT box seats for both days.
I have also ordered memorabilia items from Derby Box and if they didn't have what I wanted, they managed to find it for me.
Thanks Doug and all the staff at Derby Box!
”
~ S. Mitchell
I am planning a...
First time trip to the Kentucky Derby
Return trip to the Kentucky Derby
Business trip to the Kentucky Derby