https://dermot.domains/terms-and-conditions/
Terms and Conditions WEBSITE TERMS OF USE DERMOT, LLC, a Florida limited liability company (“Provider” or “We”) , reserves the right to change these terms and conditions at any time, and you agree that each visit you make to Provider’s DERMOT.DOMAINS Website (“Provider’s Website” or the “Website” or “our Website”) shall be subject to the current terms and conditions as then published on Provider’s Website at http://www.Dermot.Domains.TermsofUse.html. By accessing Provider’s Website, you are agreeing to be bound by these Website Terms of Use together with all applicable laws and regulations, and you agree that you are solely responsible for compliance with any applicable laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, do not use the Website. Any claim relating to Provider’s Website shall be governed by the laws of the State of Florida, USA. The materials contained on Provider’s Website are protected by applicable copyright and trade mark laws.About Dermot.Domains The Website is provided as an online showcase of various generic and/or descriptive Internet domain names owned by Provider and which may be offered to the general public for sale and/or lease (the “Domain Names”). All Domain Names were registered in good faith solely and exclusively because they corresponded to common generic and/or descriptive terms and not because they are associated with any particular person or company whether as a trademark or otherwise. To read more about Dermot.Domains and Dermot, LLC’s principal, click here: https://dermot.domains/media/.No Endorsement of Third Party Content Provider’s Website may contain links to and/or frames of third party Websites or third party content that are not operated or maintained by Provider (“Third Party Sites”). Provider is not responsible for the content of those sites and cannot guarantee that those sites will not change without Provider’s knowledge. Product and service information on Third Party Sites are the sole responsibility of each individual vendor or operator of such Third Party Site.
The inclusion of such links and/or frames in Provider’s Website does not imply endorsement of such sites or any content, information, material, products or services provided on such sites.
You will need to make your own independent judgment regarding your interaction with these linked sites. Provider makes no representations whatsoever concerning; (a) the information, software or other material appearing on, or accessible through, any Third Party Site (including without limitation, any advertisement for products or services on any Third Party Site), (b) the performance or operation of any Third Party Site (including, without limitation, any transactions initiated or conducted through any Third Party Site, any taxes associated therewith and any use by third parties of user credit card information), (c) any products or services advertised or sold on or through any Third Party Site (including, without limitation, the quality, safety and legality of such products or services or the sale thereof), or (d) the sellers of any products or services advertised or sold on or through any Third Party Site. If you decide to access any of the Third Party Sites linked to Provider’s Website, you do so entirely at your own risk. If you are accessing a Third Party Site through a link on Provider’s Website, you are advised to read the terms of use and privacy policy of such Third Party Site before you use such Third Party Site.Disclaimer and Limitation of Liability THE MATERIALS AND INFORMATION CONTAINED ON PROVIDER’S WEBSITE ARE PROVIDED “AS IS”, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY WARRANTY FOR INFORMATION, SERVICES, OR DOMAIN NAMES PROVIDED THROUGH OR IN CONNECTION WITH PROVIDER’S WEBSITE AND ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, EXPECTATION OF PRIVACY OR NON INFRINGEMENT. In no event shall Provider or its service providers, affiliates, associates, subsidiaries or partners be liable for any damages, including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption, arising out of the use of or inability to use the materials contained on Provider’s Website, even if Provider has been notified of the possibility of such damage. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusion may not apply to you. This disclaimer of liability applies to any damages or injury caused by any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, computer virus, communication line failure, theft or destruction or unauthorized access to, alteration of, or use of record, whether for breach of contract, tortious behavior, negligence, or under any other cause of action.Limited License Provider hereby grants you a limited license to view on your computer any content made available on Provider’s Website for which a fee is not charged, for non-commercial, personal, or educational purposes only. No other use is permitted.Without limiting the generality of the foregoing you may not make any commercial use of such content or copy or host such content on your or any other person’s Website or FTP server. Nothing contained in this limited license shall be deemed as conferring any right in any copyright, trade mark, trade name, or other proprietary right of Provider or any other party who owns or has proprietary rights to the content, information and materials provided on Provider’s Website.Preservation of Intellectual Property Rights All material on this site, including, but not limited to images, illustrations and multimedia materials, is protected by copyrights which are owned and controlled by Provider or by other parties that have licensed their material to Provider. Material from this Website or from any other Website owned, operated, licensed or controlled by Provider may not be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any way. Click here and find out solid state overload relays near me website. Modification of the materials or use of the materials for any other purpose is a violation of the copyrights and other proprietary rights held by the respective Providers thereof. The use of any such material on any other Website, ftp server, or network environment is prohibited.PurchasesWe may make available domain names and related services for purchase through the Website, and we may use third-party suppliers and service providers to enable e-commerce functionality on the Website.
If you wish to purchase any product or service made available by us through the Website (each such purchase, a “Transaction(s)”), you may be asked to supply certain information relevant to the Transaction, including without limitation your credit card number, your Paypal address, the expiration date of your credit card, your billing address, and your shipping information.
YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOU HAVE THE LEGAL RIGHT TO USE ANY CREDIT CARD(S) or OTHER PAYMENT INFORMATION UTILIZED IN CONNECTION WITH ANY TRANSACTION.
By submitting such information, you grant to Dermot, LLC the right to provide such information to third parties for purposes of facilitating the completion of Transactions initiated by you or on your behalf.
Verification of information may be required prior to the acknowledgment or completion of any Transaction.All descriptions, images, references, features, content, specifications, products and prices of products and services described or depicted on the Website, are subject to change at any time without notice.
All quotes for pricing on Domain Names or related services expire no later than five (5) days after delivery of such quote unless otherwise specified.We reserve the right, with or without prior notice, to limit the availability or discontinue any product or service; to honor, or impose conditions on the honoring of, any coupon, coupon code, promotional code or other similar promotions; to bar any user from making any or all Transaction(s); and/or to refuse to provide any user with any product or service.
You agree to pay all charges that may be incurred by you or on your behalf through the Website, at the price(s) in effect when such charges are incurred, including without limitation all shipping and handling charges.
In addition, you remain responsible for any taxes that may be applicable to your Transactions.When you submit a request for a quote, you acknowledge that the Domain Name may not be available for
use or for sale and we do not have any obligation to provide you with a quote. If a quote is provided to you, You agree the quote is non-exclusive (e.g. other parties may be requesting quotes from us for the Domain Name as well) and at any time prior to you entering into a binding agreement with us, both Domain Name availability and price may be subject to change without notice.By requesting a quote or by making an offer to purchase a Domain Name, you acknowledge and agree that you intend to purchase the Domain Name for your own use, in good faith and are not intending to use the Domain Name to infringe upon or interfere with the intellectual property or other rights of any third parties. You represent and warrant that you are not asserting any trademark or other intellectual property right or claim over the Domain Name and agree to keep all quotes and replies confidential except as may be required to be disclosed under law.Notice of Copyright Infringement. If you are a copyright owner who believes your copyrighted material has been reproduced, posted or distributed via the Website in a manner that constitutes copyright infringement, please inform our designated copyright agent by sending a message via the messaging system accessible here: http://dermot.domains/contact/. Please include the following information in your written notice: (1) a detailed description of the copyrighted work that is allegedly infringed upon; (2) a description of the location of the allegedly infringing material on the Site; (3) your contact information, including your address, telephone number, and, if available, email address; (4) a statement by you indicating that you have a good-faith belief that the allegedly infringing use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; (5) a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, affirming that the information in your notice is accurate and that you are authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf; and (6) an electronic or physical signature of the copyright owner or someone authorized on the owner’s behalf to assert infringement of copyright and to submit the statement.Complaint Procedure We take seriously any complaints received by visitors to and users of our site and attempt to respond to every complaint in a timely fashion. If you have a complaint regarding the site, materials contained on the site, inappropriate behavior or postings by other users of the site, or otherwise concerning our site or visitors and/or users of our site, you may submit your complaint to us by emailing our Customer Service representatives at [email address]. Please use the word “Complaint” in the subject line, and include the following information in your email:(a)	your name, address; and(b) 	the basis of your complaint;A Customer Service representative will respond to your email if in Provider’s determination, your complaint is a valid one, Provider will within a reasonable time period take action to deal with the circumstances from which the complaint arose.Changes and Improvements Provider reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to change, modify, add or remove portions of these Terms of Use, at any time. It is your responsibility to check these Terms of Use periodically for changes. Your continued use of the Website following the posting of changes will mean that you accept and agree to the changes. As long as you comply with these Terms of Use, Provider grants you a personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited privilege to enter and use the Site.Privacy Policy Provider’s Privacy Policy applies to use of this Site, and its terms are made a part of these Terms of Use by this reference. To view Provider’s Privacy Policy, click here. Additionally, by using the Website, you acknowledge and agree that Internet transmissions are never completely private or secure.Jurisdictional Issues Due to the nature of the Internet, it is not possible for Provider to restrict access to its Website only to the jurisdiction where Provider is located. Some or all of the product and service advertisements which are provided by third parties on this Website may not be eligible for solicitation in your jurisdiction. If you are accessing this Website from such a jurisdiction, you should not consider anything on this site as an advertisement or as a solicitation to the public to purchase any product or service from any advertisers that is advertising their good or service on or the Provider’s Website. This site is for use only by persons residing in jurisdictions where such products and services may legally advertise.Unless otherwise specified, the materials contained in Provider’s Website are presented solely for information purposes in Canada. This site is controlled and operated by Provider from its offices in Florida, USA. Provider makes no representation that any of the materials contained in Provider’s Website are appropriate or available for use in other locations. Those who choose to access this Website from other locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable.This agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of State of Florida, USA and the parties hereby irrevocably and exclusively attorn to the jurisdiction of the courts of Miami, Florida, USA.Age of Majority The Website is for adults only above the age of 21.Termination We may cancel or terminate your right to use the Website or any part of the Website at any time without notice. In the event of cancellation or termination, you are no longer authorized to access the part of the Website affected by such cancellation or termination. The restrictions imposed on you with respect to material downloaded from the Website, and the disclaimers and limitations of liabilities set forth in these Terms and Use, shall survive.Miscellaneous If any of the provisions of these Terms of Use are held by a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be void or unenforceable, such provisions shall be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary and replaced with a valid provision that best embodies the intent of these Terms of Use, so that these Terms of Use shall remain in full force and effect theinspectorscompany.com. These Terms of Use constitute the entire agreement between you and Provider with regard to your use of the Website, and any and all other written or oral agreements or understandings previously existing between you and Provider with respect to such use are hereby superseded and cancelled. These Terms of Use shall not be interpreted or construed to confer any rights or remedies on any third parties.Dermot LLC 3800 N Ocean Drive Singer Island, FL 33404 USA EMAIL: info@dermot.com