https://designerhelmets.com/privacy-policy-cookie-restriction-mode/
We use cookies to make your experience better.
To comply with the new e-Privacy directive, we need to ask for your consent to set the cookies.
Learn more.
Allow Cookies
Intercoms
INTERCOMS
Helmet Integrated
Universal
View All
Sale
View All
UniversalHelmet IntegratedSaleAccessories
HELMET ACCESSORIES
Visors
Pinlocks
Goggles
Backpacks
Helmet bags
Phone Holders
View All
Sale
View All
BrandsVisorsPinlocksGogglesBackpacksHelmet BagsPhone HoldersSale
Account
Home
Privacy and Cookie Policy
Privacy and Cookie Policy
DesignerHelmets.com is committed to protecting your privacy as a user of our website www.DesignerHelmets.com (“the Site”), and the confidentiality of any personal information that you may provide us with during your visit to the Site.
DesignerHelmets.com abides by GDPR legislation 2018 (see GDPR Guide – Information Commissioners Office) and complies with its provisions to ensure that any data you provide is treated accordingly.
Information is gathered automatically by the web server, through the use of cookies on the Site, and also from your interaction through the submission of online forms and e-mail.
Information we collect
General information that is collected by the web server and which does not require any input on your part, apart from to log on to the Site, is data such as:
type of browser
operating system
IP address
domain name
cookies and you
For the exhaustive list of cookies we collect see the List of cookies we collect section.
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service,
and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we
think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes.
We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customise the website
according to your interests.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or
disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and
secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive.
Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit
a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application
can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about
your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page
traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for
statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find
useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you,
other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies.
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting
to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links
to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website.
Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst
visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement.
You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate
that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes,
you may change your mind at any time by letting us know using our Contact Us information
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission
or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information
about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998.
A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please email us this
request using our Contact Us information.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete,
please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address.
We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
List of cookies we collect
The table below lists the cookies we collect and what information they store.
Cookie Name
Cookie Description
FORM_KEY
Stores randomly generated key used to prevent forged requests.
PHPSESSID
Your session ID on the server.
GUEST-VIEW
Allows guests to view and edit their orders.
PERSISTENT_SHOPPING_CART
A link to information about your cart and viewing history, if you have asked for this.
STF
Information on products you have emailed to friends.
STORE
The store view or language you have selected.
USER_ALLOWED_SAVE_COOKIE
Indicates whether a customer allowed to use cookies.
MAGE-CACHE-SESSID
Facilitates caching of content on the browser to make pages load faster.
MAGE-CACHE-STORAGE
Facilitates caching of content on the browser to make pages load faster.
MAGE-CACHE-STORAGE-SECTION-INVALIDATION
Facilitates caching of content on the browser to make pages load faster.
MAGE-CACHE-TIMEOUT
Facilitates caching of content on the browser to make pages load faster.
SECTION-DATA-IDS
Facilitates caching of content on the browser to make pages load faster.
PRIVATE_CONTENT_VERSION
Facilitates caching of content on the browser to make pages load faster.
X-MAGENTO-VARY
Facilitates caching of content on the server to make pages load faster.
MAGE-TRANSLATION-FILE-VERSION
Facilitates translation of content to other languages.
MAGE-TRANSLATION-STORAGE
Facilitates translation of content to other languages.
Trustpilot cookies
We use Trustpilot to collect feedback on our services, and link to our page on Trustpilot from our website. The Trustpilot widget is displayed throughout our site using cookies. Trustpilot's privacy policy can be found at https://uk.legal.trustpilot.com/end-user-privacy-terms