https://designerhelmets.com/terms-conditions/
We use cookies to make your experience better.
To comply with the new e-Privacy directive, we need to ask for your consent to set the cookies.
Learn more.
Allow Cookies
Intercoms
INTERCOMS
Helmet Integrated
Universal
View All
Sale
View All
UniversalHelmet IntegratedSaleAccessories
HELMET ACCESSORIES
Visors
Pinlocks
Goggles
Backpacks
Helmet bags
Phone Holders
View All
Sale
View All
BrandsVisorsPinlocksGogglesBackpacksHelmet BagsPhone HoldersSale
Account
Home
Terms and Conditions of Sale
TERMS & CONDITIONS
www.designerhelmets.com
Terms and Conditions of Business for Motoretta Ltd trading as DesignerHelmets.com:
Please read these terms and conditions of use carefully before you use our site.
Terms of Website Use
These are the terms of use on which you may make use of our website www.DesignerHelmets.com (our site), whether as a guest or an account holder.
By using our site, you confirm that you accept these terms of use and that you agree to comply with them.
Our Privacy Policy (LINK), sets out the terms on which we process any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us. By using our site, you consent to such processing and you warrant that all data provided by you is accurate.
If you purchase goods from our site, our Terms and Conditions will apply to all sales.
Information About Us
www.DesignerHelmets.com is a website operated by MOTORETTA LIMITED ("We"). We are registered in England and Wales under company number 4194421 and have our registered office at West Hill House, Allerton Hill, Chapel Allerton, Leeds, LS7 3QB. Our main trading address is 2 Halifax Road, Hipperholme, Halifax, West Yorkshire, HX3 8ER. Our VAT number is 755 7321 18.
Changes to These Terms
We may revise these terms of use at any time by amending this page.
Please check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes we made, as they are binding on you.
Changes to Our Site
We may update our site content anytime. However, PLEASE NOTE that any of the content on our site may be out of date at any given time, and we are under no obligation to update it.
We do not guarantee that our site, or any content on it, will be available or free from errors or omissions.
Accessing Our Site
We cannot guarantee that our site, or any content on it, will always be available or be uninterrupted. Access to our site is on a temporary basis. We may suspend, withdraw, discontinue or change all or any part of our site without notice. We will not be liable to you if for any reason our site is unavailable at any time or for any period.
Although DesignerHelmets.com endeavours to use the correct images for each item, sometimes mistakes can happen, and the wrong image may be uploaded. It is up to the customer to confirm in advance if there are any differences between images and descriptions. We are not responsible if the image used does not match the description given. Due to manufacturer updates, screen definition differences etc, images can differ from the actual item supplied, DesignerHelmets.com are not responsible for any costs if this is the case.
Your Account and Password
If you choose, or you are provided with, a username, password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential. You must not disclose it to any third party, at any time.
We have the right to disable any username or password, if in our opinion you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of these terms of use.
The services, products, and prices shown on our website do not constitute a legally binding offer. No contract for the supply of products or goods will be deemed to exist between you and DesignerHelmets.com unless, and until full payment has been made and the order accepted.
An acceptance email is automatically sent by DesignerHelmets.com to you confirming that your order has been accepted and payment has been successfully made. This confirmation e-mail amounts to an acceptance by DesignerHelmets.com of your offer to buy goods or services from DesignerHelmets.com and this acceptance is effective regardless of whether or not you receive the e-mail.
DesignerHelmets.com reserves the right to withdraw from a prospective contract at any time prior to or after acceptance. This also applies after a confirmation email has been sent in the case of any error or inaccuracy in respect of the goods or services, any description applied to the goods or services, the availability of the goods or services, or the order itself. Under these circumstances DesignerHelmets.com will notify you as soon as possible and the option to wait for stock, choose an alternative or a full refund will be offered. DesignerHelmets.com can refuse to accept an order, refund an order or cancel an order at any time without notice.
DesignerHelmets.com will accept the cancellation of an order, in writing (by email) or on the return of the goods. For full returns terms and information please see our Returns Policy – LINK
Price and availability information is subject to change without notice.  Payment cards are debited before items are shipped by DesignerHelmets.com.
When a customer 'Checks Out' as a guest, a simple account is created, and an email is sent with a password. This enables our customer to login and track their order, contact us and raise returns notes etc.
www.DesignerHelmets.com is an online business only.  Your item cannot be returned to us in person. We are unable to offer “in-person” returns to our office location. Your item must be sent back to the address above.
Payments
We accept credit and debit card payments. If you are shopping from outside the UK, place your order and your card company will convert the transaction to your own currency.
We accept Maestro, Visa, Visa Debit and Mastercard.
Payment is taken at the time of the order.
Payment Card Security Checks
DesignerHelmets.com uses PayPal to process our Card Payments. PayPal use very stringent security checks to protect us and our customers from card fraud. On rare occasions an order is flagged as a 'Risk' by PayPal and we must investigate further. This may be due to a number of reasons, but mainly it is because the card used is from a different country to the delivery address or the delivery address given is not known to PayPal or your bank. We will in these cases contact you and ask for additional information to be supplied - normally proof of address for the card used and proof that the card owner works at the delivery address.
Paying for your Product - Exchange Rates
DesignerHelmets.com is NOT responsible for exchange rate changes (at the time of placing the order or at the time of a refund), import duty or import tax to your country. It is the customer’s responsibility to check any duty that may be payable prior to placing the order.
Delivery
Delivery time is usually 2-5 working days. This maybe more for out of stock items or items that are special order.
DesignerHelmets.com must be notified of any errors, missing items or damage within 48 hours of delivery.
Please see our Delivery page for detailed delivery information.
DesignerHelmets.com cannot be held responsible for any taxes or any other charges your country may impose for importation of your order. Please await confirmation of despatch before pre-paying any VAT or taxes that may be due. Please contact your country's custom office to check if you are liable to incur importation charges. We will not send an item as a gift/sample or reduce the value for Customs or VAT purposes.
DesignerHelmets.com is not responsible for extended area delivery charges or errors in the online order shipping system. If an order is placed and shipping must be charged due to a system error, customer neglecting to select the correct option or additional charges due to remote locations, DesignerHelmets.com will contact the customer with shipping information and a price. Delivery to the Canary Islands, Balearic Islands (Tenerife, Majorca etc) other Spanish Islands, Greek Islands etc is not free. We will contact the customer to let them know of any additional amounts to pay.
Price Match
DesignerHelmets.com will try and match any UK or EU price that is advertised online, and the product is in stock. We do NOT guarantee to price match but will try our best.
Legality of Helmet Use
DesignerHelmets.com is NOT responsible for checking if a helmet is legal for the country to which we are supplying. It is the customers responsibility to ensure the helmet they are purchasing is legal for their country. All of our Helmets are UK and European Road Legal to EC22/05.
Site Disclaimers
All specifications, measurements and technical data on this site have been prepared by manufacturers. DesignerHelmets.com does not guarantee information accessible via this site is accurate, complete or current.
Intellectual Property Rights
We are the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights in our site, and in the material published on it. Those works are protected by copyright laws around the world. All such rights are reserved.
The content on our site is provided for general information only.
Although we make reasonable efforts to update the information on our site, we cannot guarantee, that the content on our site is accurate, complete or up to date.
Third Party Links and Resources in Our Site
Where our site contains links to sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only. We have no control over the content of these sites or resources. We assume no responsibility for the content of websites linked on our site. Such links should not be interpreted as endorsement by us of those linked websites. We will not be liable for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them.
Limitation of Liability
Governing Law
These terms and conditions are governed in accordance with English law and the English and Welsh courts shall have jurisdiction to resolve any disputes.
Complaints
All complaints should be put in writing for resolution. Where a fault with a product can be verified with goods supplied by DesignerHelmets.com, we reserve the right to seek resolution with the manufacturer before offering repair or exchange.
Contact Us
If you would like to contact us regarding these T&C’s, please e-mail us at sales@designerhelmets.com.