https://devitaskincare.com/store/privacy-policy
Menu
Your Cart
Free Shipping with $75+ Purchase (within Continental US only)
Privacy PolicyPrivacy PolicyAt DeVita International, Inc. we are committed to protecting your privacy. We firmly believe that electronic security and privacy are necessary for the continued success of the Internet. In support of this, we only use the personal information that you provide to create a more personalized and entertaining experience for you, in accordance with the terms outlined below.1. My Account/ Mailing List/ Purchases/ Contests/ Promotions/ Surveys/Newsletters/ Forum/Chat Rooms/ Information AnalysisYou have the opportunity to create a personal shopping account with DeVita International, Inc. This account will allow you to shop faster and easier, and to check on order status and history. In creating this account, you authorize DeVita International, Inc. to store your name, email address, telephone number and shipping and billing addresses. This is for your convenience only. The information is not used for any other purpose. You will be given the option to be added to the DeVita International, Inc. mailing list, subscriptions to the mailing list can be cancelled at any time.
If you participate in  Contests/ Promotions we may request your name, mailing address, e-mail address and other information in order to administer the promotion/notify winners/etc.When you submit a request, review or comment to our customer service department, we may ask you for your e-mail address. When you complete a survey on-line, we may ask for certain information from you, including your age, zip code, shopping habits, e-mail and/or mailing address.When you place an order on our Web site, we will use your information to process and fill your order. We may send you an e-mail to confirm or update you on your order. We may also need to contact you by regular mail, e-mail or phone if we have any questions regarding your order.When you order, register, complete a survey or participate in any contest or promotion on our Web site, we will use the information you provided to us to send you e-mail or regular mail from us regarding products, services or other contests and promotions that we think may be of interest to you. We may also use information you provide to us to personalize your shopping experience by using your product interests and purchase information to recommend other products, services or promotions that we believe may interest you, including those of other companies.We may also notify you of functionality changes to the Web site. Please remember when using the any DeVita International forum or chat rooms, that information posted to message boards, chat rooms, blogs and other user forums becomes public information. Use caution when posting. Individuals under the age of 18 should be especially careful not to provide any personally identifiable information when participating in any area of the Site where postings might become public. Please see our Terms of Service for the standards of behavior that must be followed when using these portions of the Site.In addition, in an effort to better service our customers and improve the shopping experience on our site, we may from time to time aggregate your information with information of other customers to help us analyze trends, purchasing patterns and preferences, and demographics.2. CookiesA cookie is a small piece of information sent by a website that is saved on your hard drive by your computer's browser. The cookie holds information a site may need to personalize/enhance your experience and to gather website statistical data, such as which pages are visited, the internet provider's domain name and the addresses of the sites visited immediately before coming to and immediately after leaving https://devitaskincare.com. However, none of this information is associated with you as an individual. It is measured anonymously and only in the aggregate. The information in the cookies lets DeVita International, Inc. trace your "clickstream" activity (i.e., the paths taken by visitors to our site as they move from page to page) to enable us to better serve our customers by revealing which portions of our site are the most popular. Cookies contain absolutely no personal information. If you would prefer not to accept cookies, you may disable cookies on your browser. Please review your browser's instructions for doing so. However, by disabling cookies on your browser, please be aware, that some features on our sites may not work properly.3. Your SecurityDeVita International, Inc. goes to great lengths to keep your financial information private and safe. We use Secure Socket Layers (SSL), the industry standard in transferring information to process your orders. The SSL encrypts, or translates, your order information into a highly indecipherable code, which is processed immediately. All credit card transactions occur in a secure area of our site, to protect you from any loss, misuse or alteration of information collected. When you have finished shopping and begin the checkout process, you will move into the secure area of our site. Once you've entered, the page address (URL) will change from http to https, to let you know you are in a secure area. You acknowledge, however, that no transmission of data over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, despite our best efforts. Thus, while we will use every means possible to ensure the security of information you transmit to us, we cannot guarantee that such information will not be intercepted by third parties.4. ChildrenIn compliance with the Children's Privacy Protection Act of 1998, DeVita International, Inc. will never knowingly request or use personal information from children under 13 years of age without prior parental consent. If DeVita International, Inc. or http://devitaskincare.com or any of its affiliate websites receives actual knowledge that a subscriber is under 13 years of age, DeVita International, Inc. will eliminate all personal information relating to this subscriber from our files.5. Your ConsentYou acknowledge that this Privacy Policy is part of the terms of service, and you agree that using this site signifies your assent to DeVita International, Inc.'s Privacy Policy. DeVita International, Inc. reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time, without advanced notice. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we disclose it.If you have any questions about your privacy or security at https://devitaskincare.com  please click here to email us  and include your name and the address in the message.