https://devreugdedesign.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
Privacy regulations
Privacy is very important to us at De Vreugde Design & Collectables. In this Privacy Policy we want to clearly inform you about how we take care of personal data.
We do everything we can to ensure your privacy and therefore we will take great care in handling your private information. De Vreugde Design & Collectables will always follow the appliable laws and regulations, including the GDPR.
This means that we:
Process your personal data in accordance with the purposes for which they are provided, as described in this Privacy Policy;
Process your personal data will only be applied as far as necessary for the purposes for which they were provided;
Ask for your explicit permission when needed for processing your personal data;
Take all appropiate technical and organizational precautionary measures to ensure the protection of your personal data;
Never pass on any personal data to third parties, unless necessary for the execution of the purposes for which they were provided;
Are up to date about your rights regarding your personal data, make you aware of them and respect them.
As De Vreugde Design & Collectables we are responsible for processing your personal date. If you have any questions about this after reading our Privacy Policy or for any other reason, you can find our contact information at the bottom of this document.
Processing personal data from Clients or Partners
Personal data from Clients or Partners will be processed by De Vreugde Design & Collectables for the following purposes:
Administrative purposes;
Communication regarding an order, delivery or invitation;
The execution or issuing of an order.
De Vreugde Design & Collectables might ask you for the below information:
First name;
Last name;
Business name and registration details;
(Business) Address;
(Business) Phone number;
(Business) E-mail address.
Your personal information will be saved by De Vreugde Design & Collectables for one or more of the purposes mentioned above and for a period of:
The duration of the agreement and after that only for the financial administration for a maximum of 7 years.
Processing personal data of Employees
Personal date of Employess will be processed by De Vreugde Design & Collectables for the following purposes:
Execution of the employment contract.
For the above purpose, De Vreugde Design & Collectables might ask you for the following information:
First Name;
Insertion;
Last Name;
Phone Number;
E-mail address;
Date of Birth;
Salary data;
Copy of ID;
BSN-number;
Bank details.
Your personal data will be used by De Vreugde Design & Collectables for the purpose mentioned above and for the period of:
The duration of the employment contract and after that only for the financial administration for a maximum of 7 years.
Disclosure to third parties
The information that you have provided us with will only be disclosed to third parties if this is necessary for the execution of one or more of the above purposes.
We use third parties for:
Providing storage of and in our online environment;
Providing our financiel administration;
Providing delivery of your purchase;
Providing newsletters and invitations.
We will never send personal data to any third party that we don’t have a processing agreement with. With these parties (processors) we make all the necessary arrangements to ensure the protection of your personal date. Furthermore we will not provide third parties with your personal date, unless this is required and allowed by law. For example, if the police requests insight in our files for an official investigation. In this case we are required by law to cooperate and hand over our stored data. We can also share personal data with third parties if you have given us written permission.
Inside and Outside the EU
All that is stated in this Privacy Policy counts for the protection and sharing of data inside the EU, unless a client is located outside the EU or if necessary for any of the above purposes.
Minors
We only process personal data of minors (persons aged under 16 years) if we have received written consent from a parent, caregiver or legal representative.
Storage period
De Vreugde Design & Collectables does not store personal data longer than necessary for the purpose for which it was provided or required by law.
Security
We taken appropiate technical and organizational measures to ensure the protection of your personal data against onlawfuly processing. To do so, we have taken the following measures;
All parties and persons involved with De Vreugde Design & Collectables that are able to take knowledge of your personal data, is restricted to confidentiality of this information;
We have a username and password policy on all of our systems;
We keep back-ups of all the stored personal data so we can recover this in case of physical or technical incidents;
This back-up takes place through Cloud-hosting with Google Drive, secured with a username and password;
We test and eveluate our measures regularly;
Our employees are informed about the importance of protecting personal data;
All websites and web pages of De Vreugde Design & Collectables have a SSSl-certificate.
Rights concerning your personal data
You have the right to inspect, rectify or delete the personal data we have received from you. You can also object to the processing of your personal data (or a part thereof) by us or by one of our processors. You also have the right to have the data provided by you transferred by us to yourself or by order of you directly to another party. We can ask you for identification before we can comply with these requests.
May we process your personal data on the basis of a permission given by you, you will always have the right to withdraw this consent.
Complaints
If you have a complaint about the way we process your personal data, we ask you to contact us directly. We will try everything we can to come to an agreement. You always have the right to file a complaint with the Dutch Data Protection Authority, this is the supervisory authority in the field of privacy protection in the Netherlands.
Questions
If you have any further questions or remarks regarding our Privacy Policy, please contact us with the information provided below.
Contact information
De Vreugde Design & Collectables
Oudhuijserweg 51-53
3648AB Wilnis
Netherlands
info@devreugdedesign.com
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram