https://dialind.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Notice
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for Dialind.com. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to confirm a booking or refund a purchase.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about news, new services we are offering, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information.
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
Ask what data we have about you, if any.Change/correct any data we have about you.Have us delete any data we have about you.Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to the financial institution in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the Web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Cookies
We may use “cookies” on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor’s hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
Analytical Data
Our site uses Google analytics to track users in a non-identifiable way. This allows us to detect problems and to improve the website experience for all users.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at (323) 263-6878.
Search for:
Products
Bath & Cosmetic
See All
Shelves
Cosmetic
Kitchen
See All
Clear
Drawer
Misc.
Shelves
Stacking Bins
Stainless
Turntable
Office & Desk
See All
Drawer
Lap Trays
Misc.
Wastebins
See All
Swing Bins
Wastebasket
Closet & Drawer
See All
Boot Shapers
Clear
Drawer
Shoe
Stacking Bins
Hardware & Utility
See All
Battery Organizers
Can Crushers
Bulk Storage
See All
Baskets
Bins with Lids
Misc.
Stacking Bins
Totes
Jewelry
See All
Jewelry Stax
About Us
Retailers
Login
Login
Username or email address *
Password *
Remember me
Log in
Lost your password?
Register
First name *
Last name *
Phone Number *
Email address *
A password will be sent to your email address.
Your personal data will be used to support your experience throughout this website, to manage access to your account, and for other purposes described in our privacy policy.
Register