http://diecastmuscle.com/privacy/
Privacy policy - American Muscle Car
Skip to content
Friday, October 9, 2020
American Muscle Car
Cars with raw muscle power
Search
Search
About DiecastmuscleContactPrivacy policy
HomePrivacy policy
Privacy policy
Privacy
policy diecastmuscle.com
About our privacy policy
diecastmuscle.com
cares greatly about your privacy. We exclusively process data that we need for
(improving) our services, and carefully handle all information gathered about
you and your usage of our services. Your data is not shared with third parties
for commercial goals. This privacy policy applies to the use of the website and
the services provided by diecastmuscle.com. The starting date for the validity
of these terms and conditions is 24/04/2019, with the publication of a new
version the validity of all previous versions is canceled. This privacy policy
describes what information about you is collected by us, what this data is used
for and with whom and under what conditions this data could be shared with
third parties. We also explain to you how we store your data, how we protect
your data against misuse and what rights you have regarding the personal data
you provide us.
If you have any questions about our privacy
policy, please contact our privacy contact person, you will find the contact
details at the end of our privacy policy.
About our dataprocessing
Below you can read how we process your data,
where we save it, what security techniques we use and to whom the data is
visible.Webshopsoftware
E-mail
and mailinglists
My
webhost
For our regular business email, we use the email
services of My webhost. This party has implemented fitting technical and
organisational measures to prevent misuse, loss or corruption of your data. My webhost
does not have access to our mailbox and we treat our email-traffic
confidentially.
Payment
processors
Reviews
Transport
and logistics
Accounting
and Bookkeeping
External
sales channels
Purpose
of data processing
General purpose of data processing
We use your data with the sole purpose of
providing you with our services. This means that the goal of processing this
data stands in direct relation to the assignment or task that you offer us. We
do not use this data for (addressed) marketing purposes. If you share
information with us and we use this information to – not based on a request –
contact you at a later time, we will first ask for explicit consent. Your data
is not shared with third parties, with any other purpose than to fulfil
accountancy and administrative obligations. These third parties are all
obligated to a duty of confidentiality based on the agreement we have with
them, an oath or legal obligation.
Automatically collected data
Information automatically
gathered by our website is processed with the sole purpose of providing you
with and/or to further improve our services. This information (for instance
your IP address (anonymised), web browser and operating system) is not personal
information.
Cooperation in tax and criminal
investigation
In some
cases, we may be obligated by government to a lawful duty of sharing your
information with the purpose of assisting in a fiscal or criminal
investigation. In such cases we are forced to comply and assist, but will,
based on lawful possibilities, offer objection.
Retention periods
We store your data for as long as you are a
client with us. This means that we maintain and keep your client profile until
you make it known to us that you no longer desire to use our services. Such a
message also functions as a request to be forgotten. We are required to keep
invoices with your (personal) information due to relevant administrative
obligations, this information is safely stored for as long as the relevant term
for these obligations has not yet passed. Personnel no longer has access to
your client profile and any documents made because of your assignment or task.
Your rights
Based on valid Dutch and European law you, as a
concerning party, have certain rights when it comes to personal data that is
processed by or on behalf of us. Below you may find an explanation of these
rights and how you, as a concerning party, can invoke these rights. In
principle to prevent abuse we only send invoices and copies of your data to
e-mail addresses that you have made known to us. Should you wish to receive
this data on another e-mail address or for instance per mail we will ask you to
identify yourself accordingly. We maintain an administration of concluded
requests, in case of a request to be forgotten we will maintain an
administration of anonymised data. You receive all invoices and copies of data
in files that are structured in a machine-readable format Based on data
classifications that we use within our system. At all times you maintain the
right to lodge a complaint with Autoriteit Persoonsgegevens if you suspect that
we mistreat or misuse your personal data.
Right of inspection
At
all times you maintain the right to view the data we process that has a relation
or may be reducible to your person. You may request such a viewing to our
contact in charge of privacy matters. You will receive a response to your
request within 30 days. If your request is approved we will send you, via the
e-mail address known to us, a copy of all data with an added overview of
processors managing this data while also mentioning the categories under which
we store this data.
Right to rectification
At all times you maintain the right to have the
data we process that has a relation or may be reducible to your person be
adjusted. You may request such an adjustment to our contact in charge of
privacy matters. You will receive a response to your request within 30 days. If
your request is approved we will send you, via the e-mail address known to us,
a confirmation that the data has been adjusted.
Right to restriction of processing
At all times you maintain the right to limit the
data we process that has a relation or may be reducible to your person. You may
request such limiting to our contact in charge of privacy matters. You will
receive a response to your request within 30 days. If your request is approved
we will send you, via the e-mail address known to us, a confirmation that the
processing of your data is limited until you chose to cancel
said limitation.
Right of transferability
At
all times you maintain the right to request for the data we process that has a
relation or may be reducible to your person be processed by a third party of
choice. You may send in such a request to our contact in charge of privacy
matters. You will receive a response to your request within 30 days. If your
request is approved we will send you, via the e-mail address known to us, your
(personal) invoices or copies of data that we, or third parties on behalf of
us, have processed. It is highly likely that in such a case we can no longer
offer our services to you for we can no longer guarantee the previous data
safety.
Right of objection and other
rights
At all times you maintain the right to object to
the processing done by us, or on behalf of us by third parties, of your
personal data. In case of such an objection we will immediately cease all
processing of your data while your objection is being investigated and handled.
In case of a justified objection we will return all invoices and/or copies of
personal data that we, or third parties on behalf of us, have processed up
until that point and cease processing thereafter. You also maintain the right
to not be subject of automated decision-making processes or profiling. We
process your data in such a way that this right does not apply. Should you
believe that this right does apply then we ask you to reach out to our contact
in charge of privacy matters.
Privacy policy changes
At all times
we maintain the right to alter our privacy policy. This page however always
displays the most recent version of our privacy policy. Should a new privacy
policy have consequences for the ways in which we process recently gathered
data in regard to your person, then we will notify you of this via e-mail.
Company details
diecastmuscle.com
3291 Jerry Toth Drive Juneau, Alaska(AK), 99801 United States T (907) 723-9707 E info@diecastmuscle.com
Contact the person for privacy issues
Lester Craig
Search
Search
Latest news
Center Armrest in Muscle Cars
What muscle cars can you get for 20.000$ today?
History of the Mustang Shelby GT500
Roof rack on your muscle
car
Usefull informationSuggestions & questions
- Contact
Usefull links:
- What are muscle cars?
- Muscle car sale!
- Custom wooden shutters
Trade links or advertise? contact us!
Muscle cars
You have missed
interesting gadgets to buy
Center Armrest in Muscle Cars
June 3, 2019
Lester Craig
Chevrolet muscle cars Ford muscle cars
What muscle cars can you get for 20.000$ today?
May 24, 2019
Lester Craig
Ford muscle cars
History of the Mustang Shelby GT500
May 15, 2019
Lester Craig
interesting gadgets to buy
Roof rack on your muscle
car
May 7, 2019
Lester Craig
Copyright © 2020 American Muscle Car
Theme by: Theme HorseProudly Powered by: WordPress
English
Dutch
English