https://digitalscrapper.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Home / Privacy Policy
Last Updated 06/01/2019
Effective Date 09/15/2005
Digital Scrapper and QwikLearn (“We,” “Our,” or “Us”), is committed to guarding the privacy of any user/customer information gathered and transmitted over Our Websites (https://digitalscrapper.com and https://QwikLearn.Teachable.com). This Privacy Policy is intended to inform you of what information is collected, how it is used, and how it is kept secure. If you are a registered user of Our websites, your rights and obligations will be governed by the Terms of Use Agreement available for viewing at https://qwiklearn.com/terms-of-use.php and this Privacy Policy.
Information We Collect
We collect several types of information from and about users of the Websites:
Contact Us and Help Desk:
We collect information that you choose to provide to Us through the Contact Us feature on Our Websites. Your use of these features is entirely voluntary, and the information you provide Us is up to you. If you request for Us to contact you, other than an email address, you are not required to provide any personal information and We encourage you not to include any information that We do not need or that you do not want Us to have.
Class, Forum, and Gallery Registration:
We collect information that you choose to provide to Us when you enroll in one of Our web-based classes. Your enrollment is entirely voluntary, and the information you provide Us is up to you. However, if you do not provide any personal information, We may not be able to provide you access to the class for which you wish to enroll.
If you choose to enroll in a class, We will need to obtain your first and last name and email address at the time of enrollment. The email address is used to send relevant class registration and followup information. You may choose at any time to opt out of receiving emails from Our classroom system by clicking the Unsubscribe link at the bottom of any email.
Blog Comments:
When visitors leave comments on our blog, we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Weekly Newsletter:
Our weekly newsletter, which We deliver by email to subscribers, is administered through aWeber Communications. When you subscribe to Our newsletter, aWeber collects and stores your name and email address in their system. aWeber tracks individual subscriber’s opens and click-throughs for each email broadcast for the purpose of helping Us improve Our newsletter service and to track the effectiveness of Our marketing. Enrolling in a class automatically subscribes you to your weekly newsletter.
You may edit and update your subscriber information by clicking the Change Subscriber Options link at the bottom of any newsletter. You may unsubscribe from Our newsletter list at any time by clicking the Unsubscribe link at the bottom of any of Our newsletters, or by writing to the contact address listed at the bottom of this Privacy Policy. We periodically purge the unsubscribed lists from Our aWeber account and will delete your subscriber data upon request. If We delete your subscriber data you will no longer receive newsletter communications from Us.
Affiliate Marketing:
We occasionally market through affiliates who promote our classes on their respective websites and receive a commission when a customer enrolls in a class through our classroom. When a customer clicks on an offer for one of Our classes on an affiliate’s website the URL passes through Our classroom software and a cookie is placed on the site visitor’s computer in order to associate the specific class offer and customer with the affiliate. Personally identifiable information is not associated with the cookie. After a customer purchases a class through an affiliate link, affiliates have the ability to log into Our system and see the customer’s first and last name, class purchased, and date of purchase.
Other Information We Collect
We may collect information automatically as you navigate through Our Websites. Information collected automatically may include usage details, IP addresses, and information collected through automated tracking technologies (described below). The technologies We use for this automatic data collection may include:
Cookies (or browser cookies)
A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. Cookies are required in order to use Our classroom software, forum, and gallery. If you do have cookies turned on in your browser, Our site will only use them to store a randomly generated session ID. The session ID allows your browser to maintain a continuous user session with Our site, contains no personally identifiable information, and is used for no other purpose.
If you leave a blog comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
Spam Detection and Your Data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Web Beacons
Pages of Our Websites may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags and single-pixel gifs) that permit Us, for example, to count users who have visited those pages, and for collecting other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
This information is retained until you clear it, for example by deleting cookies using your web browser. You are not obligated to provide Us with any information. However, if you do not, you may be unable to use some parts of Our Websites or Our services.
Some content or applications on Our Websites may be served by third-parties, including advertisers, ad networks and servers, content providers and application providers. These third parties may use similar technologies to collect information about you when you use Our Websites. The information they collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services. They may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content.
We do not control these third parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you have any questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider directly.
When you use Our Websites from a mobile device, We may receive information about your location and your device, including a unique identifier for your device.
How We Use, and Share, Your Information
We use the information that We collect about you or that you provide to Us as described above, including any personal information, in the following ways:
To present Our Websites and their contents to you, to improve and optimize Our services, and to collect information about the popularity and performance of Our Websites.
To assist you with the Services. We collect and retain this information in order to provide services to you and for research and development purposes. We retain information in perpetuity, to assist Us in providing and improving Our Services.
With regard to information you provide Us through the Contact Us page or Help Desk, We use this information for Our everyday business purposes and to investigate and/or respond to your request and for any other purpose for which such information was provided.
To carry out Our obligations and enforce Our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and Us, including for billing and collection. If you do not provide this information, or if you provide incomplete or inaccurate information, We will not be able to provide you with Our Services.
To provide you with information about products and services available through Us, Our partner organizations, or other organizations that We think may be of interest to you.
To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, assignment, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Our business or its assets, whether as a going concern or as part of a bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding, in which such information held by Us about Our Websites and its users are among the assets transferred (or in advance of or in contemplation of such a transaction).
We may provide user information to third-party service providers, vendors or partners, for purposes of, including without limitation, initiating direct marketing programs on Our behalf, data tracking, maintenance or development of Our system and Websites, development of online products and services, customer service, new product development, research, or other contracted promotional opportunities provided to Our users.
For any purpose for which you have given Us consent.
We may disclose your personal information to comply with any court order, law or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request, to enforce or apply Our Terms of Use, Forever Access Policy, and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes, or if We believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect Our rights, property, or safety or that of others.
We may share information, in the aggregate, regarding your online browsing preferences to evaluate Our products or allow third parties We work with to better serve Our users.
Finally, We may share information that We collect or you provide as described in this Privacy Policy, to Our contractors, partners, service providers, researchers, and other third parties We use for the purpose of these groups marketing and offering their products and services directly to you.
How can you update the personal information you provide online
You can review and change your personal information We store in Our databases by using any account features We provide for that purpose, or if you do not have an account and you have concerns, questions, or requests relating to the collection of information (including your personal information) you may also contact Us at the address listed below. We will try to accommodate a request to change information, provided that such request is not prohibited by law, or fulfilling such request does not expose Us to any potential legal liability. Please keep in mind that it may not be possible for Us to specifically associate information collected with you, as much of the information collected by Us is anonymous in nature and may not allow the information to be associated with any particular person. Also, deletion of your information may result in deletion or removal of your account and erasure of any purchases you have made with Us.
Individuals using a Service online may contact Our customer service directly via email or Our Help Desk to correct, amend, or delete their personal information. Please see the “Contact Information” section below for this information.
How You Can Opt Out of Sharing Your Information
By providing information to Us or using Our Websites, you are consenting to Our use of your data as outlined in this Privacy Policy. You may opt-out of data sharing by contacting Us. Please see “Contact Information” below for this information. Opting out of Our use of your data may result in your inability to access and use Our Services.
Transmission of Data to Other Countries
Your personal information is processed in the United States, where privacy laws may be less stringent than the laws in your country and where the government, courts, or law enforcement may be able to access your information. By submitting your personal information to Us you agree to the transfer, storage, and processing of your information in the United States.
Do you reside in the EU?
If you reside, permanently or temporarily, in the European Union, We may provide you with additional options concerning your information.
Changes to your Personal Information. We rely upon you to update and correct your personal information. If you identify an error in your information you can make a request that We modify it by contacting Us using the information in the “Contact Information” section below.
Access to your Personal Information. If required by law We will grant reasonable access to personal information that We hold about you. All requests must be directed to the address included in the “Contact Information” section below.
Revocation of Consent or Restricting Processing. If you revoke your consent for the processing of personal information, or wish to restrict the ways in which We can use your information, then We may no longer be able to provide you certain services. In some cases We may limit or deny your request to revoke consent or restrict use if the law permits or requires Us to do so, or if Our processing is not based on your consent. If you would like to revoke your consent or restrict Our use of information such a request must be directed to the address included in the “Contact Information” section below.
Deletion of your Information. Typically We retain your personal information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this policy, unless a longer retention period is required by a regulator. If required by law, and permitted by a regulator, We will grant a request that We delete your personal information. All such requests must be directed to the address included in the “Contact Information” section below. Deletion of your information will result in your inability to access or use Our Services.
Complaints. Complaints can be sent to Us at the address included in the “Contact Information” section below. Some jurisdictions may also allow you to complain to a data protection authority as well.
How We Respond to Do Not Track Signals
Your browser may include settings that allow you to send a signal to websites that indicate that you do not want to be tracked. Please consult the options and settings of your web browser for details. Currently, We respond to such signals in the following manner. We currently utilize Google Analytics to measure site traffic, regardless of “do not track” signals. We do not collect or share personally identifiable information about your online activities through web tacking mechanisms, therefore “Do Not Track” signals are not honored. Information collected or shared about your online activity does not identify you.
Children Under the Age of 16
The Websites are intended for use by adults 18 years of age and older. The Websites are not intended for children under 16 years of age. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 16. If you are under 16, you may not register for any of Our services, We do not recommend that you use this website or any of the features on the website, and you should not provide any information about yourself to Us, including your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address or any screen name or username you may use. If We learn We have collected or received personal information from a child under 16 without verification of parental consent, We will delete that information. If you believe We might have any information from or about a child under 16, please contact Us at the address listed below. Please be advised the restrictions stated above do not apply to information about children provided to Us by such child’s parent and/or guardian.
Security
We have adopted physical, technical, and administrative security measures to help protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of all information processed through Our Websites and services. These measures include the use of secure server technology during credit card transactions and administrative access to site data, as well as other proprietary security measures. While We are committed to exercising reasonable care in providing secure transmission of information between your computer and Our servers, We cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information transmitted to Us over the Internet and We accept no liability for any unintentional disclosure.
Confidentiality of processing. Digital Scrapper shall ensure that any person who is authorized to process customer data (including its staff, agents, and subcontractors) shall be under an appropriate obligation of confidentiality (whether a contractual or statutory duty).
Security Incident Response. Upon becoming aware of a security incident, Digital Scrapper shall notify customers without undue delay and shall provide timely information relating to the security incident as it becomes known or as is reasonably requested by customer.
Contact Information
For inquiries, concerns, complaints, or to opt-out of data sharing, you may contact customer service at:
Digital Scrapper
Attn: Customer Service
P.O. Box 538
New Paris, IN 46553
We use cookies to offer you a better browsing experience, analyze site traffic, personalize content, and serve targeted advertisements. Read about how we use cookies and how you can control them by clicking "Privacy Preferences". If you continue to use this site, you consent to our use of cookies.
Privacy Preferences
I Agree