http://dinosaurfarm.com/faqs/index.php#privacy
I'm looking fora giftAnyClothes, Costumes & GearDino Books & DVDsDino InflatablesDino Room DecorDino Toys, Plush & MerchDinosaur CollectionsDinosaur Train SetsGift CardHoliday GoodiesInfant/ToddlerParty Favors & SuppliesPuzzles, Games & Kitspriced between&Search GiftsSearch Gifts××
Home
Products
On Sale
Dinosaur Collections
Puzzles, Games & Kits
Dino Toys, Plush & Merch
Clothes, Costumes & Gear
Dino Books & DVDs
Party Favors & Supplies
Dino Room Decor
Dino Inflatables
Dinosaur Train Sets
Dinosaurs
Our Story
FAQs
Blog
Contact
Checkout
$0.000 items in the shopping bagUnfortunately, your shopping bag is empty.Go to the shopGo to the shop
Home
Products
On Sale
Dinosaur Collections
Puzzles, Games & Kits
Dino Toys, Plush & Merch
Clothes, Costumes & Gear
Dino Books & DVDs
Party Favors & Supplies
Dino Room Decor
Dino Inflatables
Dinosaur Train Sets
Dinosaurs
Our Story
FAQs
Blog
Contact
Checkout
$0.000 items in the shopping bagUnfortunately, your shopping bag is empty.Go to the shopGo to the shop
FAQs
The Dinosaur Farm > FAQs
Do you have a guarantee?
Do you have an actual storefront?
What is your shipping procedure?
How is my data used?
The Farm Guarantee
The items listed in our site are almost always in stock and we will ship them to you within 24 hours, excluding holidays and weekends. Exceptions to this rule the Supersize Inflatables. The giant inflatables are drop shipped from New York. If we run out of something as you order, we'll notify you and give you the choice of waiting, canceling or replacing the item.
We want you to be happy with your Dino of choice so all items have a 30 day money back guarantee. Make sure your order information and a current phone number are included with your merchandise.
If you have any other questions, please give us a call or e-mail us. We will be happy to help you out.
Come Visit Us In Person
Our store is located in South Pasadena, California at 1510 Mission Street, between Fremont and Fair Oaks.
There's free parking in front and in back, and a great old-fashioned soda fountain a few doors down.
Our current hours of operation are 11-5 Tuesdays-Saturday. For information on Internet Orders call Monday-Friday 12nn-4pm PST. Phone: 626-441-2767 • sales@dinosaurfarm.com
Shipping Information
Click here to view outbound transit days
For domestic orders: we ship via UPS and USPS. Shipping estimate for Ground Shipping is 4-6 working days. For shipping to Hawaii,Alaska, APO, and Post Office boxes we use USPS Priority Mail The postage rates in the site are for domestic destinations only. All 2 Day and Next Day rates are subject to change if the box is too big or heavy. Also, the "first" day of the "2-Day" time period is the day after it's shipped. ALSO, weekends don't figure in to the 2-days. We will not ship until we notify you and receive permission to ship for the revised rate.
Please note: UPS doesn't deliver on weekends, or Holidays. Don't expect a package on Saturday, if you pick Overnight for Friday. If you need it on Saturday, call in and we'll see if we can help.
Overseas orders: (including APO's and FPO's) are usually shipped via USPS Airmail. PLEASE NOTE: overseas orders depend on the speed of delivery, size & weight of the package and destination. The site automatically defaults to $30, but we will estimate the shipping cost for you and notify you of your options if we're shipping outside of the US (APO's will just be shipped for the quoted price).
Canada orders: If the actual cost is under the $30 Default quote the order will be shipped out the same day via UPS ground or Priority mail, and the charge will be lowered. Please make a special note in the comments section if the delivery needs to be rushed.
Special Holiday Restrictions: UPS won't guarantee any Ground Shipping, due to weather conditions and volume of packages, but the chances are good that the package will arrive on time if you get your order in by December 14th. They DO guarantee 3-Day, 2-Day, and Next Day. Of course, by "Guarantee" they mean they'll refund the extra shipping cost if it doesn't arrive on time. If we're shipping to the western portion (brown or gold part of the map) of the US, you can use Ground Shipping until the 18th with pretty good assurance that it will arrive before Christmas.
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order or subscribe to our newsletter.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience:Your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs.
To improve our website:We continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
To improve customer service:Your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
To process transactions:Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
To send periodic emails:The email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
Do we use cookies?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
We use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart, understand and save your preferences for future visits and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
As part of the California Online Privacy Protection Act, all users of our site may make any changes to their information at anytime by going to the Account Details section on the My Account page.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our online privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Questions? Phone: (626) 441-2767
Address: 1510 Mission StreetSouth Pasadena, CA 91030.
Regular Store Hours:11-5 Tuesdays-Sunday, Closed Mondays
Visit Our Store
Shopping At The FarmTrack Your Order
Shipping Info
Privacy Policy
My Account
My Wishlist
Follow Us
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Google+
Yelp
Pinterest
Get updates delivered to your inbox!