http://discount-train.com/content/5-privacy-policy
Sitemap
Cart
0
Product
Products
(empty)
Your Account
Welcome
Login
Home
About Us
Legal Notice
Terms of Sale
Privacy Policy
Directions
Cart
0
products
product
(empty)
No products
$0.00
Shipping
$0.00
Total
Cart Check out
Shop Trains
LGB
Marklin
Lionel
Atlas
Broadway Limited
Kato
Micro-Trains
Trix
Fox Valley
USA Trains
American Flyer
Walthers
Circuitron
Peco
MRC
AZL
Other
>
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Discount Train and Hobby collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of the http://discount-train.com website ("Site"). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Discount Train and Hobby.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, place an order, fill out a form, subscribe to the newsletter and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number, and credit card information.
Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously.
We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
Discount Train and Hobby collects and uses Users personal information for the following purposes:
To improve customer serviceYour information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
To personalize user experienceWe may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
To improve our SiteWe continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
To process transactionsWe may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
To administer a content, promotion, survey or other Site featureTo send Users information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them.
To send periodic emailsThe email address Users provide for order processing, will only be used to send them information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, and/or other requests or questions. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email or User may contact us via our Site.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and its Users happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures.
Third party websites
Users may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website's own terms and policies.
Compliance with children's online privacy protection act
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our Site from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
Changes to this privacy policy
Discount Train and Hobby has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, revise the updated date at the bottom of this page,. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy and terms of service. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:Discount Train and Hobbyhttp://discount-train.com1061 NE 45th Street Fort Lauderdale, FL 33334954-564-2440sales@discount-train.com
Updated 5/7/2014
New products
LGB 30692 - RhB Baggage Car
RhB Baggage Car with Pantograph, Era VI w/Metal WheelsRead more LGB 30432 - Christmas Excursion Car
Christmas Passenger Car, "CHLOE" DesignRead more LGB 23132 - Christmas Chloe Locomotive
Christmas CHLOE Steam Locomotive w/LightsRead more LGB 36020 - 2020 Limited Christmas Car
The Christmas Car for 2020 is extensively imprinted with a beautiful...Read more LGB 48573 - RhB Sliding Wall Car
RhB Type Hai-tvz Sliding Wall BoxcarRead more
» All new products
Location
» Get directions!
Contact us
Monday - Saturday, 10 AM to 5 PMSunday, CLOSED
Phone954-564-2440 Email Us
Newsletter
Categories
Products
LGB
Marklin
Lionel
Atlas
Broadway Limited
Kato
Micro-Trains
Trix
Fox Valley
Other
USA Trains
American Flyer
Walthers
Circuitron
Peco
MRC
AZL
My account
My orders
My credit slips
My addresses
My personal info
Sign out
Contact us
Discount Train 1061 NE 45th Street
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33334 Tel: 954-564-2440 Email: sales@discount-train.com
Time is ticking for shipping. Get you orders in ASAP...
Due to the Covid-19 Pandemic we will have the following policy AT THE STORE.
BY APPOINTMENT ONLY!!!
Look, I am now of the age where COVID-19 could easily kill me.
I have always tried to be there for my customers and I will try to keep doing that through this nightmare of a pandemic, but, I need anyone coming to my store location to be extremely careful and respectful of the rules so we can come through this alive. I mean this. Please, if at all possible, order through the website and you can still pick-up at the store, but, it will make contact that much shorter. Thanks...Rick
I will allow 1 customer in the store per hour. ALL COVID-19 CDC instructions will be followed.
MASKS ETC. BATHROOM IS NOT AVAILABLE!!!
YOU CAN CALL 954-564-2440 for an appointment or EMAIL me at sales@discount-train.com
We ship daily. Orders shipped the same day if order is completed by 4PM Eastern time.
I will open Monday-Saturday. 10-5.
We have been in business here in Fort Lauderdale for over 40 years.
We have filled 40,000 items on our website and over 7,000 on our website in the last 6 years alone.
We only sell top quality items at fair prices. We carry specific lines which we have faith in and we refuse to sell items which do not live up to our standards. That's why we have a return percentage of less than 1/10 of 1 percent. If there is a problem, we will handle it in the best way possible.
We will continue these policies as long as we remain in business.
Please note, when accessing our website, the URL will state that it is not secure. That is correct. BUT, our order form IS SECURE as it is through PayPal.
rick
Browse the mobile site