https://diydietstore.com/privacy-policy/
icon-visa
icon-mastercard
icon-american-express
icon-discover
icon-paypal
icon-apple
×
Don't Waste Your Money! Learn the 7 BIGGEST Mistakes People Make While on the Our Diet
Close
×
Your cart
$0.00
Check out
Edit cart
CONTINUE SHOPPING
Home /
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The DIY Diet Store Privacy Policy privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for www.diydietstore.com. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by the DIY Diet Store website. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the DIY website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
How DIY policy changes will be communicated.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing We (DIY Diet Store) are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. DIY will not sell or rent this information to any outside party.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. DIY will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about DIY specials, new diet related products and services, or changes to the DIY privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment. We NEVER retain credit card information online or in-house.
We may change the DIY Diet Store Privacy Policy from time to time.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 844-217-1629 or info@diydietstore.com.
×
Get Dr. Simeons' Manuscript Now
Close