http://dogtagmachines.com/terms-and-conditions/
Terms and Conditions
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE. All users of this site agree that access to and use of this site are subject to the following terms and conditions and other applicable law. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use this site.
Copyright:
You acknowledge that the Site contains information, data, software, photographs, typefaces, graphics, and other material (collectively "Content") that are protected by copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, rights in databases and/or other proprietary rights, and that these rights are valid and protected in all forms, media and technologies existing now or hereinafter developed.  All Content is copyrighted as a collective work under the U.S.. copyright laws, and we own a copyright and/or database right in the selection, coordination, arrangement, presentment and enhancement of such Content.  You may not modify, remove, delete, augment, add to, publish, transmit, participate in the transfer or sale of, create derivative works from or adaptations of, or in any way exploit any of the Content, in whole or in part.  If no specific restrictions are displayed, you may make copies of select portions of the Content, provided that the copies are made only for your personal use and that you maintain any notices contained in the Content, such as all copyright notices, trademark legends, or other proprietary rights notices.  Except as provided in the preceding sentence or as permitted by the fair use privilege under the U.S.. copyright laws (see, e.g., 17 U.S.C. Section 107), or your legal rights under any other similar copyright law, you may not upload, post, reproduce, or distribute in any way Content protected by copyright, or other proprietary right, without obtaining permission of the owner of the copyright or other propriety right. .
Trademarks:
Your Supply Depot Limited and other marks which may or may not be designated on the Site by a © "TM" "SM" or other similar designation, are registered, pending or unregistered trademarks or service marks of Your Supply Depot Limited or our affiliates, suppliers, or third parties. Our graphics, logos, page headers, button icons, scripts, and service names are trademarks or trade dress of  Your Supply Depot Limited.  The use of any of our trademarks or service marks without our express written consent is strictly prohibited. You may not use our trademarks or service marks in connection with any product or service in any way that is likely to cause confusion. You may not use our trademarks or service marks in any manner that disparages or discredits us. You may not use any of our trademarks or service marks in meta tags without prior explicit consent
Warranty Disclaimer
This site and the materials and products on this site are provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, Your Supply Depot Limited disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. Your Supply Depot Limited does not represent or warrant that the functions contained in the site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that the defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes the site available are free of viruses or other harmful components. Your Supply Depot Limited does not make any warrantees or representations regarding the use of the materials in this site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, adequacy, usefulness, timeliness, reliability or otherwise. Some states do not permit limitations or exclusions on warranties, so the above limitations may not apply to you.
Limitation of Liability
Your Supply Depot Limited shall not be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials on this site or the performance of the products, even if Your Supply Depot Limited. has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Applicable law may not allow the limitation of exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.
Typographical Errors
In the event that a Your Supply Depot Limited product is mistakenly listed at an incorrect price, Your Supply Depot Limited reserves the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. Your Supply Depot Limited reserves the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is canceled, Your Supply Depot Limited shall issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price.
Term; Termination
These terms and conditions are applicable to you upon your accessing the site and/or completing the registration or shopping process. These terms and conditions, or any part of them, may be terminated by Your Supply Depot Limited without notice at any time, for any reason. The provisions relating to Copyrights, Trademark, Disclaimer, Limitation of Liability, Indemnification and Miscellaneous, shall survive any termination.
Notice
Your Supply Depot Limited may deliver notice to you by means of e-mail, a general notice on the site, or by other reliable method to the address you have provided to Your Supply Depot Limited.
Miscellaneous
Your use of this site shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the state of Illinois, County of McHenry, City of Marengo , without regard to choice of law provisions, and not by the 1980 U.N. Convention on contracts for the international sale of goods. You agree that jurisdiction over and venue in any legal proceeding directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to this site (including but not limited to the purchase of Your Supply Depot Limited products) shall be in the state or federal courts located in McHenry County, Illinois. Any cause of action or claim you may have with respect to the site (including but not limited to the purchase of Your Supply Depot Limited products) must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises. Your Supply Depot Limited's failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these terms and conditions shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. Neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice shall act to modify any of these terms and conditions. Your Supply Depot Limited may assign its rights and duties under this Agreement to any party at any time without notice to you.
Use of Site
Harassment in any manner or form on the site, including via e-mail, chat, or by use of obscene or abusive language, is strictly forbidden. Impersonation of others, including a Your Supply Depot Limited or other licensed employee, host, or representative, as well as other members or visitors on the site is prohibited. You may not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through the site any content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable which may constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or which may otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law. You may not upload commercial content on the site or use the site to solicit others to join or become members of any other commercial online service or other organization.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Your Supply Depot Limited, its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers (collectively the "Service Providers") from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any violation of these terms and conditions or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing the site using your Internet account.
Third-Party Links
In an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, Your Supply Depot Limited may link to sites operated by third parties. However, even if the third party is affiliated with Your Supply Depot Limited, Your Supply Depot Limited has no control over these linked sites, all of which have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of Your Supply Depot Limited. These linked sites are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk. Nonetheless, Your Supply Depot Limited seeks to protect the integrity of its web site and the links placed upon it and therefore requests any feedback on not only its own site, but for sites it links to as well (including if a specific link does not work).