https://dominomarket.com/shipping-privacy/
FREE U.S. SHIPPING
×
About
Shipping & Privacy
Contact
0 Items
Our Privacy & Security Policies
Privacy
We are committed to protecting your privacy. We will never sell, trade or rent your personal information to anyone. We use the information we collect from you to process your order and provide a more personalized shopping experience.
Security
When you shop with us, all personal information is encrypted and sent to us via a secure server. Encryption ensures that no one can access your information. Your payment information is never stored on our server.
Dominoes & Domino Sets Shipping & Returns
Where We Ship
Our shipping range includes the USA and Canada
Shipping Options & Delivery Time:
We use USPS Priority Mail for shipping and all items are shipped from Austin TX 78756
From day SHIPPED, USPS Priority Mail typically takes 2-5 business days for delivery
Regular stock items, typically ship within 1-2 days.
Personalized orders due to production time, typically ship within 1-2 weeks
Shipping Costs:
Our site provides a shipping cost calculator on the Basket Page. You can add items to your basket and then on the Basket Page, enter your shipping info and get the shipping cost for your order.
Dominoes Return Policy
Satisfaction Guaranteed
We stand behind our products and guarantee your satisfaction with every order. All items purchased are guaranteed to be free of defects. Should you receive an item that is defective or not to your satisfaction, we will gladly accept the return. Please return the item in original packaging and condition within 30 days. We cannot accept returns of items that have been used. Please inspect item before using to ensure that it is free of defects. We are not able to refund initial shipping charges or return shipping charges incurred by you unless item is defective or return is a result of an error on our part.
Damaged Items
We prefer email contact because we have documentation & record from you regarding the issue. Please do not handle damaged item. Please keep damaged contents in original shipping box as we may have you return the item to us. We will either send a replacement to you at no charge or issue a full refund.
Returning an Item
We prefer email contact because we have documentation & record from you regarding the issue. Refunds are processed in the same form as original payment used for purchase within 1 – 14 days upon us receiving the return. We can only refund initial shipping charges or return shipping charges incurred by you if item is defective or return is a result of an error on our part.
Return Address:
DominoMarket.comc/o Growler Room
6800 Burnet Road Suite 2
Austin, Texas 78757
Personalized Items:
We cannot accept returns of personalized items. If a personalized item has an error due to us, we will replace the item free of charge
Limit of Liability:
All items shipped by us are inspected for damage before shipment to you. Occasionally damage occurs during transit and DominoMarket.com cannot be held liable or responsible in any way for loss or injury associated with or directly from the use or possession of items that we sell. Upon receipt of the items, purchaser and/or user assumes completely and indisputably all responsibility for damage or injuries of any kind associated in any way with items sold by DominoMarket.com. Should the purchaser and/or user not agree to this policy, he or she must notify DominoMarket.com immediately upon receipt of order to arrange for return of all items.
×
Contact DominoMarket
Name
*
Email
Phone
Message
Send