https://donegalsquare.com/privacy-policy/
in the heart of historic bethlehem   •   534 Main Street Bethlehem, PA 18018   •   610.866.3244
About Us
The Donegal Square Story
Covid-19 Reopening Guidelines
Hope for Life Cancer Awareness Tartan
Ireland and The British Isles
Our Community
News
Contact Donegal
Careers
Events
Donegal Events
Red Stag Pub Events
Celtic Fest
Musikfest
Visit Donegal
Shop Donegal Square
New Virtual Shopping
Donegal Team
Custom Product Orders
Weddings & Celebrations
Kilt Rentals
Classes
Donegal Tours
Blog
Shop
Apparel
Jewelry
Home
Irish Food
Celtic Gifts
Hope For Life Tartan
Bodycare
Accessories
Cart
Checkout
My Account
Get lucky with new promotions, new artisan information and more delivered straight to your inbox.
First Name*Last Name*Email*
CAPTCHAPhoneThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Privacy Policy We care about you and your privacy so we have designed this privacy policy in order to inform our users the way we collect any kind of information from them and how we use that information. By using www.donegalsquare.com (the “website”), you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy. We may collect information such as your name, email address, date of birth, or your postal address when contacting us regarding your initial queries, or ordering our products. We advise you to please carefully go through the document in order to understand our privacy policy, and also to refer to our Terms of Service. Moreover, we may change this document or make some adjustments from time to time, please make sure to visit this page regularly to stay up to date.  Your personal details will never be shared to the third party advertisers.  Information and its use:  When purchasing our products and services, or simply signing up for our e-mail newsletter, you are required to enter personal details which may include: Your name Email address Phone numbers Debit or credit card details We collect the information from you in order to: Provide complete access to our website Register as an authorized user on our website Inform you about all the latest products, deals and other information relevant to you. All information will be delivered by e-mail. Track your activity on our site. We may use this information in order to conduct our market research that will help us to deliver a customized service to our users. Our tracking activities do not have any impact on your surfing experience on our website and these activities are completely safe. Stop users from posting content that is inappropriate, offensive or objectionable. You can choose not to provide certain information, but in so choosing you may not be able to take advantage of many of our features. We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, customizing future experiences for you, improving our operations, and communicating with you. You can visit our website, read materials, and browse the website’s contents without giving us any personally identifiable information. In order to provide you with the most efficient and enhanced personalized service and attention, we collect certain information automatically. How We Collect and Use Information Log Files. When you visit our website, the information from your website is automatically gathered by our servers from your browser. The information includes your IP address, browser specifications, Internet service provider you use, pages you visit, type of platform and the number of clicks. By doing this we analyze trends and brands, prevent fraud, gather demographic info and many more. We do not share the log files and they are safe. Cookies. When you are visiting our site or using our Services we use “cookies” to track some information. Cookies are actually extremely small files that are places on your computer. They allow us to keep track of the number of visitors and to recognize the repeat visitors from the new ones. Furthermore, cookies allow us to save user preferences and in the same time to keep the track of the current user trends. For us cookies are important and if your browser rejects all cookies you will not have a proper use of the website. Any User that rejects the use of cookies assumes all the responsibilities for any possible loss. The cookies are not linked to any Personally Identifiable Information (“PII”). What Types of Cookies redstagpub.com Use? We use first person, second person, session, flash and persistent cookies. When delivering special content such as video clips or animation, we may use Adobe Flash Player. These cookies, also known as local shared objects, are used to improve your browsing experience by remembering your preferences and settings. These cookies are managed by an interface different from your web browser and are stored on your device. You cannot manage flash cookies through your web browser the same way as other cookies. The time a cookie stays on your browsing device depends on if it is a “session” or “persistent” cookie. Persistent cookies are stored until they are deleted or expire. Session cookies are stored until you stop browsing. Web Beacons. “Web beacons” are often used together with cookies to personalize the website for our users. They are also used to collect a small amount of information about our visitors. Web beacons, that are also called “clear gifs” or “pixel tags” are actually small graphic images that are transparent. Also, the use of Web beacons is sometimes through email in order of understanding the behavior of our Users. Web beacons are not linked to any PII. Mobile Analytics. For better understanding of the functions of our mobile software we use mobile analytics. Mobile Analytics might keep track of some information. These include how often you use the application, all the events that happen within the using of the application, the amount of usage, data about the performance of the application and where was it downloaded from. We don’t link any info that we store through mobile analytics software to any PII. Contact Terms Telephone: We may contact you personally if we feel there’s some issue regarding your membership or even answer your queries. We may even call you to get some feedback about the products we offer. We may also call you to get your permission to post your success story on our website. Email: We reserve the rights to send emails to those who signed up on our website or posted any query. We will never spam you. If you are interested in not receiving any email from us, you can always unsubscribe us. All the emails are sent by our company and we don’t share your personal details with third party sites. You may unsubscribe to any of our online e-mail updates by following the unsubscribe instructions in the body of any e-mail message. We will take commercially reasonable steps to implement your opt-out requests promptly; but you may still receive promotional information from us for up to 21 days. Changes to Our Privacy policy We reserve the right to modify or make adjustments in this privacy policy without prior notice. Should any of these changes generate an error or discrepancy, you, as the user, agree that the website and its company shall not be held liable for any damages caused by said issue. We recommend that you check the Privacy Policy when you visit our Website to be sure that you are aware of and understand our current policy. If we make material changes to this policy, or in how we use or collect your personally identifiable information, we will prominently post such changes prior to implementing the change. We will not make any retroactive material changes in how we handle previously collected personal information unless you allow us to do so, or unless we are legally required to do so, and in such a case we will e-mail registered website visitors information on material changes to this Privacy Policy. Conditions of Use, Notices, and Revisions If you choose to visit our Website, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use, including limitations on damages, resolution of disputes, and application of the law of the State of Pennsylvania. If you have any concern about privacy at our Website, please contact us with a thorough description of that concern, and we will address it to the best of our ability. As our business changes, our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use may change also. We may e-mail periodic reminders of our notices and conditions, unless you have instructed us not to, but you should check our website frequently to see recent changes. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Policy applies to all  information that we have about you and your account. Disclosure of Your Information Disclosure By Law. With this you agree that we can reveal any information you provide if it is required by law, or the third party request. Also, if we believe that the revealing is in consideration to (1) according to law, any possible orders or requests from the law enforcement or any process that is legal; (2) the protection or defending of any third party’s or Donegal Square, LLC’s property or rights; or (3) in case of protecting anyone’s safety, when any kind if violence is used against anyone including you. Disclosure to Protect Abuse Victims. We have the right, but hold no obligation, to disclose any information or content that you submitted to the Services if in our opinion, we have suspicions that such information in any case violates a third party in any form of abuse. Abuse includes the following: elder and child abuse, spousal abuse, any form of neglect or domestic violence. This information shall be revealed to authorities that are suitable with dealing with such problems. These authorities may include without limitation agencies for child protection, law enforcement agencies or even court officials. You agree and understand that we are allowed to make this kind of disclosure. Disclosure to Trusted Third Parties By Us. If we share your non-PII with any third party, be sure that your identity will not be revealed. Sometimes we may share your non-PII with your PII with service providers that may work with us. This is done to so they can perform functions instead of us. For example, a customer care agent may need access to your information but only to perform services for you. All of these service providers will treat your information as private and confidential. All companies working for and with us must comply with our privacy policies, and are not permitted to sell your information to third parties or to use it except as authorized by us and you, or as permitted or required by law. Disclosure to Trusted Third Parties at Your Request. We may provide you with promotions, advertisements, sweepstakes and third party offers when you purchase a subscription or while you are visiting our site. You can choose to accept any such offer and then you have two options. You can choose to give the information regarding the offer you accepted directly to the third party or, we will provide your and your billing information to the third party user by pre-populating the registration forms of the offer. Keep in mind that your information will only be revealed if you accept the offer, once this is done you can’t quit the offer. If you wish to know how your information is being used go to the third party provider’s own privacy policy, it is on the offer pages. These offers may, if chosen, be presented on any Donegal Square, LLC website pages. Your information will be directly submitted to the third party. With this, you understand and agree that we shall not be held responsible or liable for any possible loss or violation of your information during your sharing information with the third party. Information Transferred As a Result of Sale of Business. While developing our business there might come to the buying or selling of assets and, your PII may be found as the transferred assets. In any case, if we are required to provide your PII as one of the assets, it will be transferred to the company that required it. If this happens, you shall be timely notified to any material changes regarding your PII. Use by Children We are committed to protecting the safety and privacy of children who visit our Website. We do not knowingly collect personal information online from children under 13 and have adopted techniques to ensure compliance with this Privacy Policy and the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (“COPPA”). COPPA and its accompanying regulations under United States federal law protect the privacy of children using the Internet. Our Website includes content that may be unsuitable or confusing for children under 13 who are not monitored in the receipt and processing of such content by an adult. We encourage all parents to talk to their children about online safety and to monitor their children’s use of the Internet. Visitors From Outside of the United States Our website and the servers that make this website available worldwide are located in the United States. The Internet laws in the United States govern all matters relating to this website. Any information you provide in subscribing to our website or registering or ordering at our website will be transferred to the United States. By visiting our website and submitting information, you authorize this transfer, processing and use. Security There are extreme security measures that will be used to protect misuse, loss or changing of the information or content that is in our database. These technologies are the use of Secure Socket Layer (SSL) and Strong Encryption. These technologies are used during your credit card transactions and the administrative accessing of our site. There are also other propriety measures that are applied. We will do our best to provide the best transmission between our servers and your computer. However, since all information is transmitted throughout the Internet we can’t guarantee a 100% secure transmission. With this in mind, we are not responsible for any misuse or disclosure. Although we have implemented systems and procedures to secure the data maintained by us, security during Internet transmissions can never be assured. Our policy is to limit access to personal data to those employees or agents with a specific need to access or retrieve this information. We store data on multiple service systems, in controlled environments. To maintain security, we conduct internal reviews of our security measures on a regular basis. Your rights You have the full rights to update/modify your personal information attached to your account. You can send us an email to info@donegalsquare.com. You even hold the right to inform us not to use your information for any of our advertising or marketing purposes. Termination We reserve the right to terminate or cancel your account we notice any inappropriate behavior or breach to our terms or privacy policy. Any questions about these terms may be directed through email to the support team of this website at info@donegalsquare.com
Weddings & Celebrations
at Donegal
Get lucky with new promotions, new artisan information and more delivered straight to your inbox.
Name*
First
Last
Email*
CAPTCHAEmailThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
visit us in the heart of historic bethlehem
534 Main Street Bethlehem, PA 18018 • 610.866.3244
Store Hours
Mon – Wed 10am – 5pm
Thursday  10am – 6pm
Fri – Sat 10am – 7pm
Sunday 11pm – 4pm
Careers
Donegal Events
Return Policy
Contact Donegal
Privacy Policy
Terms of Usage
©
© Donegal Square 2020
SSL Certificate
X
Donegal Square
About Us
The Donegal Square Story Covid-19 Reopening Guidelines Hope for Life Cancer Awareness Tartan Ireland and The British Isles Our Community News Contact Donegal Careers
Events
Donegal Events Red Stag Pub Events Celtic Fest Musikfest
Visit Donegal
Shop Donegal Square New Virtual Shopping Donegal Team Custom Product Orders
Weddings & Celebrations
Kilt Rentals
ClassesDonegal ToursBlogShop
Apparel Jewelry Home Irish Food Celtic Gifts Hope For Life Tartan Bodycare Accessories
Cart
Checkout My Account