https://doodlepaddesigns.com/privacy-policy/
Doodle Pad Designs provides handmade goods via the company website:  www.doodlepaddesigns.com.  Doodle Pad Designs is owned and operated by MaryAnna Vaughan.Your use of this website is subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Privacy Policy. PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY.  BY ACCESSING OR USING THIS WEBSITE AND IT’S SERVICES, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTOOD AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY ALL THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND OUR TERMS OF SERVICE.  IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO SUCH TERMS, EXIT THIS PAGE AND DO NOT ACCESS OR USE THE COMPANY WEBSITE/SERVICES.I am committed to respect and protect the privacy of the personal information I obtain from  you through Doodle Pad Designs and I have created this Privacy Policy to inform you about how I collect, use and share your personal information, and about our privacy practices in general.I am always ready to address your questions and concerns regarding this policy and my privacy practices.  If you would like to contact customer service, please contact me at the email address at the end of this Privacy Policy.I continually strive to find new ways to enhance your experience with Doodle Pad Designs and I may modify this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect changes in my privacy practices.  You are encouraged to review this Privacy Policy periodically and to check the “Last Updated” date at the top of the Privacy Policy for the most recent version.  If I make changes to this Privacy Policy, I will notify you here.This policy apples where I am acting as a data controller with respect to the personal data of my site visitors ad users (hereinafter both “Users”).  In other words, where I determine the purposes and means of the processing of that personal data. Terms of Service.  Use of the Doodle Pad Designs website is subject to the terms of my “TERMS OF SERVICE” through my online form, which is hereby incorporated and made part of this Privacy Policy.  By shopping with Doodle Pad Designs and using this website, you agree to be bound by my Terms of Service.Types and Uses of Collected Information.  Doodle Pad Designs collects two types of information about you:  a.  Personally Identifiable Information.  Personally Identifiable Information is information that identifies a specific person.  When you engage in certain activities via www.doodlepaddesigns.com, including but not limited to creating an account, sending feedback, or otherwise participating on the Doodle Pad Designs website (collectively, “Identification Activities”), I may ask you to provide certain information about yourself.  If you elect to engage in an Identification Activity I may ask you to provide me with certain personal information about yourself, such as your name, address (including zip code), email address, credit card information, telephone number and/or any other information you provide to us, to process your transaction, send communications about them to you, and populate forms for future transactions.  a. I may process data about your use of my website and services (“usage data”). The usage data may include your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views and website navigation paths, as well as information about the timing, frequency and pattern of your service use. The source of the usage data may be my analytics tracking software. This usage data may be processed for the purposes of analyzing the use of the website and services. The legal basis for this processing is based on your consent by using the website.b. I may process your account data (“account data”). The account data may include your name and email address.   The account data may be processed for the purposes of operating my website, providing my services, ensuring the security of my website and services, maintaining back-ups of my databases and communicating with you. The legal basis for this processing is based on your consent by using the website.c. I may process your information included in your personal profile on my Site (“profile data”). The profile data may include your name, address, telephone number, email address, profile pictures, gender, date of birth, relationship status, interests and hobbies, educational details and employment details. The profile data may be processed for the purposes of enabling and monitoring your use of my website and services. The legal basis for this processing is based on your consent by using the website.d. I may process information contained in any inquiry you submit to me regarding goods and/or services (“inquiry data”). The inquiry data may be processed for the purposes of offering, marketing and selling relevant goods and/or services to you. The legal basis for this processing is based on your consent by using the website.e. I may process information relating to transactions, including purchases of goods and services, that you enter into with me and/or through my Site (“transaction data”).  The transaction data may include your contact details, your credit card details and the transaction details.  The transaction data may be processed for the purpose of supplying the purchased goods and services and keeping proper records of those transactions. The legal basis for this processing is based on your consent by using the website.f. I may use or share Personally Identifiable Information to provide products and/or services to you, administer sweepstakes and contests, enhance the operation of the Company Service, improve my marketing and promotional efforts, analyze use of the website, improve the service offered by Doodle Pad Designs, and tailor your experience with third parties as provided below in this Privacy Policy. I may also use Personally Identifiable Information to troubleshoot, resolve disputes, accomplish administrative tasks, contact you, enforce my agreements with you, including our Terms of Service and this Privacy Policy, comply with applicable law, and cooperate with law enforcement activities.2.2 Non-Personally Identifiable Information. Non-Personally Identifiable Information is information that does not identify a specific person. This type of information may include things like the Uniform Resource Locator (“URL”) of the website you visited before coming to Doodle Pad Designs or otherwise participating in the services provided by Doodle Pad Designs, the URL of the website you visit after leaving Doodle Pad Designs, the type of browser you are using, your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, mobile carrier information, mobile device information, or general and/or aggregated location data that does constitute Personally Identifiable Information. I, and/or my authorized Third-Party Service Providers, may automatically collect this information when you visit or use www.doodlepaddesigns.com using electronic tools like Cookies and Web beacons or Pixel tags, as described below in this Privacy Policy.  Most of the other information I collect for mobile, such as your mobile device identification and mobile device type, the request type, your mobile carrier, your mobile carrier user identification, and the content of your request, does not by itself identify you to Doodle Pad Designs, though it may be unique or consist of or contain information that you consider personal. I use Non-Personally Identifiable Information to troubleshoot, administer the Company Service, analyze trends, gather demographic information, comply with applicable law, and cooperate with law enforcement activities. I may also share this information with my authorized Third-Party Service Providers to measure the overall effectiveness of my products and services.3. Public Content. The information that you contribute through www.doodlepaddesigns.com is intended for public consumption, including your reviews, tips, photos, videos, check-ins, comments, likes, bookmarks, friends, lists, compliments, and account profile. I may display this information through Doodle Pad Designs, share it with businesses, and further distribute it to a wider audience through third party sites and services.4. Communications. When you sign up for an account or use certain features, you are opting to receive messages and/or phone calls from Doodle Pad Designs.  You cannot opt-out of Administrative Emails. “Administrative Emails” relate to your activity on the website and include but are not limited to emails regarding your account, requests or inquiries, and purchases of products and services, if applicable.  If you do not want to receive promotional emails from me, you may elect to opt-out of receiving promotional emails at any time after registering by e-mailing me at the email listed at the end of this Privacy Policy or by hitting the “unsubscribe” button at the bottom of any of my e-mails. I may track your actions in response to the messages you receive from Doodle Pad Designs or through www.doodlepaddesigns.com, such as whether you deleted, opened, or forwarded such messages. If you exchange messages with others through Doodle Pad Designs, I may store them to process and deliver them, allow you to manage them, and I may review and disclose them in connection with investigations related to the operation and use of Doodle Pad Designs. I may not deliver messages that I believe are objectionable, such as spam messages or requests to exchange reviews for compensation. If you send or receive messages through Doodle Pad Designs via SMS text message, I may log phone numbers, phone carriers, and the date and time that the messages were processed. Carriers may charge recipients for texts that they receive. I may also store information that you provide through communications to me, including from phone calls, letters, emails and other electronic messages, or in person. If you are a representative of a business listed on Doodle Pad Designs,  I may contact you, including by phone or email, using the contact information you provide me, make publicly available, or that I have on record for your business. 5. Release of Personally Identifiable Information.I will not sell or share your Personally Identifiable Information with other parties except as noted herein.5.1 Financial transactions relating to the Services are handled by my payment services providers. I will share transaction data with my payment services providers only to the extent necessary for the purposes of processing your payments, refunding such payments and dealing with complaints and queries relating to such payments and refunds. You can find information about the payment services providers’ privacy policies and practices at [www.paypal.com].5.2 In addition, I reserve the right to disclose your Personally Identifiable Information as required by law and when I believe that disclosure is necessary to protect myrights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on me, enforce or apply this Privacy Policy, Terms of Service or other agreements or protect the rights, property or safety of the Company Service, users of the Company Service or others. 6. Release of Non-Personally Identifiable Information. 6.1 I may disclose or share Non-Personally Identifiable Information with Third Party Service Providers and the public. For example, I may share aggregated demographic information (which does not include any Personally Identifiable Information) or use Third Party Service Providers to track and analyze Non-Personally Identifiable usage and volume statistical information from my users to administer Doodle Pad Designs. I may also publish this aggregated information for promotional purposes. Such data is collected on my behalf and is owned and used by me.est to you. 7. Updating Information. If you are enrolled on www.doodlepaddesigns.com, you may change any of your Personally Identifiable Information by logging into your account and accessing the “Member Profile Page” section of the Company Service. I encourage you to promptly update your Personally Identifiable Information if it changes, as out-of-date Personally Identifiable Information may negatively affect the quality of your Doodle Pad Designs experience. 8. Choices on Collection/Use of Information. You can always choose not to provide certain information, although a certain level of information is required to engage and participate in the Company Service. Other users may be able to identify you, or associate you with your account, if you include personal information in the content you post publicly. You can reduce the risk of being personally identified by using your account at Doodle Pad Designs pseudonymously, though doing so could detract from the credibility of your contributions to Doodle Pad Designs.Please also note that the messages you send or receive using www.doodlepaddesigns.com are only private to the extent that both you and the person you are communicating with keep them private. For example, if you send a message to another user, that user may choose to publicly post it. Also, Doodle Pad Designs may access and disclose such messages during investigations relating to use of the Company Service. 9. Security of Information. You can access your Personally Identifiable Information via www.doodlepaddesigns.com with your password and username. This password is encrypted. I advise against sharing your password with anyone.  If you access your account via a third-party site or service, you may have additional or different sign-in protections via that third-party site or service. You need to prevent unauthorized access to your account and Personal Information by selecting and protecting your password and/or other sign-in mechanism appropriately and limiting access to your computer, browser, or mobile device by signing off after you have finished accessing your account. Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors, may compromise the security of user information at any time. If I  believe that the security of your information may have been compromised, I may seek to notify you of that development. In addition, your Personally Identifiable Information resides on a secure server that only selected personnel and contractors have access to. I may encrypt certain sensitive information using Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology to ensure that your Personally Identifiable Information is safe as it is transmitted to me.  However, no data transmission can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while I employ commercially reasonable security measures to protect data and seek to partner with companies that do the same, I cannot guarantee the security of any information transmitted to or from or via www.doodlepaddesigns.com, and I are not responsible for the actions of any third parties that may receive any such information. 10. Your Rights.10.1 Your principal rights under data protection law are:a.the right to access;b.the right to erasure;c.the right to restrict processing;d.the right to object to processing;e.the right to data portability;f.the right to complain to a supervisory authority; andg.the right to withdraw consent.10.2 You have the right to confirmation as to whether or not I process your personal data and, where I do, access to the personal data, together with certain additional information. That additional information includes details of the purposes of the processing, the categories of personal data concerned and the recipients of the personal data. 10.3 You have the right to have any inaccurate personal data about you rectified and, taking into account the purposes of the processing, to have any incomplete personal data about you completed.10.4 In some circumstances you have the right to the erasure of your personal data without undue delay. Those circumstances include: the personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed; you withdraw consent to consent-based processing; you object to the processing under certain rules of applicable data protection law; the processing is for direct marketing purposes; and the personal data have been unlawfully processed.10.5 You have the right to object to my processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes (including profiling for direct marketing purposes). If you make such an objection, we will cease to process your personal data for this purpose.10.6 To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal data is:a.consent; orb.that the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are party or in order to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract,c.and such processing is carried out by automated means, you have the right to receive your personal data from us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. However, this right does not apply where it would adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.10.7 To the extent that the legal basis for my processing of your personal information is consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. Withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of processing before the withdrawal.11. Privacy Policies of Third Party Websites. This Privacy Policy only addresses the use and disclosure of information I collect from you via www.doodlepaddesigns.com. Other websites or services that may be accessible through the website  may have their own privacy policies and data collection, use and disclosure practices. If you use, link or visit any such website, I urge you review the website’s privacy policy. I am not responsible for the policies or practices of third parties. 12. Privacy Settings. As a user, you may have limited access to privacy settings.  These settings help hide information you wish to share with other users and/or the public.  It is up to you to select the appropriate privacy settings.  If you don’t agree with the available privacy settings, please stop using www.doodlepaddesigns.com.13. Data Retention and Account Termination. I will remove your public posts from view and/or dissociate them from your account profile, but I may retain information about you for the purposes authorized under this Privacy Policy unless prohibited by law. For example, I may retain information to prevent, investigate, or identify possible wrongdoing in connection with www.doodlepaddesigns.com or to comply with legal obligations. Please note that businesses cannot remove their business listings, ratings, or reviews by closing their accounts.14. Public Areas. I may provide areas on the Company Service where you can publicly post information about yourself or can communicate with others such as on forums. This information may be accessible by other users and companies and may appear on other websites or web searches, and therefore this information could be read, collected, and used by others. I have no control over who reads your postings or what other users may do with the information you voluntarily post, so please use caution when posting any content or providing anything that could be deemed personal information.15. Children.  Doodle Pad Designs is not directed to people under the age of eighteen (18). If you become aware that your child has provided me with personal information without your consent, please contact me at the email address listed below. If I become aware that a child under eighteen (18) has provided me with personal information, I will take steps to remove such information and terminate the child’s account.16. Customer Service. For assistance or questions regarding this Privacy Policy or the Company Service, you may contact me at the address below.Doodle Pad Designs4614 Amber DrMcDonough, GA 30252Admin@doodlepaddesigns.comMaryAnna VaughanOwner/Operator of Doodle Pad Designs
Search
Search for:
ShopBack to School Collection
Botanical Collection
Car Coasters
Christmas Ornaments - Hand Painted
Christmas Ornaments - Photo/Other
Door Signs
Graduation Gifts
Luggage Tags
Mother's Day Collection
New
New Home / Realtor Gifts
Pet Items
Sale Ornaments
Teacher Gifts
The Love Collection
The Tennis Collection
Created by
Ultimate Architect. Copyright © 2020 Doodle Pad Designs.
WAITBEFORE YOU GO!Don't miss your opportunity to sign up for my newsletter get 20% off your next order.FIRST NAME:YOUR EMAIL:_____________________
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thanks