http://doumatojewelers.com/privacy-policy
401-949-4220CALL
SCHEDULE APPOINTMENT
LOCATION
FINANCING
Login / Register
Wishlist
0 Items
Facebook
Twitter
[breadcrumb]
PRIVACY POLICY
EMAIL PRIVACY POLICY
We have created this email privacy policy to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy and the protection of your information.
WHY DID YOU RECEIVE AN EMAIL FROM US?
If you received a mailing from us, (a) your email address is either listed with us as someone who has expressly shared this address for the purpose of receiving information in the future (“opt-in”), or (b) you have registered or purchased or otherwise have an existing relationship with us. We respect your time and attention by controlling the frequency of our mailings.
HOW WE PROTECT YOUR PRIVACY
We use security measures to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of data used by our system.
SHARING AND USAGE
We will never share, sell, or rent individual personal information with anyone without your advance permission or unless ordered by a court of law. Information submitted to us is only available to employees managing this information for purposes of contacting you or sending you emails based on your request for information and to contracted service providers for purposes of providing services relating to our communications with you.
HOW CAN YOU STOP RECEIVING EMAIL FROM US?
Each email sent contains an easy, automated way for you to cease receiving email from us, or to change your expressed interests. If you wish to do this, simply follow the instructions at the end of any email.
If you have received unwanted, unsolicited email sent via this system or purporting to be sent via this system, please forward a copy of that email with your comments to abuse@doumatojewelers.com for review.
PRIVACY POLICY CHANGES
This policy was updated on July 5, 2014
In connection with your transaction, we may obtain information about you as described in this notice, which we handle as stated in this notice.
1. We collect nonpublic personal information about you from the following sources:
Information that we receive from you on applications or other forms Information about your transaction with us, our affiliates or others;
2. We may disclose all of the information we collect, as described above, to companies that perform marketing services on our behalf or to other institutions with whom we have joint marketing agreements. We may not make such disclosures about you as a consumer, customer, or former customer.
3. We restrict access to nonpublic personal information about you to those employees who need to know that information to provide products or services to you. We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to guard your nonpublic personal information.
4. We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.
WHAT WE COLLECT
We may collect the following information:
name
contact information including email address
demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
WHAT WE DO WITH THE INFORMATION WE GATHER
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customize the website according to your interests.
SECURITY
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
HOW WE USE COOKIES
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
CONTROLLING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at miriamd@doumatojewelers.com
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to .
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.