http://drclarkstore.com/privacy-policy-drclarkstore.html
Home
Customer ServiceDisclaimer
Disclaimer
Disclaimer | Privacy | Security
If you feel that we are not abiding by this policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 1-866-DR-CLARK or 1-866-372-5275 or via email at Service@DrClarkStore.com.
DISCLAIMER STATEMENTAlthough some of us or our customers may be interested in the research and statements of Dr. Hulda Clark and Dr. Bernard Jensen, this company, its web site and owner do not adopt any health or disease related claims based on their work or otherwise. Our products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease. Although our products are in conformity with the protocols of Dr. Hulda Clark and Dr. Bernard Jensen, we are neither owned nor operated by Dr. Hulda Clark or Dr. Bernard Jensen or their families.
Please understand that www.DrClarkStore.com cannot answer any medical questions. We ask you to please DO NOT ask us any medical questions. We will be held harmless in your personal usage of any information disseminated by any representative from this website.
It is our policy to not discuss any health related issues to any of our customers. We try to be as careful as possible not to claim any health benefits, however misunderstanding can always occur. Therefore we disclaim all health benefits whatsoever regardless of what is being said elsewhere than in this disclaimer. We disclaim all such speech and text (emails, email newsletters, letters, etc.).
The content in this web site is intended only for residents of the United States and other jurisdictions where such offers are permitted and all references to products or services apply in the United States and such other jurisdictions only, no offer being made elsewhere. It is not the intent of this site to make any offer in any jurisdiction where such offers are not permitted under international law.
Access to and use of this site are subject to the following terms and conditions and all applicable laws. You may browse this site for personal entertainment and information. Feel free to distribute and linking to this website. However do not modify or revise the contents of this site without our written permission. The contents of this site include copyrighted materials.
The Company makes no warranties or representations about the accuracy or completeness of this site content or of the content of any site or sites linked to this site by email or on the website itself. Neither the Company nor any of its affiliates shall be liable for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect or punitive damages arising out of access to or use of any content of this site or the content of any site or sites linked to this site.
All names, logos and marks appearing in this site, except as otherwise noted, are trademarks owned or used under license by the Company or its affiliates in the geographies where they market products bearing such trademarks. The use or misuse of these trademarks or any other content on this site, except as provided in these terms and conditions or in the site content, is strictly prohibited.
Testimonials referred to in this web site, if any, were volunteered by the makers without an offer of compensation. The results referred to in the testimonials may not be typical.
Where this site refers to, quotes, or links to third party information, the Company does not endorse or adopt such third party statements but provides access to them for informational purposes only.
The Company does not offer products or services for the purpose of diagnosis, prescription for, treatment of, or claims to prevent, mitigate or cure any disease or condition. The statements made on this web site have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration.
Biofeedback testing, frequency devices and related accessories are not medical devices and cannot be advocated for use for any medical purposes. They are for experimental and research purposes only. Although these devices may be mentioned in Dr. Hulda Clark’s books the Company does not adopt any of her claims. These devices are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease or condition.
Dr. Clark Store and Bernard Jensen Products share NSF registration with Nutritional Supplement Manufacturers, Inc., our sister company www.PureNSM.com.
Should any products not be paid, for whatever reason, the Company reserves the right to add to future orders the balance of outstanding debts.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this policy, you should contact us immediately by telephone at 1-866-DR-CLARK or 1-866-372-5275 or by email at Service@DrClarkStore.com.
- Friday | 8 AM - 3 PM
Newsletter
Connect With Us
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Further Info
About Us
FAQs
Contact Us
100% GUARANTEE
Everyday Discounts
Shipping Policy
Return Policy
Insurance Policy
Resources & Guides
Sitemap
Security
Disclaimer Statement
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Reset Password Link
Dr Clark Rewards
Disclaimer and Terms of Service
|
All prices are in USD.
© 2020 Dr. Clark Store
Loading... Please wait...
×
×