http://drclarkstore.com/terms-of-service/
Home
Terms of Service
Terms of Service
Access to and use of this website are subject to the following terms and conditions and all applicable laws. You may browse this website for personal entertainment and information. Feel free to distribute and link to this website. However do not modify or revise the contents of this website without our written permission. The contents of this website include copyrighted materials.
The Company makes no warranties or representations about the accuracy or completeness of this site content or of the content of any site or sites linked to this site by email or on the website itself. Neither the Company nor any of its affiliates shall be liable for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect or punitive damages arising out of access to or use of any content of this site or the content of any site or sites linked to this site.All names, logos and marks appearing in this site, except as otherwise noted, are trademarks owned or used under license by the Company or its affiliates in the geographies where they market products bearing such trademarks. The use or misuse of these trademarks or any other content on this site, except as provided in these terms and conditions or in the site content, is strictly prohibited.Testimonials referred to in this web site, if any, were volunteered by the makers without an offer of compensation. The results referred to in the testimonials may not be typical.Where this site refers to, quotes, or links to third party information, the Company does not endorse or adopt such third party statements but provides access to them for informational purposes only.The Company does not offer products or services for the purpose of diagnosis, prescription for, treatment of, or claims to prevent, mitigate or cure any disease condition. The statements made on this web site have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration.Should any products not be paid, for whatever reason, the company reserves the right to add to future orders the balance of outstanding debts.If you feel that we are not abiding by this policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 1-866-DR-CLARK or 1-866-372-5275 or via email at Service@DrClarkStore.com
Ultimate Cleanse Kit Giveaway - OFFICIAL RULES
The following promotion is intended for the 50 United States and D.C. only and will be construed and evaluated according to United States laws. Do not proceed with this promotion  if you are not a legal resident of the 50 United States or D.C., 21 years or older.
Everyone Wins Giveaway
OFFICIAL RULES – NO PURCHASE NECESSARY TO ENTER OR WIN. ENTER ANYTIME.
MAKING A PURCHASE OR PAYMENT OF ANY KIND WILL NOT INCREASE YOUR CHANCES OF WINNING. .
OPEN TO LEGAL RESIDENTS OF THE 50 UNITED STATES AND D.C., 18 YEARS OF AGE OR OLDER.
VOID WHERE PROHIBITED OR RESTRICTED BY LAW.1.  PROMOTION DESCRIPTION: The Ultimate Cleanse Kit Giveaway (\"Giveaway\") is open for entry anytime and winners are selected based on the Winner Selection Dates (the \"Winner Selection Dates\").
Selection Dates - Monthly on the first day of the month.
The sponsor of this Giveaway is Self Health Resource Center ("Sponsor"). By participating in the Giveaway, each Entrant unconditionally accepts and agrees to comply with and abide by these Official Rules and the decisions of Sponsor, which shall be final and binding in all respects. Sponsor is responsible for the collection, submission or processing of Entries and the overall administration of the Giveaway. Entrants should look solely to Sponsor with any questions, comments or problems related to the Giveaway. Sponsor may be reached by email at service@drclarkstore.com.2.  ELIGIBILITY: Open to legal residents of the United States who are at least 18 years of age (the \"Entrant\"). Sponsor, and their respective parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, distributors, retailers, sales representatives, advertising and promotion agencies and each of their respective officers, directors and employees (the \"Promotion Entities\"), are ineligible to enter the Giveaway or win a prize. Household Members and Immediate Family Members of such individuals are also not eligible to enter or win. "Household Members" shall mean those people who share the same residence at least three months a year. "Immediate Family Members" shall mean parents, step-parents, legal guardians, children, step-children, siblings, step-siblings, or spouses. This Giveaway is subject to all applicable federal, state and local laws and regulations and is void where prohibited or restricted by law.
The Giveaway is open for new customers only. Entrants are auto-entered into the next round of the Giveaway if one is available. Limit One Entry Per Person.
3. PRIZES:
Grand Prize - (1) Four in One Cleanse Kit including Intestinal, Kidney, Liver, & Digestive with an approximate retail value of $176.27 Only one prize per person and per household will be awarded. Prizes cannot be transferred, redeemed for cash or substituted by the winner. Sponsor reserves the right in its sole and absolute discretion to award a substitute prize of equal or greater value if the prize described in these Official Rules is unavailable or cannot be awarded, in whole or in part, for any reason. The ARV of the prize represents Sponsor's good faith determination. That determination is final and binding and cannot be appealed. If the actual value of the prize turns out to be less than the stated ARV, the difference will not be awarded in cash. Sponsor makes no representation or warranty concerning the appearance, safety or performance of any prize awarded. Restrictions, conditions, and limitations may apply. Sponsor will not replace any lost or stolen prize items.
This Giveaway is open to legal residents of the United States and Prize will only be awarded and/or delivered to addresses within said locations. All federal, state and/or local taxes, fees, and surcharges are the sole responsibility of the prize winner. Failure to comply with the Official Rules will result in forfeiture of the prize.  4. HOW TO ENTER: Enter the Giveaway during the Promotion Period online by visiting the entry form, which can be found on the following URL - https://www.facebook.com/DrClarkStoreIncAutomated or robotic Entries submitted by individuals or organizations will be disqualified. Internet entry must be made by the Entrant. Any attempt by an Entrant to obtain more than the stated number of Entries by using multiple/different email addresses, identities, registrations, logins or any other methods, including, but not limited to, commercial contest/Giveaway subscription notification and/or entering services, will void Entrant's Entries and that Entrant may be disqualified. Final eligibility for the award of any prize is subject to eligibility verification as set forth below. All Entries must be posted by the end of the Promotion Period in order to participate. Sponsor's database clock will be the official timekeeper for this Giveaway.    5. WINNER SELECTION: The Winner(s) of the Giveaway will be selected in a random drawing (https://www.miniwebtool.com/random-name-picker/) from among all eligible Entries received before the Winner Selection Date. The random drawing will be conducted about within 30 days after the Winner Selection Date by Sponsor or its designated representatives, whose decisions are final. Odds of winning will vary depending on the number of eligible Entries received. 6. WINNER NOTIFICATION: Winner will be notified by email at the email address provided in the Entry Information approximately within 7 days after the random drawing. Potential Winner must accept a prize by email as directed by Sponsor within 30 days of notification. Sponsor is not responsible for any delay or failure to receive notification for any reason, including inactive email account(s), technical difficulties associated therewith, or Winner’s failure to adequately monitor any email account. Any winner notification not responded to or returned as undeliverable may result in prize forfeiture. The potential prize winner may be required to sign and return an affidavit of eligibility and release of liability, and a Publicity Release (collectively \"the Prize Claim Documents\"). No substitution or transfer of a prize is permitted except by Sponsor.7. PRIVACY: Any personal information supplied by you will be subject to the privacy policy of the Sponsor posted at https://drclarkstore.com/privacy-policy/. By entering the Giveaway, you grant Sponsor permission to share your email address and any other personally identifiable information with the other Giveaway Entities for the purpose of administration and prize fulfillment, including use in a publicly available Winners list.
By participating in the Promotion, you hereby agree to Sponsor’s collection and usage of your personal information and acknowledge that you have read and accepted Sponsor’s privacy policy.  You may be asked for consent to receive promotional emails and reminders for upcoming promotions and information about Sponsor. Consenting to receive such emails is optional and does not have to be agreed to in order to be eligible to enter the Promotion and does not improve your chances of winning. Except where prohibited, participation in the Promotion constitutes your consent to Sponsor's use of your name, likeness, entry, and state of residence for promotional purposes in any media without further payment or consideration.8. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY:
Self Health Resource Center, their respective affiliates, subsidiaries, parent companies, advertising and promotion agencies, and their respective officers, directors, shareholders, employees and agents, and any and all Internet servers and access provider(s) are not responsible for: any incorrect or inaccurate entry information; human error; technical malfunctions; failures, omissions, interruption, deletion, or defect of any telephone network, computer online systems, computer equipment, server providers, or software, including any injury or damage to your or any other computer relating to or resulting from participation in this Promotion; inability to access the Website; theft, tampering, destruction, or unauthorized access to, or alteration of entries; transactions that are processed late or incorrectly or are incomplete or lost due to computer or electronic malfunction or traffic congestion on the Internet or at any web site; printing or human or other errors; and any entries which are late, lost, incomplete, misdirected, stolen, or any combination thereof. Online submission is not considered proof of delivery or receipt. All entries become the property of Sponsor and will not be returned. By entering, you agree to release, discharge, indemnify and hold harmless the Promotion Entities and their respective parent companies, subsidiaries, their respective representatives and agents, advertising and promotion agencies, promotion partners and prize suppliers, and all of their respective affiliated companies, employees, officers, directors and shareholders, from and against all claims and damages or liability arising in connection with your participation and/or entry in the Promotion and/or your receipt or use of any prize awarded in this Promotion or due to any injuries, damages or losses to any person (including death) or property of any kind resulting in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, from the acceptance, possession, misuse or use of any prize or participation in any Promotion-related activity or participation in this Promotion. Except where prohibited by law, the winner's entry and acceptance of the prize constitutes permission for the Promotion Entities to use said winner's names, photographs, likenesses, statements, biographical information, voices, and city and state addresses on a worldwide basis, and in all forms of media, in perpetuity, without further compensation.  If by reason of a printing or other error, more prizes are claimed than the number set forth in these rules, all persons making purportedly valid claims will be included in a random drawing to award the prize in question. No more than the advertised number of prizes will be awarded. You further understand and agree that all rights under Section 1542 of the Civil Code of California (“Section 1542”) and any similar law of any state or territory of the United States that may be applicable with respect to the foregoing release are hereby expressly and forever waived.  You acknowledge that Section 1542 provides that: “A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS WHICH THE CREDITOR DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE, WHICH, IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER MUST HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR.”  The releases hereunder are intended to apply to all claims not known or suspected to exist with the intent of waiving the effect of laws requiring the intent to release future unknown claims.  If, for any reason, the Giveaway is not capable of running as planned for reasons which may include without limitation, infection by computer virus, tampering, unauthorized intervention, fraud, technical failures, or any other causes which may corrupt or affect the administration, security, fairness, integrity or proper conduct of this Giveaway, the Sponsor reserves the right at its sole discretion to cancel, terminate, modify or suspend the Giveaway in whole or in part. In such an event, Sponsor shall immediately suspend all drawings and prize awards, and Sponsor reserves the right to award any remaining prizes (up to the total ARV as set forth in these Official Rules) in a manner deemed fair and equitable by Sponsor. Sponsor and the Released Parties shall not have any further liability to any participant in connection with the Giveaway.
9. SOCIAL NETWORK DISCLAIMER
A Facebook account may be required to enter. If you don’t already have a Facebook account, visit www.facebook.com to create one. It is free to create an account. This promotion is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with Facebook. You understand that you are providing your information to the Sponsor and not to Facebook. By participating via the Facebook platform, participants are also subject to Facebook’s data policy and terms of use, which can be found at https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy andhttps://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/update.10. WINNER LIST/OFFICIAL RULES: To obtain a copy of the Winner List or a copy of these Official Rules, send your request via email to service@drclarkstore.com. Requests for the names of the winners must be received no later than 30 days after the Promotion Period has ended. For accessing a Winner List online, visit https://www.facebook.com/DrClarkStoreInc. The winner list will be posted after winner confirmation is complete.11. SPONSOR: Self Health Resource Center - 1055 Bay Blvd., Ste A, Chula Vista, CA 91911
- Friday | 8 AM - 3 PM
Newsletter
Connect With Us
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Further Info
About Us
FAQs
Contact Us
100% GUARANTEE
Everyday Discounts
Shipping Policy
Return Policy
Insurance Policy
Resources & Guides
Sitemap
Security
Disclaimer Statement
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Reset Password Link
Dr Clark Rewards
Disclaimer and Terms of Service
|
All prices are in USD.
© 2020 Dr. Clark Store
Loading... Please wait...
×
×