http://dresdenstollen.com/other/privacy_policy.asp
Home
About Stollen Bread
Ingredients & Process
Sizes & Prices
Caring for Stollen
COVID-19 Update
Our History
History Overview
Stollen History
Family History
Business History
Testimonials
Order Now
Sizes & Prices
Corporate Gifts
Our Guarantee
Order Now
Corporate Gifts
FAQs
Contact
Home
About Stollen Bread
- Ingredients & Process
- Sizes & Prices
- Caring for Stollen
- COVID-19 Update
Our History
- History Overview
- Stollen History
- Family History
- Business History
- Testimonials
Order Now
- Sizes & Prices
- Corporate Gifts
- Our Guarantee
- Order Now
Corporate Gifts
FAQs
Contact
Sign In
{   Sign In   }
Privacy Policy
At Dresden Stollen Bakers LLC, we are committed to protecting the privacy of our clients.
We will never sell or rent names, email addresses, or any other personally identifiable information to any third party.
When you sign-up to become a member of Dresden Stollen Bakers or purchase stollen from us, we will ask you for personal information including your name, email address, street address, shipping information, and credit card details.
This information is required to complete your order as well as verify the validity of the supplied credit card information.
All information we collect is stored in a secure database.
In order to validate the provided credit card details for a given order, a limited amount of personal information is shared with our third party payment gateway, Authorize.net.
For more information, please see Authorize.net's privacy policy.
By using our web site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by Dresden Stollen Bakers LLC.
Any changes to this policy will be posted here so you are always aware of what information we collect, how it is used, and under what circumstances, if any, we share it.
This privacy policy was last updated on Sept 26, 2013.
We are sold out for the 2020 holiday season -- request a reminder for 2021 today
Who are the Maron Family Bakers?
Learn more about us
We GUARANTEE you'll love our delicious stollen
More Details
"I have been ordering this wonderful Dresden Stollen for 20 years... it is the best. Everyone loves this gift!"
~ Jill, California
"It was better than any we recall during the four years we lived in Germany."
~ Ron & Margaret, Louisiana
"We were so very pleased with the stollen...it surpassed all other stollen we've ever tasted!"
~ Jennifer, Michigan
"I can't tell you how much a part of Christmas you have become for my family. Thanks and Regards."
~ Richard, New York
"Just wanted to thank you for an amazingly good stollen... Wonderful!"
~ Fred, Minnesota
"I just opened my first box of your stollen -- IT IS WONDERFUL!!!!"
~ Ingrid, North Carolina
"We love your Dresdener Stollen. Reminds of our home in Weisbaden. Thank you for keeping up the tradition!"
~ Melissa, Florida
"We have had rave reviews from all to whom we gave stollen -- and we think it only gets better each year!"
~ Nancy, Massachusetts
"What would Christmas be without Dresden Stollen. I am always looking forward to this wonderful tradition."
~ Walter, Vermont
"I love this bread so so much -- getting it only once a year is killing me! LOL"
~ John, California
"This stuff is to die for. I know my uncles will love it too. Thank you very much."
~ Merilyn, Texas
"My boss received this as a gift and it is delicious. Great job!!! I will definitely order my own..."
~ Juddith, North Carolina
"Your stollen is so fresh and delicious... Happy Holidays and Aloha From Hawaii!!"
~ T.S., Hawaii
"Going on 72 years of having stollen from the Maron family... Without stollen there is no Christmas!"
~ Beatrice, Vermont
"Your Stollen are the BEST!!"
~ Robert, Florida
"I tasted your stollen... It's the best I ever had... Do you have any more to ship out?"
~ James, New York
More compliments
© 2020 Dresden Stollen Bakers LLC.  All rights reserved.     Privacy Policy  |  Site Map  |  866.STOLLEN (866.786.5536)
© 2020 Dresden Stollen Bakers LLC.
All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy  |  Site Map
|
866.STOLLEN (866.786.5536)