https://drive-green.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
You are here:
Home
/
Privacy Policy
Drive Green Privacy Notice
At Drive Green, we are always committed to maintaining the trust of our customers and website visitors. We are here to help make the world a greener place through encouraging the uptake of electric cars and other green technologies. We will never use your data for anything else or sell, rent or trade your data with other businesses.
We want to ensure that you know exactly how we use your data so please have a read of our Privacy Notice below that will go through the ins and outs of everything in greater detail.
Drive Green operates as a trading name under Completely Green Ltd. This Privacy Notice explains how Completely Green Ltd uses and protects any information that you give to us when you use this website, or contact us via email or phone.
Completely Green Ltd is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website or contacting us, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Completely Green Ltd may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 08/05/2018
Newsletters and Stocklists
When you sign up for our newsletters and stock updates, we may ask you for some personal information. We do this for a few reasons: firstly, to make sure you receive the right information at the correct address, email, or number. Secondly, to ensure that all of our records are correct and match across our systems. We will never sell or trade this information with any other companies.
We use two different third-party providers for emailing out to our subscribers. These are MailChimp and Send In Blue. Both of these providers allow us to monitor certain statistics about our readers such as open rate, time to open, and certain usage information. You are able to unsubscribe from any of these communications whenever you would like using the unsubscribe buttons within the emails.
For more information please see MailChimp’s privacy notice or Send In Blue’s privacy notice.
Sales and Purchasing Data
When you purchase a car, product, or service from Drive Green in store, online, via phone or email we collect information about your purchase, along with some personal information for our records. This information is stored in our CRM system “Zoho CRM” and our accounting software “Zoho Books.” You may, at any time, request for us to show you any data we hold on these systems related to yourself or your purchases.
We use this data to ensure that you get the best aftersales service we can provide and to make sure we keep you updated with any future products, services, or events that may interest you.
You can ask to be removed from most of these platforms at any time. We are required to keep some basic information for accountancy purposes.
Data from other third parties
Sometimes, third party companies may provide us with your personal information for the purposes of lead generation and/or marketing. We receive information from Autotrader when you enquire through them on any of our vehicles and we may use this data to contact you regarding the vehicle and any other vehicles that we think are relevant in the future.
Other third parties may provide us with your personal data for the purposes of marketing and lead generation. We only receive information from reputable companies with their own opt in data collection options.
Who we may share information with
We may, on occasion share our customer’s information with a small selection of other companies. This only happens with the customer’s consent should they choose to purchase or consider any further products through ourselves that are fulfilled by third parties.
This normally includes contacting Rolec Services Ltd, Juuce Ltd (Eo Charging,) and/or myenergi Ltd if a customer is interested in installing an EV charger on their property. These companies may receive name, address, contact details, and car information for us for the purposes of installing a chargepoint and for no other use.
We may also share information between the different trading companies of Completely Green Ltd. This currently includes Drive Green and Completely Green.
Please click the company name above if you would like to view the company’s privacy policy.
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, email us or speak to us on the phone you have the right to ask that your information not be used for direct marketing purposes
if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at info@completely-green.co.uk
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
Access to your personal information
You are entitled to view, amend, or delete the personal information that we hold. Email your request to our data protection officer Andrew Farmer at andy@drive-green.co.uk
Changes to this privacy notice
We always hope to keep your data as secure as possible at Drive Green and to ensure that you know exactly what we do with your information. Because of this, we will review our Privacy Notice every 6 months.
This Privacy Notice was last reviewed on 08/05/2018
Drive GreenDrive Green ForecourtA37 Bristol RoadEmboroughBA3 4SLPhone: 01761 233558Email: info@drive-green.co.ukInformationAbout Us
Meet The Team
Contact
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions of Sale
Latest Blog Posts
4 Options for a More Eco-Friendly Christmas Tree
Honda e Review
8 Easy Zero Waste Swaps
Hyundai Kona EV Review
Kia Soul EV Review
Visit our sister company Completely Green for information on other renewable energy and green technologies
CookiesThis site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thank you