http://driveshowers.com/privacy
CALL NOW
0
Home
Products
History Behind Drive Coolers
Product Reviews
Physics of Cooling Systems
Installation Instructions
Materials List
Warranty
FAQ's
Simrek in Action
Testimonials
About
Contact
privacy
Privacy Policy Simrek Corporation takes seriously the privacy of those that visit our web site. We have established this Privacy Policy to communicate what information we collect and how that information is used and safeguarded.By accessing this website (www.driveshowers.com), you acknowledge the terms and conditions expressed herein. We reserve the right to change this policy at our sole discretion and without notice.WHAT INFORMATION IS COLLECTED, AND WHY?When a user visits our website, we collect information about the visit that does not identify the user personally. We track information such as the domain from which the user is visiting and the user's browser type. We also collect specific information regarding the user's session on our website. This includes items such as the date and time of the visit and the pages viewed.Sometimes we ask a user to voluntarily provide personally identifiable information (PII). This information generally includes, but is not limited to, name, e-mail address, postal address, and telephone number. We request this information when the user requests one of the following:To register to attend an on-line seminar or demonstrationTo receive specific information from us such as a whitepaper or code sampleTo sign up for a mailing listTo correspond with usOr any other such activity that we deem necessarySimrek Corporation does not collect any personally identifiable financial or health-related information. We do not intentionally collect information from children under the age of 13.HOW IS THE INFORMATION USED?Non-personally identifiable information (non-PII) is collected to allow us to analyze how our website is used and to improve the content and service the website provides.Personally identifiable information is collected for analysis to improve the content of the website and the services we provide the user.Simrek Corporation owns the collected information and will not sell, trade, or rent the information to others. We may use the information to continue contact with the user. This may include contact such as follow-up calls, e-mail correspondence, or mail correspondence to follow-up on the contact or to provide marketing information about promotions, new services, or important website changes. Simrek Corporation may share this information with its business partners for the specific purpose of a promotion or service offering.ARE "COOKIES" USED ON THE WEBSITE?"Cookies" are small pieces of information that are placed on a web user's hard drive. We may use cookies to provide you with better service. Cookies are pieces of information that a Web site transfers to your computer's hard disk for record-keeping purposes. Cookies can make the Web more useful by storing information about your preferences for a particular site. The use of cookies is an industry standard, and many major Web sites use them to provide useful features for their customers. Cookies in and of themselves do not personally identify users, although they do identify a user's computer. Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. If you prefer, you can set your browser to refuse cookies. However, you may not be able to take full advantage of the functionality of the Simrek Corporation site if you do so.HOW IS PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION SAFEGUARDED?Simrek Corporation utilizes industry standard methods and mechanisms such as firewalls, intrusion monitoring, and passwords to protect electronic information. Multiple physical security methods such as locking devices and 24 hour premise monitoring are also employed. Finally, access to PII is limited to a small number of personnel and on a need-to-know basis.LINKS TO OTHER WEB SITESSimrek Corporation web site may contain links to other internet web sites. Simrek Corporation neither controls nor endorses external sites and is not responsible for the content of such sites. This policy does not cover the privacy policies and data collection practices of non-Simrek Corporation web sites.New Paragraph Updates or amendments to this Privacy Policy We reserve the right to periodically amend or revise the Privacy Policy; material changes will be effective immediately upon the display of the revised Privacy policy. The last revision will be reflected in the "Last modified" section. Your continued use of the Platform, following the notification of such amendments on our website, constitutes your acknowledgment and consent of such amendments to the Privacy Policy and your agreement to be bound by the terms of such amendments. How to contact us If you have any general questions about the Site or the information we collect about you and how we use it, you can contact us at:Contact Simrek Corporation764 Eagle Point DriveKernersville, NC 27284352-729-3093
About UsSimrek® Corporation specializes in external stern drive cooling systems for your high performance or pleasure boating needs. Composed of high-grade
stainless steel, the Simrek® Multiport Drive Shower® can add years of life to your Alpha and Bravo drives
Site LinksHomeProductsProduct ReviewsSimrek In ActionTestimonialsFAQ'sAboutContact Us
Contact UsContact Simrek Corporation:Daily 8:00am - 8:00pm EST764 Eagle Point DriveKernersville, NC 27284Phone: 352-729-3093Email:
simreknc@driveshowers.com
The: “No Drill Brackets” and the “Max Pick-up Port System” are both protected by US. The words: “Simrek”, “Multiport Drive Shower” and “Halo” are all Registered Trademarks of Simrek Corp. and may not be used anywhere in print without written permission from Simrek Corp.
© 1999 - 2020 Simrek Corporation, All right reserved. Privacy Policy
{ Site Creation by Motorhead Digital }
Share by: