http://drumalong.com/terms-of-use/
Terms of use
TERMS OF USAGE AGREEMENT:
This is the user agreement (the Agreement or User Agreement). This Agreement describes the terms and conditions applicable to your use of our products and services. If you do not agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement, you are not permitted to access our website, resources, or services.
You must read, agree with and accept all of the terms and conditions contained in this User Agreement and the Privacy Policy, which include those terms and conditions expressly set out below and those incorporated by reference, before you may access our site.
Copyrighted Materials
This web site, and materials contained within, are subject to the protection of USA and International copyright laws. Users may not reproduce any of these materials without the prior written permission of us.
Licensing Restrictions
Users agree to abide by any and all licensing rules or restrictions that have been created by the owners of the works contained within the website.
Liability:
In no event shall we be liable for any punitive, special, direct, indirect, incidental, or consequential damages, whether arising under contract, warranty, or tort (including negligence or strict liability) or any other theory of liability. Applicable law may not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you. Our liability for damages, regardless of the form of the action, shall not exceed the fee paid for the service. We cannot be held responsible for factors beyond our control that may interfere with our ability to provide access to our website. Such factors include, but are not limited to server downtime, password/verification problems, or network outages beyond our servers. We do not warrant that the functions contained in the materials, resources or services offered will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that this site are free of viruses or other harmful elements. In no event will we be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, punitive, special, incidental or other consequential damages arising directly or indirectly from any use of the products or resources contained within the website. All products and resources are provided as is and without warranties.
These include (but are not limited to) damages or injury caused by any:
* use of (or inability to use) the site
* use of (or inability to use) any site to which you hyperlink from our site
* failure of our site to perform in the manner you expected or desired
* error on our site
* omission on our site
* interruption of availability of our site
* defect on our site
* delay in operation or transmission of our site
* computer virus or line failure
Please note that we are not liable for any damages, including:
Damages intended to compensate someone directly for a loss or injury damages reasonably expected to result from a loss or injury (known in legal terms as consequential damages.)
Other miscellaneous damages and expenses resulting directly from a loss or injury (known in legal terms as incidental damages.) We are not liable even if we’ve been negligent or if our authorized representative has been advised of the possibility of such damages or both.
Exception: Certain state laws may not allow us to limit or exclude liability for these incidental or consequential damages. if you live in one of those states, the above limitation obviously would not apply which would mean that you might have the right to recover these types of damages.
However, in any event, our liability to you for all losses, damages, injuries, and claims of any and every kind (whether the damages are claimed under the terms of a contract, or claimed to be caused by negligence or other wrongful conduct, or they’re claimed under any other legal theory) will not be greater than the amount you paid if anything to access our site.
Submitting Your Online Material to Us:
All remarks, suggestions, ideas, graphics, comments, or other information that you send to us through our site (other than information we promise to protect under our privacy policy becomes and remains our property, even if this agreement is later terminated. That means that we don’t have to treat any such submission as confidential. You cant sue us for using ideas you submit. If we use them, or anything like them, we don’t have to pay you or anyone else for them. We will have the exclusive ownership of all present and future rights to submissions of any kind. We can use them for any purpose we deem appropriate to our mission, without compensating you or anyone else for them. You acknowledge that you are responsible for any submission you make. This means that you have full responsibility for the message, including its legality, reliability, appropriateness, originality, and copyright.
EXTERNAL LINKS POLICY:
Our website contains hypertext links to websites and other information created and maintained by other individuals and organizations. These links are only provided for your convenience. We do not control or guarantee the accuracy, completeness, relevance, or timeliness of any information or privacy policies posted on these linked websites. You should know that these websites may track visitor viewing habits.
In addition, hyperlinks to particular items do not reflect their importance, and are not an endorsement of the individuals or organizations sponsoring the websites, the views expressed on the websites, or the products or services offered on the websites.
We permit links to our website if they do not imply an endorsement by, or affiliation with, our website.
We review our website periodically for broken or out-of-date links. Any and all links may be posted, altered, or removed at any time. To report problems with links on our website, or for more information about this policy, please send us an e-mail via our CONTACT US.
Copyright Notice:
The content displayed on our Website, including but not limited to the Websites look and feel, text, graphics, images, sound or video materials, designs, the URL and software (Content), is either the property of, or used with permission by, us, and is also protected by United States and international copyright and trademark laws. All rights including but not limited to copyright, title and interest in the Content belong to us or its respective owners.
You may not modify, adapt, reverse engineer, or in any way exploit any of the Content in whole or in part, except as expressly stated otherwise in the Terms of Use. Any unauthorized use of the Content may result in the violation of copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes, and may subject you to criminal penalties.
We reserve the right to amend this agreement at any time.