https://dumonds.com/privacy-policy/
Subject matter of this privacy policyThis Privacy Policy applies to all services offered on Dumond’s Custom Furniture, Inc’s websites, in particular the Dumond’s Custom Furniture portal at www.Dumonds.com.Unless stated otherwise, this Privacy Policy is exclusively in place to regulate how Dumond’s Custom Furniture treats your personal information. If you make use of services provided by third parties, only the Privacy Policy conditions of these third parties shall apply.Responsible ContactThe responsible contact according to the Federal Data Protection Act is:Dumond’s Custom Furniture, Inc.2954 Sapphire Ranch TrailCorvallis, MT 59828If you have any questions concerning privacy policy matters, please contact:Bryan@wheelbound.netBy contacting this email address, you can inquire into privacy issues and review, change, or delete your personal information stored by Dumond’s Custom Furniture. Alternatively, you can also contact us using the above postal address.Collection of informationDumond’s Custom Furniture collects information for marketing purposes.We require personal information if you would like to register on our websites, participate in sweepstakes, or subscribe to our newsletter. This information includes, for example, your name, address, email address, and other personal information that Dumond’s Custom Furniture may inquire into in individual cases.In addition, certain pieces of information such as IP address, browser version, and access times are automatically sent to us by your computer or mobile device and stored on our server. Information regarding the type of mobile device and operating system being used is also collected at this time. We only use this information to conduct statistical and performance analyses or to prosecute unauthorized use of our website. The information remains anonymous whenever possible. We reserve the right to carry out personalized campaigns using the personal information that you have permitted social networks to share with third parties. In this regard, we shall refer to the privacy policies of the social networks in question.We gather, process, and use personal information only with your consent, unless already permitted by legal statutes. If consent is given electronically within the context of our online offerings, we shall fulfill our legal obligation to give you proper notification of this.We do not knowingly collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age.CookiesWe use cookies on our website. These are small text files stored on your computer. We use both permanent cookies and session cookies so that we can offer you the best service possible. The data saved in the cookies make the use of our services as comfortable as possible for you, not only for your current use of the respective service but also beyond it.If you don’t want to allow permanent cookies, you can select the option to deactivate permanent cookies in your browser.The data stored in session cookies are only valid for the current visit to our online offers and serve to provide you with an unrestricted use of our services and to make the use of our offers and services as comfortable as possible for your current visit. If you deactivate session cookies, we cannot guarantee that you will be able to use all of our services without limitations.Cookies of third party providers and trackingWe use the services of other companies to optimize our websites and our services. You will receive an overview of the services we use in the following section.Google AnalyticsThis website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses cookies, text files stored on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. We may use Google Analytics with the add-on “_anonymizeIP()” in future dates so that the IP addresses later transmitted to Google are shortened and modified in advance on the European servers to prevent any direct references to particular persons. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators, and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage to the website operator. Your IP address, which has been transmitted by Google Analytics, will not be associated with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. However, please note that if you do this, you may not be able to use all functions of this website. Furthermore, you can prohibit Google from collecting and analyzing the cookie generated data about your use of the website (including your IP address) by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available here: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.Google RemarketingOur websites use Google’s remarketing technology. This technology enables users who have already visited our online services and shown interest in our services to see targeted advertising on the websites of the Google partner network. Likewise users that are similar to the visitors of our websites can be addressed. The advertising will be displayed using cookies. These are small text files saved on the user’s computer. The information generated by the cookie about the website use will be transmitted to and stored on servers in the United States by Google. In the event that the IP address is transferred, it will be reduced by the last 3 digits. Using cookies, the user behavior on a website can be analyzed and subsequently utilized to provide targeted product recommendations and advertising based on the user’s interests.If you would prefer to not receive any targeted advertising, you can deactivate the use of cookies for these purposes through Google by visiting the website: https://www.google.com/settings/ads/. Alternatively, users can deactivate the use of cookies by third party providers by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative’s deactivation website (http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/).Please note that Google has its own data protection policy which is independent of our own. We assume no responsibility or liability for their policies and procedures. Please read Google’s privacy policy before using our websites (https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/).Facebook Conversion Tracking PixelWith your permission, our website utilizes the Conversion Tracking Pixel service of Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave., Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA (“Facebook”). This tool allows us to follow the actions of users after they are redirected to a provider’s website by clicking on a Facebook advertisement. We are thus able to record the efficacy of Facebook advertisements for statistical and market research purposes. The collected data remain anonymous. This means that we cannot see the personal data of any individual user. However, the collected data are saved and processed by Facebook. We are informing you on this matter according to our information at this time. Facebook is able to connect the data with your Facebook account and use the data for their own advertising purposes, in accordance with Facebook’s Data Use Policy found under: https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/. Facebook Conversion Tracking also allows Facebook and its partners to show you advertisements on and outside Facebook. In addition, a cookie will be saved onto your computer for these purposes.Only users over 13 years of age may give their permission. If you are younger than this age, please consult your legal guardians.Please click here if you would like to revoke your permission:https://www.facebook.com/ads/website_custom_audiences/.Facebook loginWe may also offer you an easier way to register for our services. You will be able to use your existing Facebook account for this purpose. By clicking the Login with Facebook link, you can use this registration method via our online portal. To do this, you need to already have a Facebook account or have access to Facebook.If you would like to register for one of our services via your Facebook account, the first step of the registration process will immediately redirect you to Facebook. Facebook will then ask you to log in or register. At no time will we have access to your personal login information (username and password).In a second step, you will connect your Facebook profile with the service that you would like to register for. At this point, you will learn what data from your Facebook profile will be transmitted to us. This information is usually your “public information” on Facebook and information that you have made available to the public or authorized for the application in question. Information of this type generally includes your name, profile picture and cover photo, your networks, your username (Facebook URL), and your user ID number (Facebook ID). We will also use the email address you have saved with Facebook in order to contact you outside of Facebook. You can see an overview of the public information in your profile via the General Account Settings menu of your Facebook profile (https://www.facebook.com/settings?tab=applications).If you would like to remove our service’s connection to Facebook via Facebook Connect, please log in to Facebook and make the required changes to your profile. We will then no longer have the right to use information from your Facebook profile for you.Twitter Conversion TrackingWe use the Conversion Tracking service of Twitter Inc., 795 Folsom St., Suite 600, San Francisco, CA 94107, USA (“Twitter”). This tracking records if a user of our website clicks on a link posted by Twitter. In this way, both we and Twitter can see if a registration has taken place. The identity of the user remains anonymous. In addition, we use Twitter’s Tailored Audiences service. This enables us to appeal to our website’s users with targeted advertisements. To do this, Twitter uses a code snippet (tag) which we have integrated into our website. No personal data are collected during this process. Tailored Audiences is also used to create lookalike targeting lists.You can find more information about Twitter’s privacy policy in their data privacy statement (https://twitter.com/privacy?lang=en). You can adjust your privacy settings for tailored advertisements at this link: https://support.twitter.com/articles/20170405-your-privacy-controls-for-tailored-ads. Twitter also supports “Do Not Track” (DNT). If you have activated this option in your browser, Twitter will not receive any browser-related information (browser cookie ID) from web partners in order to tailor their advertisements to you.Use of your personal informationWe use your personal data in order to constantly improve our range of services and to satisfy users’ needs.We use your personal information for the establishment, processing, and settlement of your user relationship with Dumond’s Custom Furniture and the processing of payments.Furthermore, we use your information in order to communicate with you. This communication includes emails informing you on new features in our services where appropriate. We use your personal information in order to inform you about products, services, or certain events which could be of interest to you on a regular basis. Each message contains the text: “In order to stop receiving emails for this game account in the future, please click here”. After clicking on “here”, you will no longer receive messages regarding this game account. Your refusal will not incur any costs other than the transmission costs in accordance with basic tariffs.Finally, we use your information in order to protect our webpages and to trace unauthorized accesses.Transmission of personal informationAs a matter of course, your data will not be sold to third parties. Dumond’s Custom Furniture transmits your personal data to third parties only to the following extent:We are collaborating with payment providers (e.g. credit card companies, banks, PayPal, mobile services, debt collection agencies, etc.), providers that create and compile statistical data, and IT service providers (e.g., data centers, hosts, backup services, database services). These service providers only have access to your data to the extent necessary for the completion of their tasks. These service providers are required to handle your data in accordance with this privacy policy and the relevant data protection statutes.In the case that Dumond’s Custom Furniture, companies controlled by Dumond’s Custom Furniture, LLC, certain affiliated companies, or shares of the company are sold, your customer information will ordinarily be passed on with the part of the company that is changing hands. As a matter of course, your data shall remain subject to this privacy policy and the relevant data protection statutes in a case such as this.More information about the privacy policyPlease keep in mind that all information you choose to make public, e.g. in chats, via email, or in forums or comments, can be collected and used by others.For our own liability, we maintain the right to review this content. In addition, we shall strive to clarify and prevent any fraudulent measures via independent reviews.Changing or deletion of dataAs a registered user you can review, update, correct or delete your personal data in your profile settings or by contacting us at: sales@dumonds.comDumond’s Custom Furniture will delete personal data upon request, unless mandatory obligations contradict such a deletion.Security of your personal informationThe data collected from you is processed according to the CalOPPA (the California Online Privacy Protection Act), the PIPEDA (The Personal Information Protection and Electronics Documents Act), the Australian Privacy Act, the EU’s Data Protective Directive and the ePrivacy Directive, and the UK’s DPA (Data Protection Act).All employees are obliged and have been advised to maintain data confidentiality and privacy obligations.If, in the future, we start accepting payments on our website, the transfer of your information is protected by SSL encryption technology. Our SSL transfer is GoDaddy certified.ContactDumond’s Custom Furniture, Inc.2954 Sapphire Ranch TrailCorvallis, MT 59828sales@dumonds.comThe operating data protection officer of Dumond’s Custom Furniture is the web designer, Bryan Lutgen (www.wheelbound.net). If you have any questions regarding the privacy policy, please send them via post to:Data Protection Officer2954 Sapphire Ranch TrailCorvallis, MT 59828