https://dutch-passion.com/en/privacy-policy
Home
Privacy Policy
It is Dutch Passion policy and responsibility to protect your privacy and the trust you place in us. On this page you can learn which data we collect when you visit our website, why we collect this data and how we improve your browsing experience with it.  This privacy policy applies to the services of Dutch Passion only, we are not responsible for the privacy policy of other websites and sources. By using our website you accept our privacy policy. Dutch Passion respects the privacy of all the visitors/users of its website and ensures that all personal information will be dealt with in a strictly confidential manner.
How we use the collected dataOur ServicesWhen you order Dutch Passion services/products we ask for personal data such as name, address etc. This data is used to process your order and will be stored on a secure server owned by Dutch Passion or by a third party in The Netherlands. We will not combine your personal data with other data, nor do we sell it to other companies.CommunicationWhen you send emails or other messages to Dutch Passion we may save them. Sometimes we will ask for relevant personal data to enable us to answer your questions and requests. This data will be stored on a secure server owned by Dutch Passion or by a third party in The Netherlands. We will not combine your personal data with other data.CookiesDutch Passion collect data for research to get a better insight of our clients in order to improve our services/products. This websites uses cookies, which are small packets of data sent from a website and stored in a user’s web browser while the user is browsing the website. Every time the user visits the Dutch Passion website, the browser sends the cookie back to the server to notify the website of the user’s previous activity. This information gathered by the cookie will be stored on the secure Dutch Passion or third party server. We use this information to see how you use the website and to make reports on website activity in order to offer you other related services and products.PurposeDutch Passion collect and use this information for no purposes other than those described in our privacy policy unless we have received your written permission to do otherwise.Payment PrivacyIf you pay with Credit Card, Debit Card, Ideal, Sofort, Mr Cash or another payment option which works through a third party then the payment details will be transferred to the payment provider. The provider will not receive your address, contact details or any other unnecessary information.Third PartiesDutch Passion will not provide your personal data to others. In some cases your data will be shared internally but our personnel are bound by a non disclosure contract to respect the confidentiality of your personal data. AlterationsThe Dutch Passion privacy policy is tuned to the current version of our website. Adjustments or changes to the Dutch Passion website can lead to changes in the privacy policy, therefore we advise you to review our privacy policy on a regular basis.Personal DataDutch Passion offers all visitors the possibility to review, change or delete all personal data which has been provided to us. They can do this by accessing their account.Adjustments and termination/removal of NewsletterAt the bottom of Dutch Passion mails you will find the details to contact us in order to adjust your personal data or terminate the newsletter.Adjustments/Removal communicationIf you would like to alter or delete your personal data from Dutch Passion files then please contact us (details on our contact page)Switch off cookiesMany web browsers are set up to accept cookies but you can set up your browser to refuse cookies, or to notify you when a cookie is being sent to you. However, it is possible that some services/functions on our website and on other website do not function properly when you have switched off cookies on your browser.Questions and FeedbackDutch Passion check feedback on a regular basis. If you have questions about our privacy policy please contact us by using the contact form.Our ProductsDutch Passion sells cannabis seeds as collectable adult genetic souvenirs.Due to the nature of some of our products you must be over 18 years of age to view and/or purchase from Dutch Passion.  By purchasing from this site you declare that you are over 18 years of age.Regional LawsWe dispatch our products on the condition that they will not be used by others in conflict with applicable local law. Unfortunately, regulation and use of some of the products we sell often differs from country to country. We therefore advise you to make inquiries about the regulations to which you are subject. For this reason Dutch Passion regrettably can’t accept responsibility for products intercepted or lost in transit en-route to a country where they are illegal.We refuse to sell cannabis seeds to anyone we have reason to believe is going to cultivate them in a country where it is illegal to cultivate them.Drug PolicyDutch Passion does not encourage the use, supply or production of illegal drugs or controlled substances in any way.All information on our website www.dutch-passion.com is provided for educational purposes only.We do encourage discussion and research into drug policy, favouring policies with a strong harm minimization agenda, and reduced emphasis on criminal justice punishment.Please be aware that smoking can seriously damage your health and can be fatal. It is not encouraged by Dutch Passion.Content/PricesExcept in relation to the description of products and services available to order from our website, we do not guarantee the entire accuracy of information provided on the website.Price and product availability is subject to change without notice.Dutch Passion do not accept liability for any of the opinions expressed in product reviews, blogs, comments or photographs that are shown on this site.  The fact that third party opinions and comments are displayed does not mean they are endorsed, favoured or recommended by Dutch Passion or any employee.Copyright and Trade MarksDutch Passion does not give you any right or interest in any copyright or intellectual property rights in any product nor the right to copy them. The copyright in www.dutch-passion.com and the content of all the software, website and pages relating to the www.dutch-passion.com website is owned by, or licensed to Dutch Passion.  It may not be used, copied or altered without our express consent. Copyright extends to the design, look and feel of www.dutch-passion.com, all photographs on it and its marketing materials.You may use www.dutch-passion.com content for private and non-commercial use only i.e. to view, copy and print portions of www.dutch-passion.com content for the sole purpose of placing orders.Dutch Passion, www.dutch-passion.com and our logos are trade names or trade marks of Dutch Passion and may not be used by anyone else without our express permission. The trade marks of the brands sold on Dutch Passion belong to their respective owners.DisputesWe kindly invite customers to contact us at info@dutch-passion.com or by phone (see our contact page) regarding questions or comments about our products, orders and shipments. If for any reason you are not satisfied with the solution offered by us, then please contact the European Office of Online Dispute Resolution https://webgate.ec.europa.eu/odr/
×
×