https://earthfaire.com/conditions.php?osCsid=sjr3l8j5laiikui6usrvhdp5q1
Home » Conditions of Use
Conditions of Use
This Policy governs the manner in which Earthfaire collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of the earthfaire.com website ("Site"). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Earthfaire.
Payment
We accept the following credit cards for payment: Visa, MasterCard, Discover, and American Express. We also accept PayPal.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, or place an order and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information.
Users may visit our Site anonymously.
We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
Earthfaire collects and uses Users personal information for the following purposes:
To improve customer service
Your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
To personalize user experience
We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
To improve our Site
We continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
To process transactions
We may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
To administer a content, promotion, survey or other Site feature
To send Users information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them.
To send periodic emails
The email address Users provide for order processing, will only be used to send them information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, and/or other requests or questions. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email, the User may unsubscibe via their site account, or the User may contact us via our Site.
Billing
Billing is handled by third-parties
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and its Users happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures.
Third party websites
Users may find content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website's own terms and policies.
Changes to this privacy policy
Earthfaire has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, revise the updated date at the bottom of this page,. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy and terms of service. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at: earthfaire@earthfaire.com or phone us 9a-5p, M-F eastern time at (862) 621-9380
Last updated: December 18, 2014
Continue
What's New? Cephalopod: Kits + Bead Option$49.99
Specials Reptile Skin: Kits (+ Eyes?)$58.00$48.88
Newsletter Signup
Sign UpOur newsletter is pretty great. We'll tell you about new knits and even send coupons (and never give anyone your email address).
Bestsellers The "Verna-X" Beadle Needle/ Straight/ 0.8mm or 1.0mmMetallic Threads/ Tapestry Braid #12/ 10m SpoolsBead Soup Bracelet Kit/ Original/ Random or CustomBead Stew Bracelet/
Moon FlowersClover - Soft Touch Crochet Hook - size 14/ 0.5mmBead Stew Bracelet/ Moonrise on NeptuneSilver Lined Crystal AB: Miyuki Seed Bead 8/0Bead Stew Bracelet/ Rock CandyMoonrise Neckpiece/ by Sivia and EllenLeaf Bracelet/ Knit Version/ Kit
Information
Shipping & Returns Privacy Notice Conditions of Use Contact Us Gift Vouchers Sitemap
Copyright © 2020 Earthfaire