http://earthhenna.com/about/merchant-policies/
×
Henna
Henna Kits
Stencils
Accessories
Earth Henna Techniques
Henna Tattoo Gallery
Morocco Gallery
Jagua
Jagua Kits
Stencils
Accessories
Earth Jagua Techniques
Jagua Tattoo Gallery
Amazon Gallery
Freebies
Gallery
Videos
Henna Photos
Jagua Photos
Lakaye Lookbook
Morocco Photos
Amazon Photos
Tasteful Nudes
About
About Our Company
Contact Us
Press
About Henna
Earth Henna FAQs
About Jagua
Earth Jagua FAQs
Body Art Lookbook
Merchant Policies
Wholesale Info
Short Stories
Online Store
Free Tattoo Stencils
Blog
Home
AboutMerchant Policies
Collection Menu
Henna Kits
Jagua Kits
Tattoo Stencils
Freebies
All Products
Earth Henna Merchant PoliciesFor Online Retail Customers
Satisfaction Guarantee
At Lakaye Studio/Earth Henna, we believe that customer service is the easiest thing in the world to provide. We want to make sure that your experience with our products and with our staff is the best it can be. So call us anytime you have a problem, and we will take care of your needs ASAP—whether it is sending a replacement kit or returning your money if you are not completely satisfied. We know that good word-of-mouth—about our products or our company—is the best advertising and key to being successful.
Privacy and Security
Maintaining the privacy of our customers is of the utmost importance to Lakaye Studio. Under no circumstances will we ever share your email address or personal information with third parties, or sell this information to other people or organizations. Be assured that all online transactions through our store involving credit cards and confidential customer payment information are secure.
Sales Tax
For customers who are residents of California, we collect 7.25% CA state sales tax on product+shipping; plus, where applicable, additional county, municipal, and local sales tax within the state of California.
Returns
If you are dissatisfied with your purchase for any reason, you may return it within 30 days of the purchase date. All shipping charges are nonrefundable.
Phone Orders
As of January 1, 2017, we no longer accept retail orders placed over the phone. You must place an order through our website or send us an email at info@earthhenna.com.
Shipping
Free Shipping offers apply to retail sales through our website only. Contiguous US ONLY. Does NOT apply to wholesale or distributor customers.
Expedited Shipping
If you wish to add expedited shipping to your order, please complete your transaction and contact our shipping department at shipping@earthhenna.com with your order number. Additional shipping costs will be collected via a separate secure invoice.
~ THANK YOU FOR SHOPPING WITH US! ~
Top