https://ebrew.com/privacy-policy.html
eBrew.com Header Section
Home>>Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally identifiable information' (PII) is being used online. PII, as used in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
What information do we collect?
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your Name, Email address, Mailing address, Phone number, Credit card information or other details to help you with your experience.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to a newsletter, respond to a survey, fill out a form or enter information on our site.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
• To improve our website in order to better serve you.
• To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
• To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.
• To quickly process your transactions.
• To send periodic emails regarding your order or other products and services.
How do we protect visitor information?
We use vulnerability scanning and/or scanning to PCI standards.
We use an SSL certificate
We implement security measures when a user:
• places an order.
• enters, submits, or accesses their information.
• We use a payment gateway provider.
Do we use 'cookies'?
We use cookies to:
• Help remember and process the items in the shopping cart,
• Understand and save user's preferences for future visits,
• Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third party services that track this information on our behalf.
If users disable cookies in their browser:
It will turn off some of the features of the site
Stored Card Information Stored Billing Information
Over the telephone
By contacting customer service
Third Party Disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer Personally Identifiable Information.
Third party links
We do not include or offer third party products or services on our website.
Google
We have not enabled Google AdSense on our site but we may do so in the future.
California Online Privacy Protection Act
According to CalOPPA we agree to the following:
Users can visit our site anonymously
Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page, or as a minimum on the first significant page after entering our website.
Our Privacy Policy link includes the word 'Privacy', and can be easily be found on the page specified above.
Users will be notified of any privacy policy changes:
• On our Privacy Policy Page
Users are able to change their personal information:
• By emailing us
• By calling us
• By logging in to their account
• By chatting with us or sending us a ticket
How does our site handle do not track signals?
We honor them and do not track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
Does our site allow third party behavioral tracking?
We do not allow
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
We do not specifically market to children under 18
Fair Information Practices
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:
• We will notify the users via email
• Within 7 business days
We agree to the individual redress principle, which requires that individuals have a right to pursue legally enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or a government agency to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors
CAN SPAM Act
We collect your email address:
• To send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.
• To process orders and to send information and updates pertaining to orders
• We may also send you additional information related to your product and/or service.
• To market to our mailing list or continue to send emails to our clients after the original transaction has occurred
To be accordance with CANSPAM we agree to the following:
We will NOT use false, or misleading subjects or email addresses
We will identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way
We will include the physical address of our business or site headquarters
We will monitor third party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.
We will honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly
We will give an 'opt-out' or 'unsubscribe' option
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can
• Follow the instructions at the bottom of each email.
Contact Information
Alternative Beverage
eBrew.com
PO Box 1360
1500 River Dr. Suite 104
Belmont, North Carolina, 28012 USA
absales@ebrew.com
(800) 365-2739
|Wish List|Gift Certificates
|
Home
Shop
Home Brewing Equipment
Home Brewing Ingredients
Advanced Home Brewing
Draft Equipment
Winemaking Equipment
Winemaking Ingredients
Fermentation Equipment
Cleaning & Sanitizing
Hop Rhizomes
Apple Cider
Distillation
Mead
Sake
Soft Drinks
Current Specials
Specials
Gift Ideas
Buyer's Club
Books
Clearance Specials
Wine Kit Clearance
Current Specials
Coupon Page
What's New
About Us
Help
Tips & Tricks
Hop Chart
Shipping Resource
Return Policy
Privacy Policy
Product Submission
Contact Us
Belmont Super Store
Charlotte South Blvd
Account
Sign In
Register
Wish List
Shopping Cart
Gift Certificates
Resources
Brewboard
Shipping Resource
Videos
Our Facility
Help
Contact Us
Policies & Standards
Privacy Policy
The Primary News
Newsletter Sign-Up
Social Media
Facebook
Browse our Catalog
Home Brewing Equipment
Home Brewing Ingredients
Advanced Home Brewing
Draft Equipment
Winemaking Equipment
Winemaking Ingredients
Fermentation Equipment
Cleaning & Sanitizing
Hop Rhizomes
Apple Cider
Distillation
Mead
Sake
Soft Drinks
Current Specials
View Cart
Ciderday Cider Saturday
widget @ surfing-waves.com
=