https://ebuni.com/terms-conditions/
Home
Help (Delivery/Returns)
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
1) Payment Options:
'Ebuni' accepts all major credit and debit cards (no minimum) and uses a secure payment system provided by PayPal. We also accept payments via PayPal's express checkout system and Amazon Pay.
2) Credit Card Security:
We know of no documented cases of credit card fraud using our shopping system over the Internet. All credit card numbers are encrypted in the software when the order is placed using 128 bit SSL encryption Technology. They are not held in clear text on any web site.
3) Delivery & Charges: (UK)
Please Read Our Delivery Pages
4) Returns & Cancellations:
Please Read Our Returns Policy/Procedure
5) Refunds:
Refunds for valid claims will be made via the same method of payment as used to place order within 30 Days of receipt by us, we aim to complete the process within 7 working Days..
6) Retention of Title:
This remains with 'ebuni' until the goods are paid for in full.
7) Application of Value Added Tax (VAT):
VAT is included in the cost of each product, where applicable (VAT number GB 764 4968 79).
8) Order Confirmations:
Upon submitting an order using our automated shopping basket system, with payment made through the secure payment gateway servers, you will receive two e-mails. An 'Order Confirmation' from 'ebuni' and a 'Transaction Authorised' receipt. If you submit an order requesting payment by any other method you will receive an 'Order Confirmation' once payment has been made.
9) Stock Levels:
Our shopping basket system is operated using an inventory with stock in hand. Confirmed orders indicate the item(s) ordered are in stock however an order is not considered confirmed or accepted until we have emailed notification of shipment . If for any reason the stock levels show an item out of stock or insufficient quantity to meet the customers demands, please contact us by e-mail at sales@ebuni.com and we will advise the date that stock item will be available again.
10) Confirmation of Despatch:
Confirmation of despatch of orders will be sent by e-mail on despatch or shipment of all orders, showing consignment tracking number with date and time of despatch.
11) Invoices:
Invoices are available if necessary on request from 'ebuni'.
12) Order Inquiries:
To follow up on the delivery of a product or for any inquiries contact: UK - 033 0001 7744 or you can email us at: sales@ebuni.com
13) Data Protection & Privacy:
We do not store credit card details nor do we share customer details with any 3rd parties.
'ebuni' does not sell to anyone its data base of customers and information contained on customers remains confidential to the company. We are committed to protecting your privacy. We will only use the information that we collect about you lawfully (in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998). We collect information about you for two reasons: firstly, to process your order and secondly, to provide you with the best possible service. We will not e-mail you in the future unless you have given us your consent. Should you wish to contact us regarding our Privacy Policy please contact our Operations Manager by e-mail operations@ebuni.com
14) Multiple orders:
For multiple orders (company or corporate gifts) please contact us separately by e-mail: sales@ebuni.com
15) Unforeseen Circumstances:
While every effort will be made to meet shoppers demands, cancellations or variations may be necessary as a result of Act of God, War, Strike, Lockout, Labour Dispute, Fire, Flood, Drought or other causes beyond the control of 'ebuni'.
16) Complaints:
If you have a complaint, please contact us immediately by e-mail to sales@ebuni.com or by phone - UK - 033 0001 7744. All complaints will be acknowledged within one working day. Any complaint will be dealt with fairly, effectively and confidentially. These complaints will be dealt within seven working days. These terms and conditions do not affect your consumer's statutory rights.
17) Law:
These terms and conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with English Law and you hereby agree to be subject to the jurisdiction of the Courts of England.
'Ebuni' is a wholly owned subsidiary of Decision 1 Ltd, Registered in England and Wales: 4097792. VAT GB764 4968 79 Registered Office: Minerva Mill - Station Road - Alcester - Warwickshire - B49 5ET. .E. & O.E.
×
OK
Newsletter Signup
Email Address