https://edenflorist.com/privacy-policy/
Back to home
Share it :
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
At  Eden Florist, we are committed to protecting the privacy of all visitors to our Web site by creating an environment where you feel safe to share your information with us.  Your personal information, and the information of all Eden Florist visitors is used by us to insure that we are providing you with the most relevant information, content and opportunities. Please read the following privacy information carefully, which outlines how and why visitors’ personal information is collected and how our Web site and businesses use it.
How we collect information
Eden Florist obtains information from and about you in a variety of ways. Some information is gathered automatically when you access the Site such as IP address, browser information and operating system, as an example. We gather and store statistics and other information about online activities of our visitors on a collective basis. For example, we track the number of people who view each page to learn which features are most popular. When you visit the Eden Florist Web site, you may be asked to provide personal information (name and contact information) for various reasons. They include:
To download digital documents and products including coloring books, ebooks, special reports, white papers, ecourse, audio and video products.
To purchase products sold at the Eden Florist website/blog.
To register for an Eden Florist – sponsored event.
Personal information is not gathered automatically at the site. If you wish to provide personal information, you must do so voluntarily such as a submission of an online form or via email submission. Personal information is NEVER given to third parties for advertising or any other reason. Some personal information is published on the Web site such as your business name and business address in areas where you have volunteered and are willing to have that information published so that we can promote your business on the internet.
Cookies are small pieces of data that are stored by a user’s web browser on the hard drive of a user’s computer. Cookies can remember what information a user accesses on one web page to simplify subsequent interactions with that web site by the same user. Cookies are usually used to store information such as products you have clicked to add to your shopping cart. They also allow you to store your password without having to constantly re-enter it. The shopping cart cannot “tally” a total without using Cookies to remember what you have selected to purchase so far.
Other Uses of Information
In addition to the uses outlined above, Eden Florist may, from time to time, use your personal data to send you information about news and events that may be of interest to you. However, we value your interest in and relationship with Eden Florist and are committed to protecting your information from unauthorized use. Eden Florist limits the collection and use of personal information to what is necessary to administer our business and to deliver superior service to you. This may include advising you about our products or services, those of our business partners, and other opportunities that we believe may interest you. To serve you better, we may combine information you give us on the Internet or through other channels.
Eden Florist MOBILE APPLICATIONS & SERVICES
This Site and some of the features and Site Content available on this Site, including applications and services, may be available via a mobile phone, including, but without limitation, the ability to browse Site and upload content from Site or to Site via your mobile phone or to use your mobile phone to purchase products and/or services  (“Mobile Services”). You acknowledge that you are responsible for all charges and necessary permissions related to these Mobile Services and accessing the Site through your mobile access provider. By using the Mobile Services, you agree that Eden Florist  may communicate with you through text message or other electronic means via your mobile phone/device and that certain information about you including, but not limited to, your device, your mobile carrier, your internet access provider, your physical location, or web pages containing Eden Florist plugins that load in your browser may be communicated to Eden Florist .
Community Programs
Eden Florist cautions you to use discretion when sharing personal information in community areas on this web site such as message boards, mailing lists and directories. If you disclose personal information in such areas, you understand and agree that such personal information may be used and disclosed by others without restriction.
Other Sites
Please note that if you provide any information on your own or directly to parties who provide service to Eden Florist, any merchants who offer discounts to our members, or any other sites you encounter on the Internet (even if these sites are branded with our branding), different rules may apply to their use or disclosure of the personal information you disclose to them. We encourage you to investigate and ask questions before disclosing information to third parties. (Note: Eden Florist may place advertising on our sites that originates from outside advertisers and/or advertising agencies. In some cases, if you click on or view these ads, a cookie may be assigned by the advertiser).
The Limits of Our Abilities
Although your privacy is very important to us, due to the existing legal regulatory and security environment, we cannot fully ensure that your private communications and other personally identifiable information will not be disclosed to third parties. The government or third parties under certain circumstances may intercept or access transmissions or private communications.
Security
We use industry-standard efforts to safeguard the confidentiality of your personal identifiable information, such as firewalls and Secure Socket Layers where appropriate. However, no data transmissions over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. When you transmit data over the internet, you do so at your own risk. In many cases – such as event registration – other options may be available to you such as snail mail, the telephone or by fax.
Corrections
We will update and correct any information that is found or known to be incorrect either through our own record-keeping or as advised by Eden Florist.
If you require additional information about the Eden Florist Web site privacy policy, please contact heidi@redheadmarketinginc.com
Last updated January 15, 2018
Copyright ©201 – Eden Florist  – All rights reserved.
×
Item Added to your Cart!
There are no products
Continue Shopping