http://edmundsroses.com/privacy
Roses
Antique Roses
Climbing Roses
Floribunda Roses
Grandiflora Roses
Groundcover Roses
Hybrid Tea Roses
Miniature Roses
Shrub Roses
Tree Roses
Roses By Trait
Award Winning Roses
Fragrant Roses
Heat Tolerant Roses
Shade Tolerant Roses
Own Root Roses
Disease Resistant
Rose Hips
Nearly Thornless Roses
Roses by Color
Roses Collections
Tools & Rose Care
Disease Control
Fertilizers
Garden Decor
Gloves
Insect Control
Soil Amendments
Tools
New Offerings
Close
Shopping Cart
0 Items
- Subtotal: $ 0
Continue Shopping
Checkout »
We are accepting pre-orders for the 2021 Spring Season.Varieties and availability are subject to change.See here for estimated shipping times for your area.FREE SHIPPING ON ORDERS $100+ BEFORE FEB 4, 2021
Home >> Privacy
Edmunds' Roses Company Policies
Edmunds' Roses respects the privacy of every individual who shops with us, mail-order and internet alike.
We save personally-identifiable information, such as your name, address and telephone number, from our website only when visitors sign up for an account, place an order, or request a catalog. If you place an order, either through guest or account checkout, we save your order information for several years in our internal computer system. We do not store credit card information.
If you place an order or request a catalog, we occasionally share those names and addresses with reputable third parties whose products might be of interest to you. If you do not want us to share your name, please call or contact us with your name, mailing address, and telephone number to our customer service representatives and request that we not share your name.
We never share or sell email addresses or phone numbers.
When you place an order online, your credit card information is encrypted, keeping it safe and confidential.
At this time, only customers who have purchased items online, through their registered account, are allowed to rate and review products. All reviews go through an approval process before being posted on the website. Any reviews containing inappropriate language or content will not be approved.
We will deliver dormant, top-grade, true-to-name roses.
We guarantee they will grow and bloom the first season providing our recommended planting instructions included with every order are followed.
A credit voucher will be issued for any rose purchased and planted in late winter and early spring 2021 that fails to grow, provided we are notified by August 1, 2021.
Sale items will only be issued a credit voucher for the purchase price.
In no case will we be liable for any amount greater than the purchase price.
Gardening Aids and Hardware products are satisfaction guaranteed against material and workmanship defects.
If not fully satisfied, the product may be returned for a replacement or refund.
Shipping charges are not refundable.
Although every precaution is taken to ensure accuracy, errors in price, quantity and/or specifications may occur.
We reserve the right to correct such errors.