https://elbowgreaselubricants.com/index.php/wpautoterms/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy – ElbowGrease
$0.00Home
New Formula
News
Shop
Creams
Encounter
Fusion Silicone
H2O Water Based
Cleaners
Contact
800-226-6464 / Outside US: +1-818-678-9763info@elbowgreaselubricants.com
$0.00No products in the cartGo to shop Login
Remember me?
Login
Home
New Formula
News
Shop
Creams
Encounter
Fusion Silicone
H2O Water Based
Cleaners
Contact
Privacy Policy
Home Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
August 2, 2019
Posted by
Dan
Last updated: August 2, 2019
ElbowGrease (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates the ElbowGrease website (the “Service”).
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information when you use our Service.
We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
We use your Personal Information for providing and improving the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible at https://elbowgreaselubricants.com
Information Collection And Use
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”) may include, but is not limited to:
Name
Email address
Telephone number
Address
Log Data
We collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service (“Log Data”). This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer’s hard drive.
We use “cookies” to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service, to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 (“Children”).
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with Personal Information, please contact us. If we discover that a child under 18 has provided us with Personal Information, we will delete such information from our servers immediately.
Compliance With Laws
We will disclose your Personal Information where required to do so by law or subpoena.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us via the Contact Page.
0
Share
You also might be interested in
Elbow Grease Lubricants Sponsors Events
Feb 1, 2020
Elbow Grease Lubricants sponsors many events throughout the year. Check back[...]
See Us At The ANME Industry Show
Mar 1, 2020
The Adult Novelty Manufacturers Expo 2020 in Burbank has been[...]
Check back here for more events!
Dec 1, 2019
Elbow Grease, Encounter, Fusion and H2O Lubricants will all be[...]
Recent Posts
See Us At The ANME Industry Show
Elbow Grease Lubricants Sponsors Events
Check back here for more events!
Recent CommentsLaurent on Elbow Grease Cream Original Formula – 15 Oz.Archives
March 2020
February 2020
December 2019
Categories
Product Info
Meta
Log in
Entries feed
Comments feed
WordPress.org
Follow and subscribe
Recent Posts
See Us At The ANME Industry Show
Elbow Grease Lubricants Sponsors Events
Check back here for more events!
Contact Us
Send us an email and we'll get back to you ASAP.
Send Message
ABOUT US Founded in 1979 as a revolutionary alternative to Crisco, lotion or spit and persuasion, Elbow Grease is one of the oldest independent lubricant companies in the world. Offering a new, odorless, thick-cream lubricant that met multiple challenges, it quickly gained—and has retained—a top-choice position in the hearts, minds and fantasies of people around the world.
Formulated by B. Cumming Company, Elbow Grease Original Cream was created by players for players who had first-hand, intimate knowledge of their craft.
In those days, we literally went door to door, sharing samples armed only with a Damron guide, a street map and our superior product.
Today, we deliver a comprehensive line of products around the globe to satisfy the needs of discriminating men and women who demand the best lubricant that money can buy.
BECOME A RETAILER Click on Contact at the top of the page and complete the contact form.  We will review your request and respond to you.
Find A Retailer Click Here to Find a Retailer near You
© 2020 · Highend Shop. Theme by HB-Themes.
By continuing to use this site you are agreeing to our website Terms and Conditions as well as our Privacy Policy.
OKTerms And Conditions
Privacy Policy