https://electronics-pluz.com/privacy-policy-2/
Skip to content
Search
Menu
Home
Guides
Audio
Cameras
Car
Drones
Gadgets
GPS
Smart Home
Software
Tactical
VR
Reviews
Audio
Cameras
Car
Drones
Gadgets
GPS
Smart Home
Software
Tactical
VR
Disclaimers
Affiliate Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About Us
Search
Privacy Policy
Overview and Your Agreement to Privacy
It is very important that you read these terms because they concern the collection and use of information you may consider private or personal. This site (“Company” “We”, or “Us”) values your privacy. We have therefore implemented this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) with transparency, consumer choice, and data security in mind. This Privacy Policy addresses concerns about how we collect, use and share personal information through this website, related websites and any sub domains thereof (collectively, the “Site), as well as other plug-ins exchanging information with Us (“Applications”). (Collectively, the Site and Applications may be referred to herein as “Online Services.”)
The Privacy Policy governs your use of the Online Services, including your visit to or browsing of the Site and any actions taken with respect to the Online Services, including the purchase of products or services offered by the Company. Therefore, by using the Online Services in any manner, you accept the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Purpose of Privacy Policy
We have a right to condition your use of the Online Services and the sale of goods and services on properly disclosed terms. You have the right to be informed of those material terms. Because we may collect, use or disseminate your information, including Personal Information, this Privacy Policy describes the information collection, use, and dissemination practices of this site.
and any of its parent, subsidiary or registered d/b/a companies subsidiaries (collectively, the “Company”) as they relate to the Online Services. Be advised, this Privacy Policy governs the Company’s right to collect, use, store and disclose information provided by you on the following: (a) this website, (b) Company’s other websites, and, (c) third party websites.
Please note, this Privacy Policy also governs the Company’s other information and collection and distribution practices, including the acquisition of your information from and the dissemination of your information to Third Parties for commercial use. As set forth below, however, the Company is not in any way responsible for the information collection or privacy practices of third party websites or applications over which the Company has no control.
Information Collection Practices
Visitor Data. The Company automatically tracks certain information based upon your visit to and behavior on the Site. If you visit the Site or use the Online Services (even if you do not engage in a sales transaction), we may collect a variety of data from visitors, including IP addresses, URL, browser settings and plug-ins, screen resolutions, cookie preferences, search engine keywords, JavaScript enablement, internet service (ISP) information, referring/exit pages, computer profiles and operating systems, date/time stamps, clickstream data, traffic data, and all other “visitor” data that the Company may collect from visitors under applicable law (collectively, “Visitor Data”). Visitor Data may include the URL you just came from (whether on the Site or not), and the URL you next go to (whether on the Site or not). We may collect the IP addresses of the websites and pages you visit.
Please note, while an ISP does not identify a user by his or her name, it may, with the cooperation of an ISP, be used to locate and identify an individual using the Web. Moreover, your IP address can reveal what geographic area from which you are connecting or which ISP you are using.
Visitor Data may include other anonymous data which will help Us understand and analyze the Internet experience and behavior of our visitors. For example, the Company may collect visitor data relating to referring domain names.
The Company uses servers and software that allows it to automatically recognize and capture Visitor Data. The Company may use Visitor Data for several reasons, including but not limited to: compiling traffic data about the types of visitors who use the Site at specific intervals (“Traffic Data”); using Traffic Data to analyze Site traffic; administer and optimize the Online Services; and, display or particularize content according to your preferences. When you provide Personal Information, We are able to use Visitor Data to identify you.
Please note, moreover, we may use Visitor Data by sharing it or selling it to business partners, affiliates, or advertisers on an aggregated or anonymous basis.
Cookies. The Company currently uses cookie technology to associate Internet-related information about you with information about you in its database. The Company may use the standard cookie feature of major browser applications and third-party providers, including but not limited to Google Analytics features (Remarketing, Google Display Network Impression Reporting, the DoubleClick Campaign Manager Integration and Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting). The Company may employ internally developed cookies and tracking codes, which allow the Company to store a small piece of data on a visitor’s computer (or any other device a visitor uses to access Online Services) about the visit to the Site or use of the Applications. Further, the Company may use other new and evolving sources of information in the future. We may use cookies to: keep track of the number of return visits to the Site; accumulate and report aggregate, statistical information on Site usage; deliver specific content to you based on your interests or past viewing history; and, save your password for ease of access to the Site. You can disable cookies. If you disable cookies, you may use the Site, but your ability to use all of the features and functionality of the Site, such as order forms, may be limited or impacted. Your browser settings can be modified to accept or reject all cookies, or request a notification when a cookie is set.
Web Beacons. We employ a software technology called clear gifs or web beacons, which is a programming code that can be used to display an image on a web page. Web beacons also can be used by Us to transfer your unique user identification to a database and associate you with previously acquired information (which could include Personal Information) about an individual in the database. This helps us track certain websites you visit, behavioral habits for marketing purposes, and referrals from partners and affiliates.
Third Party Tracking. The use of tracking technologies by service providers, technology partners or other third parties (such as social media links) on the Site is not covered by our Privacy Policy. These third parties may use cookies, clear gifs, images, and scripts to help them better manage their content on the Site. We do not have access or control over these technologies.
No Information from Children. We do not target or market to children. The Company will never knowingly collect any Personal Information about or from a child under the age of 13. If the Company obtains actual knowledge that it has collected Personal Information about a child under the age of 13, that information will immediately be deleted from its database. The Company, moreover, employs all reasonable measures to ensure that it markets and sells its products to consumers that are of legal age under the laws of the jurisdictions in which they reside, and Company will never knowingly collect any Personal Information about or from a consumer that is not of legal age.
Use of Information
We use information We collect from you for a host of reasons. For example, We may use your information to communicate with you, process orders, facilitate your transactions with Us or our third party affiliates and marketing partners, and inform you of offers and discounts in the future. We may also, for example, monetize and share your information, or use your information to analyze and optimize Our marketing efforts. To provide you clarity, this section sets forth how the Company currently uses or has a right to use information it collects from you.
Visitor Demographics and Targeted Advertising. Contact Data and Traffic Data are used to gather statistics about customers and visitors. We may use data collected from you, including Demographic Data, to generate collective information about our users or to identify users specifically. The Company may use collected data to target advertising to an individual, including using technology to associate an individual with that person’s Personal Information in order to show advertising for products and services in which the person has expressed an interest in surveys or otherwise indicated an interest based on the technological information.
Use of Technology Information and Storage of Personal Information. Company may use Technology Information (1) to match a person’s Personal Information and Third Party List Information to other categories of Personal Information to make and improve profiles of individuals, (2) to track a person’s online browsing habits on the Internet, (3) to determine which areas of Company’s websites are most frequently visited. This information helps Company to better understand the online habits of individuals so that Company can target advertising and promotions to them.
Company may use Personal Information to make a profile of an individual. A profile can be created by combining Survey Information and Third Party List Information with other sources of Personal Information such as information obtained from public databases.
Company stores the Personal Information in a database on its’ computers. Company computers have security measures (such as a firewall and password protections) in place to protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under Company’s control. Notwithstanding such measures, Company cannot guarantee that its security measures will prevent its computers from being illegally accessed, and the Personal Information on them stolen or altered.
Required by Law. We may also disclose your Personal Information as required by law, including in response to a subpoena or similar legal process, as well as when We believe in good faith that disclosure is needed to to protect Our rights (or those of our Owners), the rights of other customers or your safety, as well as to investigate or prevent fraud or violations of the Company’s Terms of Use, or as otherwise needed to respond to a legal request.
Third Party Offers. Company may provide your Personal Information to third parties with whom they have a business relationship for the purposes of securing the services and products you have requested or provide you with additional marketing materials from which you may choose additional products or services. Company may make your Personal Information available to companies or other entities not affiliated with the Company that have goods, services and offers that might be of interest to you so that they may send you these offers.
Aggregate Statistics. Company may disclose aggregate statistics regarding user behavior as a measure of interest in, and use of, our Website and e-mails to third parties in the form of aggregate data, such as overall patterns or demographic reports that do not describe or identify any individual user.
Data Summary. Company may sell or transfer non-individualized information, such as summary or aggregated anonymous information about all persons or sub-groups of persons.
Advertiser cookies and web beacons. Advertising agencies, advertising networks, and other companies who place advertisements on the websites and on the internet generally may use their own cookies, web beacons, and other technology to collect information about individuals. Company does not control the use of such technology and Company has no responsibility for the use of such technology to gather information about you.
Links. The websites sometimes contain hypertext links to the websites of third parties. Company is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such other websites. Linked websites may contain links to websites maintained by third parties. Such links are provided for your convenience and reference only. Company does not operate or control in any respect any information, software, products or services available on such third party websites. The inclusion of a link to a website does not imply any endorsement of the services or the site, its contents, or its sponsoring organization.
Affiliations/Merger/Sale. Company further reserves the right to disclose, transfer or sell your Personal Information to companies who are affiliated with Company in Company’s sole discretion. If Company changes ownership through an acquisition, merger, sale or other change of business status, it reserves the right to transfer or assign the right to use your Personal Information collected from the Website.
Foreign use of the Website. To the extent that you are accessing the Website while domiciled outside of the United States, you acknowledge that the Personal Information you are providing Company is collected and stored in the United States and therefore consent to the transfer of information to and storage of the information outside of your domiciled country and in the United States.
Data Security
Commitment to Data Security. We strive to make certain that Our servers and connections incorporate proper encryption and security devices. The Company stores the Person Information in a database and its computers have security measures (such as firewall and password protections) in place to safeguard and secure the information We collect. We have also implemented physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to further safeguard the information. Credit card and related information are transmitted by secure servers (SSL).
Unfortunately, no data transmission is guaranteed to be 100% secure and We therefore cannot guarantee the security of your information you transmit to or from the Site, Applications, or through the use of the Online Services. You therefore provide your information, including Personal Information, at your own risk. ACCORDINGLY, WE DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR THE THEFT, LOSS, OR INTERCEPTION OF, OR UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS OR DAMAGE TO, YOUR DATA OR COMMUNICATIONS BY USING THE SITE, APPLICATIONS, AND THE ONLINE SERVICES. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND ASSUME THESE RISKS.
Like Us On Facebook