https://ellisrugby.com/privacy-policy-2/
Skip to content
Privacy PolicyEllis Kevin2019-07-01T08:26:15+00:00
Privacy Policy
Ellis Rugby is committed to protecting your privacy online. Our policy is processed in accordance with Data Protection Act (UK Law) and is not sold to third parties.
Ellis Rugby is committed to protecting your privacy online. Our policy is processed in accordance with Data Protection Act (UK Law) and is not sold to third parties.
What information do we collect?
We collect email addresses. Registration: on some parts of the site we ask you to register, and if you do we ask for your name, email address, geographical address and other personal information.
From time to time we will ask you for further information, for example if you make a purchase or enter a competition. We may also use cookies. For an explanation, see the section on cookies below.
Use of Cookies
Cookies are small files which many web sites transfer to your hard disk. They can inform the web site what pages you visit, and your preferences, which enable web sites to provide you with a more personalized service. You can set your browser to refuse cookies, or to warn you before accepting them.
We use cookies, but most parts of our site can be accessed even if your cookies are turned off. But you may find there are parts of the site which you cannot access if your cookies are turned off.
How do we use your information?
We use the information to help us understand more about how our web site is used, to improve our site, and to send you information about us and our products which we think may be of interest to you, both electronically or otherwise.
In the case of our online publications available through subscription, your personal information may be used to enable us to verify you are a subscriber and to deliver the online publication to you.
Unless you have informed us that you do not wish to receive further information about our products and those of our affiliates and partners, we and they may send you direct mail.
When do we share information?
We do not sell your personal information to others.
We may share your information with our associated companies, agents and distributors
A number of other company web sites have links on our site. If you link to their sites, they may collect information. Such sites are not within our control and are not covered by this privacy statement.
If we believe that your use of the site is unlawful or damaging to others, we reserve the right to disclose the information we have obtained through the site about you to the extent that it is reasonably necessary in our opinion to prevent, remedy or take action in relation to such conduct.
Visibility
To make the most of the security on our site, we recommend using either Netscape Navigator® or Microsoft® Internet Explorer™. We also recommend setting your browser`s preferences to accept cookies and enable JavaScript™.
We will review this policy in the light of comments we receive so please check the latest version. If you have any questions specifically about Privacy, please contact the Data Controller at info@ellisrugby.com