http://emeraldspa.com/privacy-policy/
About Us
Dealer Information
Buying Tips
Contact Us
emerald-spasPagesEmerald Spas
Great Lakes Spas
Persona Spas
Polynesian Spas
downloadcatalog_icon
Privacy Policy
We desire to build trust and confidence in our products. To demonstrate our commitment to privacy, we disclose our privacy practices. Your privacy is very important to us. As part of the normal operation of the Emerald Spa Corporation Web Site and Applications, we collect information about you. This Emerald Spa Corporation Privacy Policy describes the information we collect and how this information is used.
Registration
Our web server automatically recognizes the Internet domain from which the visitor is accessing our systems. When you register to become an authorized system user, we request certain information about you, including preferred username and password. We do not disclose your specific personal or corporate information to third parties. We do, however, identify you in connection with your use of certain aspects of the Emerald Spa Corporation system, as your identity relates to the execution of transactions.
Marketplace Information
We do not sell, rent, distribute, or provide your personal or corporate information to third parties. We do aggregate personal information about our users and information about commerce conducted electronically through the Emerald Spa Corporation system. This information may be used to summarize in order to compile and distribute statistics and general marketplace information about its use. For example, we may aggregate information to determine the general demographic makeup of our users, total sales volume, types of trading transactions conducted, etc. The aggregated information will not identify specific individual information.
Other Parties
This Privacy Policy only addresses the use of information and its disclosure by us. We do not control the privacy policies of any third parties. If you choose to disclose information to other parties, we recommend that you ask them about their privacy policies prior to your disclosure.
Updates to this Policy
We may update or amend this Privacy Policy at any time by posting the revised Policy to the Emerald Spa Corporation Web Site. We encourage you to review this Policy from time to time. If you have questions about the Emerald Spa Corporation Privacy Policy, please contact us.
Home
About Us
Dealer vip login
Privacy Policy
© 2020 Emerald Spa Corporation. All Rights Reserved