https://emeraldproducts.com/pages/legal
Skip to content
Just added to your cart
Qty:
View cart ()
Continue shopping
Submit
Close search
Free domestic shipping on all orders over $100
Copyright & Legal
Welcome to EmeraldProducts.com (“Web Site”), the home of Emerald Energy® brand products!
Please take a few minutes to review these Terms and Conditions. Your use of this website and purchase of products from us constitutes your agreement to follow these Terms and Conditions and to be bound by them.
This policy was last updated on September 20, 2017.
These Terms and Conditions May ChangeEmerald Products, Inc. reserves the right to update or modify these Terms and Conditions at any time without prior notice. For this reason, we encourage you to review these Terms and Conditions whenever you purchase products from us or use our Web Site.
Product DisclaimerEmerald Energy® brand products are not offered as a treatment or cure for any medical conditions, but only as nutritional support. Information contained within our website is provided for educational purposes only. Information presented throughout this website has not been evaluated by the FDA, and is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease, nor should it be used as a substitute for your own physician’s advice. The information presented herein should not be construed as the practice of medicine. We recommend in all cases that you consult with your health care professional before taking any nutritional supplements or discontinuing any medication.
Website DisclaimerThis Web Site and all Content available on this Web Site are provided on an “as is” basis without warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including without limitation warranties of title or implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. You acknowledge, by your use of this Web Site, that your use of this Web Site is at your sole risk, that you assume full responsibility for all costs associated with all necessary servicing or repairs of any equipment you use in connection with your use of this Web Site, and that Emerald Products, Inc. shall not be liable for any damages of any kind related to your use of this Web Site.
Hyperlinks to other Web SitesTo the extent our Web Site contains hyperlinks to outside services and resources, the availability and content of which Emerald Products, Inc. does not control, any concerns regarding any such service or resource, or any hyperlink thereto, should be directed to the particular outside service or resource.
User CommentsWe welcome your comments about our company, products, and Web Site. However, any comments, feedback, notes, messages, ideas, suggestions or other communications (collectively “Comments”) sent to our Web Site shall be and remain the exclusive property of Emerald Products, Inc. Your submission of any such Comments shall constitute an assignment to Emerald Products, Inc. of all worldwide rights, titles and interests in all copyrights and other intellectual property rights in the Comments. Emerald Products, Inc. will be entitled to use, reproduce, disclose, publish and distribute any material you submit for any purpose whatsoever, without restriction and without compensating you in any way. For this reason, we ask that you not send us any comments that you do not wish to assign to us, including any confidential information or any original creative materials such as stories, product ideas, computer code, or original artwork.
Applicable Law Use of the Emerald Products, Inc. web site and purchases of products from Emerald Products, Inc. shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, without giving effect to its conflict of law provisions. You agree that any legal action or proceeding between you and Emerald Products, Inc. shall be brought exclusively in a federal or state court located in the County of Marin, California.
Emerald Energy, Inc. is committed to respecting your privacy and recognizing your need for appropriate protection and management of personal information you share with us (the phrase “personal information” means any information by which you can be identified, such as your name, mailing address, email address, telephone number, etc.). The purpose of this privacy policy is to inform you what personal information we may collect from you, how we use such information, and the choices you have regarding our use of, and your ability to review and correct, the information. This policy applies only to customers in the United States.
As a part of our commitment to your privacy, Emerald Products, Inc. support and adhere to the guidelines and practices adopted by the Direct Marketing Association’s “Privacy Promise to American Consumers.” We have agreed to (1) provide customers with notice of their ability to opt out of information rental, sale, or exchange with other marketers; (2) honor customers’ requests not to share their information with other marketers; and (3) honor customers’ requests not to receive mail, telephone, or other solicitations from Emerald Products, Inc.
Collecting Information About YouThere may be times (such as when you purchase or order a product, subscribe to a service, register to receive catalogs, or to participate in contests, sweepstakes or promotions, etc.) when we ask you to provide certain information about yourself, such as your name, shipping/billing address, telephone number, email address, credit card information, birth date, gender, occupation, personal interests, etc. We may also maintain a record of your product purchases.
Whether or not to provide such information is completely your own choice. But if you choose not to provide the information we request, you may be unable to purchase products, or access certain services, offers and content on our web site. In addition, we may need to contact you via phone, email, or mail to address questions or issues specific to your order, entry, etc., even if you have opted to not receive communications from us.
In general, you can visit many of our web pages without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself. We may track the Internet domain address from which people visit us and analyze this data for trends and statistics, but individual users will remain anonymous, unless you voluntarily tell us who you are.
Using Information About YouWe use the personal information you provide for internal purposes, such as confirming and tracking your order, subscription or registration, analyzing trends and statistics, informing you of our new products, services and offers, and providing you with information from and about Emerald Products, Inc. From time to time we might establish a business relationship with other persons or entities whom we believe trustworthy and whom we have asked to confirm that their privacy policies are consistent with ours. These are known as our Select Partners. In such cases we might share and cross-reference information, including personal information about you that will enable such persons or entities to contact you regarding products and services that may be of interest to you.
We may contract with companies or persons to provide certain services including credit card processing, shipping, data management, promotional services, etc. We call them our Service Providers. We provide our Service Providers with the information needed for them to perform these services. We also ask our Service Providers to confirm that their privacy practices are consistent with ours.
Although unlikely, in certain instances we may disclose your personal information when we have reason to believe that it is necessary to identify, contact, or bring legal action against persons or entities who may be causing injury to you, to Emerald Products, Inc. or to others. We may also disclose your personal information when we believe the law requires it.
Editing, Updating, Correcting, and Deleting Information About YouWe want to communicate with you only if you want to hear from us. If you prefer not to receive information from Emerald Products, Inc. or from our Select Partners please let us know by contacting us. Please be sure to include your email address, mailing address, full name, and specifically what information you do not want to receive. If you would like to update or correct your email address, mailing address or other personal information with us please contact us the same way.
Please note that any requests to remove or update your personal information may take up to ten days for your email request and 6-8 weeks to process your postal mail request.
Our Commitment To Data SecurityTo prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Protecting ChildrenEmerald Products, Inc. takes special care to protect the safety and privacy of children. Our web site is a general audience sites. We do not permit anyone under the age of 13 to register with us. We also do not send email correspondence to anyone who tells us that they are under the age of 13 without their parent’s consent.
Children under the age of 13 should always ask their parents or guardians for permission before providing any personal information to anyone online. We urge parents and guardians to participate in their children’s online activities and use parental control or other web filtering technology to supervise children’s access to the web.
CookiesOur web sites use “cookies.” A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive. Generally, we use cookies to remind us of who you are, tailor our products and services to suit your personal interests, estimate our audience size, assist our online merchants to track visits to and sales at our sites and to process your order, track your status in our promotions, contests and sweepstakes, and/or analyze your visiting patterns. You can generally set your browser to not accept cookies or to notify you when you are sent a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it.
We may contract with third parties who may use cookies and collect information on our behalf. These third parties are prohibited by our contract with them from sharing that information with anyone other than us or our Service Providers.
SecurityWe take precautions, including use of sophisticated encryption and authentication tools, to protect the security of your personal information that you share with us. Unfortunately, however, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit to or from our web sites, and you do so at your own risk.
We urge you to keep your password in a safe place and not to divulge it to anyone. Also remember to log off your account and close your browser window when you have finished your visit. This is to ensure that others cannot access your account, especially if you are sharing a computer with someone else or are using a computer in a public place such as a library or Internet cafe.
Links to Third Party SitesOur web sites may contain links to web sites operated and maintained by third parties, over which we have no control. Privacy policies on such linked sites may be different from our privacy policy. You access such linked sites at your own risk. You should always read the privacy policy of a linked site before disclosing any personal information on such site.
Policy ChangesIf we decide to change our privacy policy in whole or in part, we will inform you by posting a notice on our web site. Those changes will go into effect on the date posted in the notice. The new policy will apply to all current and past users of our web site and will replace any prior policies that are inconsistent. This policy was posted on December 8, 2010.
Your FeedbackTo help us improve our privacy policy and practice, please give us your feedback. You may email us or write to us at Emerald Products, Inc., 124 Pine St, San Anselmo, CA, 94960.
Copyright 1992-2017 Emerald Products, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Emerald Energy® is a registered trademark of Emerald Products, Inc.
All of the Content on this website is subject to copyright, trademark, service mark, trade dress and other intellectual property rights or licenses held by Emerald Products, Inc. Your use of the trademarks, service marks, trade dress and copyrighted material displayed on this website is strictly prohibited. You may download, print and store selected portions of the Content, provided you (1) only use these copies of the Content for your own personal, non-commercial use, (2) do not copy or post the Content on any network computer or broadcast the Content in any media, and (3) do not modify or alter the Content in any way, or delete or change any copyright or trademark notice. No right, title or interest in any downloaded materials is transferred to you as a result of any such downloading. Emerald Products, Inc. reserves complete title and full intellectual property rights in any Content you download from this Web site. Except as noted above, you may not copy, download, reproduce, modify, publish, distribute, transmit, transfer or create derivative works from the Content.
Use left/right arrows to navigate the slideshow or swipe left/right if using a mobile device
Choosing a selection results in a full page refresh.
Press the space key then arrow keys to make a selection.