https://emilitarycoins.com/about/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
eMilitaryCoins, LLC is committed to maintaining the integrity and privacy of information given to it by its consumers and employees. While information is a cornerstone in our ability to provide superior products and services, our most important asset is the trust of our consumers and employees. We understand the importance that trust plays in relationships and are committed to keeping the trust of our consumers and employees each and every day.
This Privacy Commitment and the supportive implementation practices will help ensure that eMilitaryCoins, LLC continues to earn consumer and employee trust through its protection of vital information and compliance with appropriate legal standards.
eMilitaryCoins, LLC Privacy Promise to its Consumers and Employees
eMilitaryCoins, LLC’s first objective is to protect as private any information provided to it by its consumers and/or employees and it will use such information only for the purposes for which it is provided. When information is required, the Company will provide appropriate reasons for the data collection and will ensure the proper retention security thereof.
eMilitaryCoins, LLC ascribes to principles of privacy in the protection of consumer and employee information that will transcend local legal mandates, and will meet the legal obligations defined in each of its location in region of the world. eMilitaryCoins, LLC will routinely review, update and expand its privacy protections as befits its broad support of consumer and employee status around the world.
eMilitaryCoins, LLC information systems will be designed and maintained to provide maximum security from unauthorized access. Individuals using consumer or employee data will be trained in its appropriate use and will be routinely audited to ensure compliance with necessary standards of conduct.
eMilitaryCoins, LLC will not share information with third parties unless that transfer of information is necessary for completion of required business operations and will, at all times, comply with relevant law and privacy regulations. Third parties acting on behalf of the Company will be required to comply with our privacy policy when acting on eMilitaryCoins, LLC generated information.
Consumers and employees will have the opportunity to review information retained by the Company about them and how to notify us regarding errors that we will promptly correct.
eMilitaryCoins, LLC will adopt reasonable and effective measures to ensure the protection of consumer and employee information. The President of the company will have full accountability to promulgate and enforce these protective activities.
The owner of eMilitaryCoins, LLC will oversee periodic audits of company compliance with regional privacy policy and will report annually compliance and necessary policy modifications when requested.
eMilitaryCoins, LLC has a covenant of trust with its consumers and employees, and we will maintain it.
See our Order Guide for assistance with your order or estimate.
Have questions about your custom order?
Contact Us