https://emperorsherbologist.com/cart/privacy.html
Your BasketYour basket is empty.Your AccountLogin / RegisterChange Currency Emperor's Herbologist uses cookies. For more detailed information about these cookies please see our privacy policy. Please accept to continue or block all non-essential cookies.
$0.00Your BasketYour basket is empty. Added to Basketface9e0fe487bc3a71c99c78f10c891d $ USDLogin / RegisterAdvanced SearchPlease enter a search keywordAdvanced SearchPlease enter a search keywordShop by Category Shop by CategorySteviaSteviaStevia LeafStevia Extract: SteviosidePearl ProductsChocolateSupplementsSupplementsGlucose BalanceStevia Extract: SteviosideStevia LeafGift CardsSale ItemsBackHomePrivacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Privacy Pledge and Policy Privacy Pledge Getting over 100 SPAMS per day, we understand just how aggravating they UCE (Unsolicited Commercial Email) can be. Your privacy is very important to us.   We pledge NEVER to sell, loan, or rent your email address, or any other information about you. We pledge not to badger you with numerous "Special Offers." etc. We pledge to respect your time, privacy, and email box like we do our own. Emperor’s Herbologist is a quality conscious Natural Health and Beauty products brand owned by SMARTER HEALTH CORPORATION It is run by SMARTER HEALTH CORPORATION At Emperor’s Herbologist and SMARTER HEALTH CORPORATION, we are committed to protecting your privacy. We use the information we collect about you to process orders. Please read on for more details about our privacy policy.  What Information do we collect and why? When you order, we need to know your name, e-mail address, mailing address, credit card number, and expiration date. This allows us to process and fulfill your order and to notify you of your order status. When you enter a contest or other promotional feature, we may ask for your name, address, and e-mail address so we can administer the contest and notify winners. If you join a bulletin board, or wish to have comments on one of our products posted on our site. We will not post your personal information, only your comments, and possibly first name or initials city, state and country unless you ask us to post more. We monitor customer traffic patterns and site usage to help us develop the design and layout of the store. We may also use the information we collect to occasionally notify you about important functionality changes to the Web site, new emperorsherbologist.com services, and special offers we think you'll find valuable. If you would rather not receive this information, Fill in this formAbout IP Addresses An IP address is a number that's automatically assigned to your computer whenever you're surfing the Web. Web servers the big computers that "serve" up Web pages automatically identify your computer by its IP address. When visitors request pages from Emperor’s Herbologist's site, our servers log the visitors' IP addresses. We do ot link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable. This means that a user's session will be logged, but the user remains anonymous to us. Unless the visitor is purchasing or entering an order. Then the IP address may be used to match the order to the credit card for purposes of verification to prevent fraud. See Security policy.How does Emperor’s Herbologist.com and  SMARTER HEALTH CORPORATION protect customer information? When you place orders or access your account information, we offer the use of a secure server. The secure server software (SSL) encrypts all information you input before it is sent to us. Furthermore, all of the customer data we collect is protected against unauthorized access.Will Emperor’s Herbologist.com or SMARTER HEALTH CORPORATION  disclose the information it collects to outside parties? Emperor’s Herbologist.com and SMARTER HEALTH CORPORATION do not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to others. We may choose to do so in the future with trustworthy third parties, but you can tell us not to by sending Filling out this form (If you use more than one e-mail address to shop with us, send this message from each e-mail account you use.) Also, emperorsherbologist.com and/or SMARTER HEALTH CORPORATION may provide aggregate statistics about our customers, sales, traffic patterns, and related site information to reputable third-party vendors, but these statistics will include no personally identifying information.Your consent By using our Web site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by emperorsherbologist.com and SMARTER HEALTH CORPORATION If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.Policies for Individuals Under 13 SMARTER HEALTH CORPORATION and emperorsherbologist.com encourage parents and guardians to spend time online with their children and to participate in the interactive activities offered on the Internet. No information should be submitted to or posted at SHC or emperorsherbologist.com Web sites by visitors under 13 years of age without the consent of their parent or guardian. Unless otherwise disclosed during collection, SHC or emperorsherbologist.com do not provide any personally identifying information, regardless of its source, to any third party for any purpose whatsoever. All registrants receive e-mail confirming their Registration. In addition, when a visitor under 13 registers, his/her parent or guardian receives an e-mail communicating that Registration and providing instructions on how the parent could delete the Registration if so desired. No information collected from visitors under 13 years of age is used for any marketing or promotional purposes whatsoever, either inside or outside SHC. We do not post Customer e-mail addresses on SHC or emperorsherbologist.com Web sites unless requested to by customer. Due to the amount of spam on the Internet we strongly discourage posting of Email addresses. It is our goal to make your visits to our sites easy and enjoyable.Links to Other Sites Visitors should be aware that when you are on SHC or emperorsherbologist.com URLs you could be directed to other sites that are beyond our control. There are links to other sites from SHC or emperorsherbologist.com pages that take you outside our service. For example, if you click on a banner advertisement or a search result, the click takes you off the SHC or emperorsherbologist.com site. This includes links from advertisers, sponsors, and partners that may use SHC’s or emperorsherbologist.com's logo as part of a co-branding agreement. As well as any link on any page that has links on it. These other sites may send their own cookies to users, collect data, or solicit personal information. Always be aware of where you end up. Please keep in mind that whenever you give out personal information online for example: on message boards or chat – that information can be collected and used by people you don’t know. While SHC and emperorsherbologist.com strives to protect its visitors personal information and privacy, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you disclose online, and you do so at your own risk. Featured ProductJAJA Stevioside 1 oz $19.95Best SellersJAJA Stevioside 1 oz $19.95Glucose Balance™ $29.95JAJA Pearl Powder™ - 1 oz bottle $35.95JAJA Stevisoide - 8 Oz $64.98Organic JAJA Cocoa Powder 16oz (1 lb)$15.99 $12.89Honey Stevia Leaf™ Tea - 24 tea bags$12.98 $9.98JAJA Stevisoide 1 Kg $199.96JAJA Stevioside 1/2 Kg $109.98JAJA Pearl Powder™ - ½ Kg Bulk $184.80JAJA Pearl Powder™ 1 Kg Bulk $342.10On SaleOrganic JAJA Cocoa Powder 16oz (1 lb)$15.99 $12.89Honey Stevia Leaf™ Tea - 24 tea bags$12.98 $9.98 TopeCommerce by CubeCart