http://enell.com/pages/privacy-policy
Search
Close menu
SHOP
ENELL SPORT
ENELL RACER BRA
ENELL LITE BRA
SALE
MORE
GIFT CARD
UNSHAKABLE TEE
SOAK WASH
FITTING
BLOG
Log in
Create account
ENELL protects your privacy
We respect your privacy, and take great care to safeguard information in our possession. This Privacy Policy is designed to help you understand what information we gather and how we use it. In our ongoing effort to improve the products, services and features we provide to our customers, Enell, Inc. will continue to implement new technologies from time to time. As a result, this policy is subject to change without prior notice, and we will post any revision on this Web site. We encourage you to review our Privacy Policy periodically. When you do business with us or use our Website, you accept this Privacy Policy.
Personal Information
Personal information includes the person’s name, address, telephone number, email address, and information about the person’s activities and purchases. Personal information may also include sensitive information, such as your credit card number.
When you create an ENELL Account, and whenever you purchase products from our Website we collect and store your personal and transactional information in our customer database. This information is generally used to process your transactions, and respond to your requests. You may also receive e-mail communications from us about new products and services, discounts, special promotions or upcoming events.
Secure shopping and personal information
We understand that many consumers are concerned about Internet security. Enell, Inc. employs industry-leading technologies to store sensitive information and protect it while in transit over the Internet. We want you to be able to shop online at www.enell.com with complete confidence. If for any reason you feel uncomfortable shopping with us online, we invite you to stop by a retailer or secure payment by phone: 1.800.828.7661 Monday through Friday, 9 a.m. through 5 p.m., Mountain Time.
Privacy policy changes
This Privacy Policy replaces all previous disclosures we may have provided you about our information practices. We reserve the right to change this policy and to apply any changes to previously collected information as permitted by law. If our information practices change in the future, we will notify you by posting the changes on our Website. This Privacy Policy was last updated on 11/12/08.