https://engrave-a-remembrance.com/cart/index.php?main_page=privacy
Privacy/Security Notice : ENGRAVE-A-REMEMBRANCE, custom engraved gifts - champagne gift sets, bottles and glasses
Home
Online Catalog
Blog
Categories
Champagne Bottle Gift Sets
Champagne Bottle Gifts
Champagne Toasting Glasses
Carafes & Decanters
Featured Products ...
All Products ...
Gift Box Examples
Information
Shipping & Returns
Privacy Notice
Privacy/Security Notice
Privacy Policy
At Engrave-A-Remembrance, we are committed to
protecting the privacy of our customers, which is
why we do not give, sell, rent, or loan any personal
identifiable information regarding our customers to
any third party. When you order, we need to know
your name, email address, mailing address, phone
numbers, credit card number and expiration date.This allows us to process and fulfill your order and
to notify you if needed.
We may also use the information we collect to
notify you about important functionality changes to
the Web site, ENGRAVE-A-REMEMBRANCE.com services and
special offers we think you'll find valuable.
Feel free to email us at sales@engrave-a-remembrance.com with any
questions you might have.
Secure Online Ordering
At Engrave-A-Remembrance,
we are committed to protecting the privacy of our
customers, which is why we do not give, sell, rent,
or loan any personal identifiable information
regarding our customers to any third party. When you
order, we need to know your name, email address,
mailing address, phone numbers, credit card number
and expiration date.This allows us to process and
fulfill your order and to notify you if needed.
We may also use the information we collect to notify
you about important functionality changes to the Web
site, ENGRAVE-A-REMEMBRANCE.com services and special
offers we think you'll find valuable.
Feel free to email us at
sales@engrave-a-remembrance.com with any
questions you might have.
Engrave-A-Remembrance.com offers unique custom engraved champagne gifts
ENGRAVE-A-REMEMBRANCE, Inc.
28555 Flanders
- Warren, Michigan 48088
Phone: (586)772-7480 - E-Mail:
sales@engrave-a-remembrance.com
We accept the following major Credit Cards:
Copyright © 2020 ENGRAVE-A-REMEMBRANCE, Inc. - Powered by GrossePointe.com LLC