https://enitharmon.co.uk/privacy-policy/
PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy sets out how Enitharmon Editions uses and processes data from our visitors and customers.
Enitharmon Editions is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected.
Enitharmon Editions may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page whenever visiting the website to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
This policy is effective from 24 April 2018.
Enitharmon Editions is a limited company registered in the United Kingdom.
If you have any questions or queries about this policy please use the contact information at the bottom of this policy.
WHAT KIND OF INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT AND PROCESS?
When browsing our website
We collect data using Google Analytics that tracks our visitors’ behaviour on our website, which provides insight into ways we can improve the usability of the website. This information is also used for internal reporting purposes. Google Analytics uses cookies to track this information but Google Analytics has been customised to be anonymised in accordance with GDPR.
Mailing List
In order to sign up to our mailing list you only need to provide your email address. Using this you can update your subscription preferences at any time or unsubscribe altogether. The option to do this is linked from every email you receive from us.
Buying a Product Online
When buying a product online you will be required to provide your name, email address, delivery and billing address in order to fulfill your order.
WHAT DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA FOR?
We use your personal data, including any of the personal data listed above, for the following purposes:
We primarily use email as our main communication method. We offer the ability to tailor what we email you by updating your preferences.
In order to fulfill an order you have made online, in store or over the phone
To develop new products and services and to review and improve current products and services
To comply with legal and regulatory obligations, requirements and guidance
The website collects some anonymous information about you automatically as you move through the site. This information is used to help us monitor how you and other visitors use the site, allowing us to provide an improved service throughout the site.
HOW WE COLLECT YOUR DATA
We collect different information about you in a number of ways:
Information you give us
When you buy products or sign up to our newsletter we will store the personal information you give to us such as your name, email address, postal address and telephone number. We will also keep a record of your purchases and orders.
Automated technologies or interactions
As you interact with our website, we may automatically collect Technical Data about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns. We collect this personal data by using cookies and other similar technologies.
Information from third parties
We occasionally receive information about you from third parties as set out below:
Analytics providers such as Google
Advertising networks such as Facebook
Search information providers such as Google AdWords
WHAT ARE THE LEGAL GROUNDS FOR OUR PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Where we need to perform the contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you (i.e. purchasing a product)
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests and/or for your interests and where fundamental rights do not override those interests.
Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.
Where we have your explicit consent before using your personal information in that specific situation.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR DETAILS TO THIRD PARTIES
There are certain circumstances under which we may disclose your personal information to third parties.
For instance to our service providers who process data on our behalf and on our instructions (for example our website service providers). We require all third parties to respect the privacy of your personal information and to treat it in accordance with the law.
We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal information for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal information for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
HOW AND WHEN CAN YOU WITHDRAW YOUR CONSENT?
Where we’re relying upon your consent to process personal data, you can withdraw this at any time by contacting us using the details below.
FOR HOW LONG IS YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION RETAINED BY US?
Depending on the level of information we hold on you and the purposes of holding that information will determine how long we retain data for.
We may require to hold on to information for internal accounting and reporting purposes for a number of years but any data that is out of date or inactive will be removed from our systems in the future.
WHAT ARE YOUR RIGHTS UNDER DATA PROTECTION LAWS?
Here is a list of the rights that all individuals have under data protection laws. They don’t apply in all circumstances. If you wish to use any of them, we’ll explain at that time if they are engaged or not.
The right to be informed about the processing of your personal information
The right to have your personal information corrected if it is inaccurate and to have incomplete personal information completed
The right to object to processing of your personal information
The right to restrict processing of your personal information
The right to have your personal information erased (the “right to be forgotten”)
The right to request access to your personal information and to obtain information about how we process it
The right to move, copy or transfer your personal information (“data portability”)
You have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office which enforces data protection laws: https://ico.org.uk/.
Your right to object
You have the right to object to certain purposes for processing, in particular to data processed for direct marketing purposes and to data processed for certain reasons based on our legitimate interests. You can contact us using the information below to exercise these rights.
No fee usually required
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal information (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
What we may need from you
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal information (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal information is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
Time limit to respond
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
SECURITY
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure,we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and other procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
COOKIES
A cookie is a text-only string of information that a website transfers to the cookie file of the browser on your computer’s hard disk so that the website can remember who you are.
A cookie will typically contain the name of the domain from which the cookie has come, the ‘lifetime’ of the cookie, and a value, usually a randomly generated unique number.
Managing cookies
Most web browsers allow you to control the cookies stored on your computer through your browser’s settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been stored and how to manage and delete them, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org/
Removing or disabling cookies
You may choose to remove or block cookies at any time by adjusting your browser settings, but in some cases, this may impact your experience of our website.
CONTACTING US
You may contact us by email or phone in matters relating to any of the above using the following details:
Email: info@enitharmon.co.uk
Post:
Enitharmon Editions
10 Bury Place
London
WC1A 2JL
We are open but due to Coronavirus we are running on a reduced staff and there may be delays to orders placed Dismiss