http://eoils.net/privacy-policy
Cart (0)
Register / Login
Blog
Home
Products
Essential Oils
Facial Oils & Masks
Hydrosols
Massage & Body Oils
Base Materials
Goddess Collection
Pure Essential Oil Blends
Zodiac Blends
Herbal products
Ritual Blends
About Us
Contact
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how Emily's Oils uses and protects any information that you give Emily's Oils when you use this website. Emily's Oils is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
name
contact information including email address
demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Controlling your personal information
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. If you want to bypass this automatic data collection that allows the website to recognize you and allow you to log in on subsequent visits, you can always just browse the products and place an order with Emily directly by phone.You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to Emily's Oils & Essentials PO Box 2354, Fair Oaks, CA 95628.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Privacy Policy|
Terms & Conditions|
Site Map
© 2020 Emily's Oils & Essentials. Designed by LOJO
[profiler]Memory usage: real: 18612224, emalloc: 18310472Code ProfilerTimeCntEmallocRealMem