http://equiltpatterns.com/terms-of-use/
Search
Home
About Us
Terms of Use
Terms of Use
Introduction
This website, and all other ZDP Media Group, Inc. websites, including but not limited to www.eQuiltPatterns.com and www.quiltswithstyle.com, which may be encountered via the Internet (individually a "Site" or collectively, the "Sites"), are operated by ZDP Media Group, Inc. ZDP provides its Sites to you subject to the following Terms of Use (the "Terms"). By using the Sites, you agree to be bound by the Terms. ZDP may, in its sole discretion, modify the Terms without notice to you. Therefore, please continue to review the Terms when using the Sites. By continuing to access and use the Sites after the Terms have been modified, you are agreeing to such modifications. In addition, when using particular services or features, or when ordering products on the Sites, you shall be subject to any posted guidelines or rules applicable to such services, features, products or orders that may be posted from time to time. All such guidelines or rules are hereby incorporated by reference into the Terms.
Description of Service
The Sites allow users to research, review, purchase, and/or order various entertainment, educational and other products featured on the Sites (collectively, the "Products"), including, but not limited to, eBooks, ePatterns, eQuiltPatterns, videos, and tutorials. The Sites also allow users to access ZDP customer accounts and download content. The services, features and products ZDP offers to users on the Sites may be referred to herein collectively as the "Services." Unless expressly stated otherwise, any new features or offerings on the Sites in the future that are added to or that augment or enhance the Services shall be considered part of the Services and subject to the Terms.
Purchasing Products
If you make a purchase from the Sites, you are transacting with ZDP, and your rights to any purchased items transfers to you immediately upon download. The purchase and download of any product or service from the Sites, is non-refundable and may not be returned. All sales of downloadable material are final.
Registration
You may be required to register for an account on the Sites in order to take advantage of certain features of the Sites, such as purchasing Products, using an online shopping cart, or using our Gift Certificates feature. If you choose to register on the Sites, or if you otherwise provide information on the Sites, you agree to (a) provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by the Sites, and (b) as permitted, maintain and promptly update such information to keep it true, accurate, current and complete. If you provide any information to ZDP that is false, inaccurate, outdated or incomplete, or if ZDP has reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is false, inaccurate, outdated or incomplete, ZDP has the right to suspend or terminate your account and to prohibit any and all current or future use of the Services (or any portion thereof) by you.
Privacy
Any registration or other information you provide to ZDP is subject to our Privacy Policy. For more information, see our Privacy Policy. Our Privacy Policy is hereby incorporated into the Terms by this reference.
Member Account and Password
If you choose to register for an account with ZDP you will create a username (your e-mail address) and password while completing the registration process. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the password and account, and are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your password or account. You agree to (a) immediately notify ZDP of any unauthorized use of your password or account or any other breach of security, and (b) ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session. ZDP (and its affiliated companies) cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with this section.
Proprietary Use of Site Materials
You acknowledge that all materials on the Sites, including, but not limited to, design, graphics, text, pictures, software and other files and the selection and arrangement thereof (the "Materials"), are subject to and protected under copyright, trademark and/or other intellectual property laws and rights. All copyrighted and copyrightable Materials are owned by ZDP, all rights reserved. ZDP authorizes you to view and download the Materials only for personal, non-commercial use, provided that you keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the original Materials.Except as stated herein, you may not copy, reproduce, distribute, republish, perform, display, post, transmit, frame, or otherwise use any of the Materials in any form or by any means, without the prior written permission of ZDP. You may not modify or adapt the Materials in any way or otherwise use them for any public or commercial purposes. You may not interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Sites, and you may not use any robot, spider, data miner, scraper, or other automated means to access the Sites for any purpose.
The trademarks, service marks, trade names, trade dress and logos (collectively, "Marks") contained or described on the Sites (including, without limitation, ZDP Media Group, Quilts with Style, eQuiltPattern, eQuiltPatterns.com, and any Marks associated with any Products) are the sole property of ZDP and may not be copied, imitated, framed, or otherwise used, in whole or in part, without the prior written permission of ZDP. In addition, all page headers, custom graphics, button icons and scripts are Marks of ZDP and may not be copied, imitated or otherwise used, in whole or in part, without the prior written permission of ZDP. ZDP Media Group will enforce its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law.
Submissions
In the event that ZDP provides users with any venues to submit opinions, reviews, ratings, information, ideas, suggestions, or other material (collectively, "Submissions") on the Sites (collectively, "Venues," and including, but not limited to blogs, bulletin boards, chat rooms, surveys or invitations to e-mail ZDP with questions or comments), you agree and warrant that any such Submissions are original with you and are accurate and current. You agree and warrant that you will not submit any Submission that is unlawful, harmful, harassing, threatening, abusive, hateful, libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, profane, vulgar, indecent, sexually explicit or otherwise objectionable, or that would constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, violate any third party's rights of privacy or publicity or otherwise violate any applicable law or right. You agree and warrant that you will not submit any Submission that is protected by copyright, patent, or other proprietary rights without obtaining permission of the owner of such rights. You further agree that all moral rights that you may have in any submitted content have been voluntarily waived by you.
You agree that any Submissions submitted by you to the Sites through the Venues or otherwise will be deemed non-proprietary and non-confidential, and may be used by ZDP without restriction. Without limiting the foregoing, by offering any Submissions through the Sites, you grant to ZDP the worldwide, perpetual, royalty-free, irrevocable, nonexclusive right and license to reproduce, modify, edit, publish, display, perform, adapt, distribute, sublicense and otherwise use and exploit such Submissions (and any and all proprietary rights therein that you may have) in any and all forms and media, now or hereafter discovered, without compensation or attribution to you.
ZDP reserves the right, in our sole discretion, to edit any Submission, and to choose to include or not include such Submission in any Venue for any reason. ZDP is not responsible for screening, monitoring or verifying any Submissions. Any opinions, statements or other material expressed or posted by third parties are those of such third parties and not of ZDP. ZDP does not endorse, and shall not be responsible or liable for, any such opinion, statement or other material posted on or accessible through the Sites.
Intended Audience
Unless otherwise specified, the Materials are presented solely for the purpose of promoting products available in the United States and its territories and possessions. ZDP controls and operates the Sites from its offices located in the Commonwealth of Virginia in the United States of America. ZDP makes no representation that Materials contained on the Sites are appropriate or available for use in other locations. Those who choose to access the Sites from other locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable.
ZDP does not intend its Sites and/or Services to be used by individuals under the age of 18 without the supervision of a parent or guardian 18 years of age or older. ZDP relies upon parents or guardians 18 years of age or older to determine if the Sites and/or Services are appropriate for the viewing, access, or purchase by such individuals under the age of 18. If an individual under the age of 18 uses the ZDP Sites and/or the Services, such individual may only use the Sites and/or Services under the supervision of a parent or guardian 18 years of age or older.
Termination
ZDP reserves the right, without notice and at its sole discretion, to suspend or terminate the Terms and/or your ability to access or use the Sites and/or Services, and to block or prevent future access to and use of the Sites and/or Services for any reason, including your breach of the Terms or other conduct by you that ZDP considers inappropriate. ZDP reserves the right at any time and from time to time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Sites and/or Services (or any part thereof) with or without notice. You agree that neither ZDP nor any of its subsidiary companies shall be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the Sites and/or Services.
Governing Law
The Terms shall be exclusively governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia within the United States of America without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law. If any provision of the Terms shall be unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from the Terms and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. ZDP makes no representation that the Terms comply with the laws of any other country. Visitors who use the Sites and/or Services and reside outside the United States do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable. By virtue of your use of the Site(s), you agree not to transfer, by electronic transmission or otherwise, any Materials derived from the Sites and/or Services in violation of any laws.
Notices
By use of the Sites and/or Services, you consent to receive electronic communications from ZDP (via email or via a posting on the Sites), and you agree that any such communications satisfy any legal requirement to make such communications in writing. If you have any comments or questions regarding these Terms of Use, or wish to report any violation of these Terms of Use, please contact us. ZDP will address any issue to the best of our abilities as soon as possible.
OK