http://equiltpatterns.com/privacy-policy/
Search
Home
About Us
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
We do not sell, rent, loan or trade mailing lists, whether electronic or postal. All e-mail from eQuiltPatterns.com is either on an "opt-in" basis (for newsletters) or in direct response to an e-mail request or an order we've received. If you no longer wish to receive newsletters from us, please contact us and let us know that you no longer wish to be on our mailing list.
eQuiltPatterns.com collects personal identifying information only when guests knowingly provide such information when placing an order for products, or along with submissions of information that you voluntarily provide. Information provided will be used for internal company purposes, including marketing and promotions, and will not be shared with any third parties. We do not sell, rent, loan, trade or otherwise disclose your personal identifying information to any third parties unless release of the information is required by law. We may monitor and maintain statistics on the general usage of the website. eQuiltPatterns.com may use this basic information to assist in developing a better website for our customers. When you visit our site, our web server automatically logs your requests, but this does not allow us to identify you as an individual. eQuiltPatterns.com also uses cookies to record information about items you order during a session, but we do not use cookies in conjunction with personal or credit card information.
To place an order at eQuiltPatterns.com, you must create an account. When creating an account, eQuiltPatterns.com may collect and store some or all of the following: your name, e-mail address, password, shipping/billing address(es), and contact phone number(s). We will use your account information and your credit card information to process your current order. We may use your account information for future orders, and to contact you regarding the status of your orders. We may also maintain your order history for our internal records. We will not share your account information with any third parties unless release of the information is required by law. For your protection, your credit card information is not stored on our servers.We regularly review our privacy policy to make sure that we best serve the needs of our customers. We reserve the right to change and update the privacy policy, and these changes will be posted on our website. Please visit this page from time to time to ensure you are aware of any changes we may have made. Policy effective January 1, 2018.
OK