https://equimeasure.com/policies/
Skip to main content
Policies
The EQUImeasure Mission
EQUImeasure Incorporated’s mission is to provide innovative, high-quality products that can improve the health and performance of equines and their companions.
Photography
The professional photography found in EQUImeasure Incorporated promotional materials is provided by the following:
Linda Sherrill – Justus Photography
62890 Balk Road
Sturgis, MI 49091
(616) 651-3635
sweau@msn.com
www.arabiansites.com/equinephoto/justus.htm
Pat Gordon
5640 SR 333
London, AR 72847
(501) 293-4642
MolliesRus@Arkansas.net
Top Stock
33855 La Plata Ln
Pine, CO 80470
(303) 838-2203
Privacy Policy
We respect your privacy. EQUImeasure Incorporated will not sell, exchange, or otherwise disclose Site Visitor identities or personal information to any outside party. EQUImeasure Incorporated may, for internal use only, analyze information about Customer demographics in any way that does not disclose individual Customer identities or personal information.
All personal payment information disclosed to EQUImeasure Incorporated during a sales transaction will remain with EQUImeasure Incorporated and WILL NOT BE sold, exchanged, or otherwise disclosed to any outside party.
Feedback Policy
Any and all text messages, postcards, email, letters, cards, ideas, photographs, and other items you submit to EQUImeasure Incorporated (collectively called “Comments”) will become and remain property of EQUImeasure Incorporated. Any disclosure, submission, or offer of Comments will be understood as a transfer of global rights, ownership, or interest in all intellectual property in the Comments. EQUImeasure Incorporated will exclusively own all rights and interests of said Comments, and shall not be limited in any way to their use, commercial or non-commercial. EQUImeasure Incorporated is not obligated in any way to maintain Comments in confidence, to respond to, or to compensate a Site Visitor for any Comments submitted.
Customer Testimonials
If you should submit Comments to EQUImeasure Incorporated in the form of a Product Testimonial, you may be asked for permission to use said Comments in EQUImeasure Incorporated advertising, information, and publicity. EQUImeasure Incorporated will not utilize your testimonial comments in any way until we have received a signed release form, sent by EQUImeasure Incorporated, returned by you. EQUImeasure Incorporated will pay all postage associated with sending and returning the release form.
EQUImeasure Incorporated reserves the right to use your first name and state of residence when identifying Comments on the Customer Testimonials page unless specifically requested otherwise.
EQUImeasure Incorporated Customer Service
We at EQUImeasure believe it is a privilege to serve you, our customer. We promise to provide you extraordinary service throughout your purchase experience.
Your feedback and suggestions are truly appreciated. Service Representatives are available from 8:00-4:00 Mountain Time Monday thru Thursday to hear your thoughts and ideas. Please see the Contact Us page for contact information.
Colors
Every attempt will be made by EQUImeasure Incorporated to display product color selections as accurately as possible in product literature and on the company Web Site. Customers should realize, however, that colors they may view in promotional literature and online may differ from the true color of the product.
Prices
EQUImeasure Incorporated product prices listed on this Site are available while supplies last and are subject to change without notice. All prices are quoted in U.S. dollars and are valid and effective as this currency only.
How to Order
You can order EQUImeasure Incorporated products using any of the following methods:
Telephone (877-595-0115)
Secure online site at www.equimeasure.com
Traditional mail
Methods of Payment
EQUImeasure will accept PayPal, American Express, Discover, MasterCard, and Discover credit cards, money orders, cashier’s check, business check.
Canadian Customers
To simplify the exchange on the dollar, please use an American Express, Discover, MasterCard, or Visa credit card , bank draft, or a Canadian Postal Money Order (payable in U.S. funds). Duties and Fees may be collected upon delivery.
Other Foreign Customers
You may pay in U.S. funds by PayPal, American Express, Discover, MasterCard, and Visa. Duties and Fees may be collected upon delivery.
Sales Tax
Wyoming residents must include 5% sales tax.
Shipping
Please call a Service Representative for available methods and prices.
Continental U.S.and Canada
By default, orders will be shipped via UPS Ground and UPS Standard. UPS Next Day and Second Day Air services are also available.
Alaska, Hawaii, APO/FPO
By default, orders will be shipped via UPS Ground or US Post Office.
All All Other Locations Worldwide
By default, orders will be shipped via USPS Global Express Mail.
Returns and Exchanges
As a customer you invest both your money and your trust in EQUImeasure products. We want you to be fully satisfied with your EQUImeasure investments.
An unused EQUImeasure Kit in original condition may be returned within 30 (thirty) days of manufacturer’s shipment subject to a 20% restocking fee.
All returns must be accompanied by an invoice sales receipt with all manufacturer’s labels and tags intact. Used, abused, or incomplete items may not be returned.
Follow the steps below to exchange your EQUImeasure Kit:
1.Contact Customer Service at service@equimeasure.com or 1-877-595-0115 for a Return Merchandise Authorization (RMA) number.
2.Package your item with a copy of your invoice and the RMA number.
EQUImeasure Incorporated 30-Day Limited Warranty
This Warranty covers any defects or malfunctions in your new EQUImeasure Kit due to either a defect in materials or workmanship. EQUImeasure Incorporated represents that each EQUImeasure Kit is new from the factory and that there will be no defects in materials or workmanship.
This Warranty begins on the date of shipment of the EQUImeasure Kit to the Direct Customer and continues for (30) thirty days.
If an EQUImeasure Kit fails to function properly when used as directed, due to either a defect in materials or workmanship, the Kit will be inspected by EQUImeasure Incorporated upon return of the product by the Customer. If EQUImeasure Incorporated determines that the EQUImeasure Kit did fail due to a defect in materials or workmanship, EQUImeasure Incorporated will exchange the Kit at the option and expense of EQUImeasure Incorporated.
Products with defects caused by accidental damage, misuse, modifications, negligence, failure to read and adhere to directions, and other causes beyond the control of EQUImeasure Incorporated ARE NOT covered by this policy. EQUImeasure Incorporated reserves a right of final determination of EQUImeasure Kit failure, be it a factory defect or a Customer-induced defect.
A Direct Customer must obtain a Return Merchandise Authorization (RMA) number from EQUImeasure Incorporated prior to returning an EQUImeasure Kit for exchange. Return shipment of an EQUImeasure Kit suspected of factory defect shall be at the Customer’s sole expense. EQUImeasure Incorporated is not responsible for any package lost or damaged during shipping.
If an EQUImeasure Kit is determined to be factory defective, EQUImeasure Incorporated will credit the Customer’s cost of return UPS ground shipping and ship a new EQUImeasure Kit within (5) five business days of receiving the defective product. The exchanged EQUImeasure Kit will be warranted for the full (30) days effective as of the date the exchanged Kit is shipped. This Warranty extends to EQUImeasure Incorporated’s direct customers only and is not assignable or transferable.
ANY EXPRESS WARRANTY NOT PROVIDED IN THIS WARRANTY DOCUMENT, AND ANY REMEDY FOR BREACH OF CONTRACT, BUT FOR THIS PROVISION, WHICH MIGHT ARISE BY IMPLICATION OR OPERATION OF LAW, IS EXCLUDED AND DISCLAIMED. THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND OF FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSED ARE EXPRESSLY LIMITED TO A TERM OF (30) THIRTY DAYS BEGINNING ON THE DATE OF SHIPMENT.
Product Disclaimer
EQUImeasure Incorporated, its office-bearers, committee-persons, members and servants or agents are absolved from all liability howsoever arising from damage or injury caused from the use of EQUImeasure Incorporated Products. Customers agree to defend and indemnify EQUImeasure Incorporated harmless from and against any and all damages, claims, costs, and other expenses arising from or related to their use of the Product(s).
For Customer and equine safety, as well as best Product results, all labels and directions
must be heeded and followed. No EQUImeasure Incorporated employee is authorized to offer information that deviates from official EQUImeasure directions and labels.
EQUImeasure Web Site Agreement
EQUImeasure Incorporated reserves the right to alter the rules directing use of this Site. EQUImeasure Incorporated also maintains the right to alter the look and content of this Site, including changing, moving, deleting, and/or adding components.
No responsibility is claimed by EQUImeasure Incorporated for the misuse of products or methods of use described on this Site. Information on this Site is intended to be accurate and correct, but Site Visitors should use their best judgment concerning any information or product offered on this Site.
Web Site Contents
All contents including logos, graphic images, designs, patterns, photos, audio, video,
text, and any other components that are included in this Site (known collectively as “Site Contents”) are trademarks, copyrights, and/or intellectual property owned and controlled by of EQUImeasure Incorporated.
These Site Contents are intended solely for the personal non-commercial use by Site
Visitors. Site Visitors are granted permission by EQUImeasure Incorporated to download Site Contents for personal informational use only. Site Visitors will not gain any right,
ownership, or interest as a result of downloading, copying, or using in any other way these
Site Contents. Site Visitors MAY NOT transmit, publish, display, reproduce, modify, develop creative works from, sell, trade, or participate in the exploit in any way of these Site
Contents.
Site Visitor Privacy
EQUImeasure Incorporated respects Site Visitor privacy. The company will not sell, exchange, or otherwise disclose Site Visitor identities or personal information to any outside party. EQUImeasure Incorporated may, for internal use only, analyze information about Customer demographics in any way that does not disclose individual Customer identities or personal information. All personal payment information disclosed to EQUImeasure Incorporated during a sales transaction will remain with EQUImeasure Incorporated and WILL NOT BE sold, exchanged, or otherwise disclosed to any outside party.
Termination of Site Use Agreement
The rules on this Site are effective unless and until terminated by EQUImeasure Incorporated or a Site Visitor. Site Visitors may terminate this Agreement at any time and without notice. Upon a Site Visitor‚s termination of this Agreement, that Site Visitor must immediately destroy all Content obtained from this Site, as well as all copies of such Content, whether made under the terms of this Agreement or otherwise. EQUImeasure Incorporated may terminate this Agreement at any time and without notice, denying a Site Visitor access to the Site if the company believes the Site Visitor has failed to comply with any term or provision of the Site rules.
About
Contact
Policies
© 2018 EQUImeasure Inc.
Site by Cheyenne Web Designs.