http://essentials4travel.com/privacy-policy/
Search for:
Home
Get in Touch
Technology
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
At essentials4travel.org, accessible from www.essentials4travel.org, one of our main priorities is the privacy of our visitors. This essentials4travel document contains types of information that is collected and recorded by essentials4travel.org and how we use it.
If you have additional questions or require more information about our essentials4travel, do not hesitate to contact us through email at admin@essentials4travel.org
Log Files
essentials4travel.org follows a standard procedure of using log files. These files log visitors when they visit websites. All hosting companies do this and a part of hosting services’ analytics. The information collected by log files include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date and time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks. These are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable. The purpose of the information is for analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users’ movement on the website, and gathering demographic information.
Privacy Policies
You may consult this list to find the essentials4travel for each of the advertising partners of essentials4travel.org.
Third-party ad servers or ad networks uses technologies like cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons that are used in their respective advertisements and links that appear on essentials4travel.org, which are sent directly to users’ browser. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. These technologies are used to measure the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see on websites that you visit.
Note that essentials4travel.org has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
Third Pary Privacy Policies
essentials4travel.org’s essentials4travel does not apply to other advertisers or websites. Thus, we are advising you to consult the respective Privacy Policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information. It may include their practices and instructions about how to opt-out of certain options. You may find a complete list of these Privacy Policies and their links here: essentials4travel Links.
You can choose to disable cookies through your individual browser options. To know more detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers, it can be found at the browsers’ respective websites. What Are Cookies?
Children’s Information
Another part of our priority is adding protection for children while using the internet. We encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in, and/or monitor and guide their online activity.
essentials4travel.org does not knowingly collect any Personal Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13. If you think that your child provided this kind of information on our website, we strongly encourage you to contact us immediately and we will do our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.
Online essentials4travel Only
This essentials4travel applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our website with regards to the information that they shared and/or collect in essentials4travel.org.
Consent
By using our website, you hereby consent to our essentials4travel and agree to its Terms and Conditions.
Search for:
Recent Posts
For What Reason Should You Get Bodyguard Training?
Tips for utilizing instagram automatic likes for Business Marketing
Instructions to Start Dropship Business in a Few Steps
Wildlife Removal Services – Important Things You Should Know
Instagram Page Marketing Plan – Steps to Creating a Strategy
Categories
Application
Automobile
Beauty
Business
Construction
Digital Marketing
Education
Entertainment
Fashion
Finance
Food
Furniture
Games
General
Health
Home
Home improvements
Insurance
Internet Marketing
Law
Marketing
News
Online Shopping
Pets
Real Estate
SEO
Shopping
Social Media
Software
Sports
Technology
Travel
Uncategorized
Web Design
Web Development
Meta
Log in
Entries feed
Comments feed
WordPress.org
Archives
December 2020
November 2020
October 2020
September 2020
August 2020
July 2020
June 2020
May 2020
April 2020
March 2020
February 2020
January 2020
December 2019
November 2019
October 2019
September 2019
August 2019
July 2019
June 2019
May 2019
April 2019
March 2019
February 2019
January 2019