https://estatesilver.com/privacy/
Bowls / Baskets / Epergnes / Centerpiece
Bowls/Baskets
Epergne
Glass Replacements
Candlesticks & Candelabra
Desk Items
Flatware / Silverware / Cutlery
Complete Sets
English
Fish & Fruit Sets
Georg Jensen
Serving Pieces
Single Place Pieces
Food Serving Items
Novelty, Animal, Smalls & Judaica
Plateaux
Tea & Coffee Items
Trays & Salvers
Trolleys
Trophies & Presentation Items
Uncategorized
Wine / Liquor & Bar Items
PRIVACY POLICY
INFORMATION COLLECTION NOTICE
Estate Silver Co., Ltd has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and use practices for the Estate Silver Co., Ltd website, www.estatesilver.com.
At Estate Silver Co., Ltd, we respect your right to privacy.
The personal information you exchange with Estate Silver Co., Ltd will not be shared, sold, or disclosed to third parties in any form, for any purposes, at any time. All contact and sales information including the information about services you purchase from us will remain confidential.
COOKIES
For each visitor to www.estatesilver.com, our web server automatically recognizes and stores information such as the visitor’s IP address/domain name combination, type of web browser, computer operating system (e.g., Windows or Mac OS), and any referring websites. When you visit www.estatesilver.com, our server sends a “cookie” to your browser. Cookies are small amounts of data that our website sends to your computer while you are visiting the website. This information gets stored on your computer’s hard drive and among other things, it allows our website to distinguish between visitors and analyze traffic patterns through www.estatesilver.com. Most web browser software automatically accepts cookies, but you can change your browser setting to prevent that if you do not wish to store the information on your computer. How to turn off all cookies differs for each web browser (e.g., Internet Explorer, Netscape, etc.) so you may wish to consult your browser’s “Help” menu for additional information.
Sign up for our newsletter
Receive exclusive offers and be the first to know of new arrivals