https://esuit.com/privacy-policy
Magento Commerce
Home
Mens Suits
Men's Suit PackagesMens Suit SeparatesBest Business SuitsBest Evening Out SuitsBest Interview SuitsBest All Purpose SuitStarter WardrobeBig & Tall SuitsBest Wedding Suits
Blazers & Sportcoats
Tuxedos
Coats
TopcoatsTrenchcoatsLeather CoatsOuterwear
Slacks & Jeans
Dress SlacksDesigner Jeans & Casual SlacksShorts
Dress Shirts
Sportshirts
Sweaters
Accessories
BeltsCufflinksTies
links
My Account
Daily deal
My Wishlist
Log In
Advanced Search
Search:
All Categories
Mens Suits
- Men's Suit Packages
- Mens Suit Separates
- Best Business Suits
- Best Evening Out Suits
- Best Interview Suits
- Best All Purpose Suit
- Starter Wardrobe
- Big & Tall Suits
- Best Wedding Suits
Blazers & Sportcoats
Tuxedos
Coats
- Topcoats
- Trenchcoats
- Leather Coats
- Outerwear
Slacks & Jeans
- Dress Slacks
- Designer Jeans & Casual Slacks
- Shorts
Dress Shirts
Sportshirts
Sweaters
Accessories
- Belts
- Cufflinks
- Ties
homepage_products_slide2
Compare (0)
You have no items to compare.
0item(s)
You have no items in your shopping cart.
Home
Mens Suits
Men's Suit PackagesMens Suit SeparatesBest Business SuitsBest Evening Out SuitsBest Interview SuitsBest All Purpose SuitStarter WardrobeBig & Tall SuitsBest Wedding Suits
Blazers & Sportcoats
Tuxedos
Coats
TopcoatsTrenchcoatsLeather CoatsOuterwear
Slacks & Jeans
Dress SlacksDesigner Jeans & Casual SlacksShorts
Dress Shirts
Sportshirts
Sweaters
Accessories
BeltsCufflinksTies
FeaturesHot!
Homepage Variations 1
Home Layout 1
Home Layout 2
Home Layout 3
Home Layout 4
Home Layout 5
Home Layout 6
Home Layout 7
Home Layout 8
Home Layout 9
Homepage Variations 2
Home Layout 10
Home Layout 11
Home Layout 12
Home Layout 13
Home Layout 14
Home Layout 15
Home Layout 16
Home Layout 17
Home RTL Layout
Home Full Ajax Layout
Shop Variations 1
Fullwidth Banner
Boxed Slider Banner
Boxed Image Banner
Left Sidebar
Right Sidebar
Ajax Infinite Scroll
2 Columns Products
3 Columns Products
4 Columns Products
5 Columns Products
6 Columns Products
7 Columns Products
8 Columns Products
Shop Variations 2
Product Page with Sidebar
Product Page without Sidebar
Product Page with Inner Zoom
Product Page with Outer Zoom
Product Page with Vertical Gallery
Product Page with Addtocart Sticky
Product Page with Vertical Tabs
Product Page with Accordion
Product Page with Moved Tabs
Configurable Sample Product
Bundle Sample Product
Grouped Sample Product
Headers
Header Type 1
Header Type 2
Header Type 3
Header Type 4
Header Type 5
Header Type 6
Header Type 7
Header Type 8
Header Type 9
Header Type 10
Header Type 11
Header Type 12
Header Type 13
Buy Porto!
Home
Privacy Policy
eSuit Privacy Policy
Short Form
• We respect your right to privacy.• We do not sell or share your information with anyone who doesn't need it to process your order (yes, we give the credit card company your information so they'll approve the order, and the shippers information so they'll drop it off at the right place, and of course, we'll use it if there's a question about your order, and that's about it).
Full Form
Information we collect:
a. We collect different types of information from anyone who visits our sites:
i. Personal information – this is information you provide to us in the course of ordering merchandise, submitting questions or submitting product reviews. This information includes name, billing and shipping address, phone numbers, email address & credit card information. This is all information you provide us so we can fulfill your order, answer your inquiry, or post your feedback.    ii. Computer tracking information – this includes         1. Cookies which are generated by our shopping cart which tells our shopping cart what you added to the cart, items you've looked at to provide a history for you, and other cookies for similar functionality.         2.Google and Bing tracking information which Google and Bing use to study if you clicked on our search engine ad and if you made a purchase. This information is aggregated which means we have no way of knowing what you personally did on our site, rather we learn how many people clicked on which ad and made a purchase of how much. We may also collect additional similar information such as how many people click on specific pages, use which browser, came from which search engine.
How we use this information:
a. Personal information is used to process your order, verify your credit card information, and, answer your inquiries.   b. We use your personal information to occasionally send email promotions or information that you have agreed to. You can unsubscribe from these eMailings at any time by sending us a note to inquiry@etuxedo.com or by clicking to “opt out” which is included in each of these emails.   c. Computer tracking information is used to maintain your shopping cart, study and pay our advertising bills, as well as assist our 3rd party fraud verification service in determining if an order is fraudulent.
Who we share your information with:
a. We know you have no interest in receiving junk mail from Viagara marketers or other shady outfits. Your personal information stays with us or our affiliate firm, Baron’s Wholesale Clothiers, Inc.   b. Personal information is shared to the extent necessary to fulfill your order. For instance, if your order is drop-shipped directly from one of our suppliers we will share your name and shipping information. Likewise, we will provide your shipping information to FedEx, UPS or other delivery firms. We will send your credit card information to our credit card processor for authorization and we may send your personal information to our 3rd party fraud verification service in order to determine if an order is fraudulent.   c. We may disclose your information to others if we have a good faith belief that we are required to do so by law or legal process, to respond to claims, or to protect the rights, property or safety of our personnel. We may disclose information to a third party should another company acquire us or part of our assets.
Linked internet web sites:
We may provide hyperlinks which when clicked will take you to a web site not run by Internet Ventures, LLC. We take no responsibility for any information these other sites collect or the content they provide.
Security:
We use secure server software (SSL) to encrypt your sensitive information. Your credit card information is scrambled by our shopping cart system and sent to Authorize.net (our credit card processor) who, in turn, tells us if the amount is approved and basic identity checks are passed.  We don't see your credit card nor is it stored in our systems.  This means we may need to call you for your credit card information to process returns or if you change your order,to collect for a different amount than you originally ordered. We shred documents with your personal information once we are done with them. We maintain records of each sale in order answer questions to you or your credit card company. While we have taken steps to protect your personal information, no system is perfect; therefore, Internet Ventures makes no representations or warranties with regard to the sufficiency of these security measures. Internet Ventures shall not be responsible for any actual or consequential damages that result from a lapse in compliance with this Privacy and Security Policy because of a security breach or technical malfunction. That said, we will always treat your information respectfully as we would want our information treated.
Applicable Law/International Issues:
Information that is submitted to this Site will be collected, processed, stored, disclosed and disposed of in accordance with applicable U.S. law. If you are a non-U.S. User, you acknowledge and agree that we may collect and use your Information, as discussed above, outside your resident jurisdiction. In addition, such Information may be stored on servers located outside your resident jurisdiction. U.S. law may not provide the degree of protection for Information that is available in other countries. By providing us with your Information, you acknowledge that you have read this Privacy Policy, understand it, agree to its terms and consent to the transfer of such Information outside your resident jurisdiction. If you do not consent to the terms of this Policy, please do not use this Site, but if you have already provided us with Information, please contact us at inquiry@etuxedo.com and let us know how you would like us to handle such information.
Amendments:
This Privacy Policy was last amended on April 26, 2018. We reserve the right to make changes at any time.
Contact information:
We can be reached to answer questions about our policies, products, and orders at:     27888 Orchard Lake Road    Farmington Hills, MI 48334     (888) 879-SUIT (7848)
My Account
About us
Shipping Policy
Return Policy
My Account
Privacy & Security
Confessions Of A Color-Blind Clothing Buyer
Advanced search
Contact Information
Address:520 W. 11 Mile Rd.Royal Oak, MI 48067
Phone:(888) 879-SUIT (7848)
Email:inquiry@eSuit.com
Working Days/Hours:Mon - Sun / 9:30AM - 6:00PM Eastern Time
Interesting Stuff
Sizing Guidelines
A Note On Dry Cleaning
How To Judge The Fit Of A Suit
Dictionary of Terms
Designer Listing
What That Invitation Means
Group Sales
BE THE FIRST TO KNOW
Get all the latest information on Events,Sales and Offers. Sign up for newsletter today.
Enter your e-mail Address
Submit
©Copyright 2016 by Internet Ventures LLC. All Rights Reserved.