http://ewfountains.com/orders-terms-privacy/
December 11, 2020
Posts
Comments
Home
Contact Us
Fountain Support
Orders / Terms / Privacy
Contact : Toll Free 678-660-3495
Orders / Terms / Privacy
Rodney Williams Owner/Operator
Elite World of Fountains
Address-720 old Atlanta hwy Rock mart GA 30153
To place an order please call toll free  678-660-3495   Cell 770-380-3830
Monday thru Friday 8 am to 8 pm EST, Saturday 9 am to 8 pm, Sunday 12am to 6 pm or leave a message anytime.
When placing your order, please refer to item number and finish you would like for each piece.
All factory orders, including custom finishes and life size statues, fountains, tables and benches, and garden art are not returnable or refundable.
Please inspect and note any visible damage on the Freight Bill BEFORE signing the Freight receipt/Bill of Laden. If damaged during shipping is noted, please contact our customer service at the numbers noted immediately so we can resolve the matter and reorder the damaged item(s) at no cost to you. You must have a copy of the Freight receipt/Bill of Laden with the drivers signature noting the item was damaged in shipping. If matter is unresolved and must be returned for other viable reason other than damage, a 25% restocking fee will be charged to you. Elite World of Fountains or it’s manufacturer(s) are not responsible for damages incurred by landscapers, impoper handling and fitting, etc., after signed receipt of shipment in undamaged condition.
Order Confirmation
We accept Discover, Visa, Mastercard, Cashier Check, Money Order and Personal Check. Your order will be placed upon confirmation of payment. A paid receipt/confirmation of order can be sent via email, postal mail or faxed to you upon request.
Note: 7% sales tax will be added to retail price for Georgia residents.
Shipping Information
Delivery can be made to residential, commercial and construction sites. Please allow 2 to 4 weeks for delivery. You will be contacted prior to deliver. Please make arrangements with your local landscaper prior to delivery to receive and setup your order. Be sure to tell your landscaper the weight of the item prior to delivery so they make proper arrangements for lifts or extra personnel if needed.
All factory orders, including custom finishes and life size statues, fountains, tables and benches, and garden art are not returnable or refundable.
Please inspect and note any visible damage on the Freight Bill BEFORE signing the Freight receipt/Bill of Laden. If damaged during shipping is noted, please contact our customer service at the numbers noted immediately so we can resolve the matter and reorder the damaged item(s) at no cost to you. You must have a copy of the Freight receipt/Bill of Laden with the drivers signature noting the item was damaged in shipping. If matter is unresolved and must be returned for other viable reason other than damage, a 25% restocking fee will be charged to you. Elite World of Fountains or it’s manufacturer is not responsible for damages incurred by landscapers, improper handling and fitting, etc., after signed receipt of shipment in undamaged condition.
If you have any questions, please contact us.
Thank you for choosing Elite World of Fountains and be sure to check back often as we are always adding new items.
Privacy Statement >>
Shop by Categories
Fiore
Stone Al’s Garden Art
Large Fountains w/ Pools Fiore
Tiered Fountains
Statuary Fountains
Wall Fountains
Outdoor Fountains
Garden Statuary
Religious Statuary
Childrens Statuary
Animal Statuary
Bird Bath & Feeders
Pottery & Pedestals
Tables & Benches
Al’s Garden Finishes
fountain pumps
fountain supplies
Submersible Lights
New avila collection fountains
Gran Vista Fountain with Fiore Pond, Gray #2094-FRG
Outdoor Fountains – Cavalli Fountain with Fiore stone pond Gray
Vesuvio Fountain with Fiore Pond, Gray
Massarelli’s Collection
XL Fountains w/ Pools
1-2 Tiered Fountains
3-4+ Tiered Fountains
Artistic Fountains
Garden Statuary &
Fountains
Animal Statuary Fountains
Outdoor Tables & Benches
Wall & Waterfall Fountains
Massarelli’s Finishes
fountain pumps
Fountain covers
Fountain lights
Fountain Accessories
Garden fountains
Resources & Links
Resources & Links
FOUNTAINS BY TYPE
Garden Fountains
Water Fountains
Outdoor Fountains
Fountains
Birdbaths
Outdoor Garden Fountains
Garden Water Fountains
Outdoor Water Garden Fountains
Outdoor Tiered Fountains
TAG CLOUD
Animal Garden Statue
BackYard Water Fountains
Bacteria Algae
Bioverse
Bird bath fountains
Clear Water
Concrete Fountains
Fountain
Fountains
Free standing fountains
Garden Fountains
Garden Statue
How to Control Algae
Landscaping ideas
Outdoor Bench
Outdoor Fountains
Outdoor Garden Fountains
Outdoor Garden Statues
Outdoor Garden Water Fountains
Outdoor Table
Outdoor Water Fountains
Wall Fountains
Water FountainsWP Cumulus Flash tag cloud by Roy Tanck requires Flash Player 9 or better.
CUSTOMER SERVICE
- Resources
& Links
- Fountain Support
- Order/Terms/Privacy
- Site Map
CONTACT US
678-660-3495
HOURS OF OPERATION:
Monday -Saturday 8 am to 8 pm
Sunday 8 am to 6 pm
ELITE WORLD OF FOUNTAINS
2020 SECURED WEBSITE WITH A+ RATINGS
All Rights Reserved. © Elite World of Fountains & Statuaries 2019