http://executiveflowers.com.au/privacy-policy-terms-conditions/
Toggle SlidingBar Area
Call Us Today! +61 8 8232 2321|team@executiveflowers.com.au
FacebookTwitterInstagramPinterestGoogle+
OccasionsUnder $40Under $70PlantsCorsages & ButtonholesDeluxe DesignsBouquetsWeddingsHospital & New BabySympathyUnder $100Gift HampersDeluxe Designs
Privacy Policy / Terms & Conditions
JOE
2014-07-17T10:12:49+09:30
Privacy Policy
Executive Flowers and Gifts respects the privacy of all our clients. Any information you give us will be held with the utmost care and will not be used in ways that you have not consented to. In order to offer the best customer service, our clients may provide us with, but not limited to the following: name, email, phone, address, business name, ABN and website information. All identifiable information is used to contact our clients, conduct business or for billing purposes. For security reasons, all credit card details are not held by Executive Flowers and Gifts, each time you place an order you will need to provide your credit card details.
Substitution Policy
Images found on this site are used as guides only and may not be exactly the same as the final product.
Executive Flowers and Gifts make fair and reasonable substitutions according to the practical availability of specific flower types and containers. We continually monitor and maintain our designs with seasonal availability in mind.
Flowers of a similar shape, size and value but different type and colour may be used if other flowers in the arrangement substitute for that colour and the overall effect of the arrangement is maintained.
Quality complaints must be received within 2 days of delivery. A photo of the flowers for quick resolution is required to finalise complaints.
At Executive Flowers and Gifts all orders will be done to the full retail value regardless of the substitution or resolution.
Cancellations
At Executive Flowers and Gifts no cancellation fee is required if you choose to cancel before the gift has left the store. In the case of a gift leaving the store the delivery charge and the product cost will not be reimbursed.
Refunds
Every customer and gift are individual and therefore require a decision on a case-by-case basis, so we can determine the best solution to the problem. Executive Flowers and Gifts provide other solutions, such as resending the gift, or resending a different gift of the same value.
Disclaimer
By accessing, browsing or using this website, you agree to the terms, conditions and disclaimers. By purchasing an item advertised on this website, you agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions from time to time and any amendment will become effective immediately. Your continued use of this website after amendment constitutes an agreement to abide by and be bound by those Terms and Conditions, as amended.
ABN 98 148 493 213
Alcohol cannot be left unattended on any premise, for this reason, delivery of gifts containing alcohol require a signature from a person 18 years +. Executive Flowers supports the responsible service and consumption of alcohol. It is an offence to sell or supply to or obtain liquor on behalf of a person under the age of 18 years.
Executive Flowers
Shop G023, 992 South Road, Edwardstown, 5039
Telephone: (08) 8374 2673, (08) 8232 2321
Email: team@executiveflowers.com.au
Trading Hours
Monday 9:00am - 5:30pm
Tuesday 9:00am - 5:30pm
Wednesday 9:00am - 5:30pm
Thursday 9:00am - 9:00pm
Friday 9:00am - 5:30pm
Saturday 9:00am - 5:00pm
Closed Sundays and Public holidays
INFO
Weddings
Corporate
About Us
Privacy/Terms & Conditions
Ordering Instructions
Delivery FAQs
Store Display
Flower Care
Meaning of Flowers
Fresh flowers daily. We are back, bigger and better than ever. Come in or give us a call. Deliver all areas.
All prices are in AUD. Dismiss