https://ezfire.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to footer
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site or place an order.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To process transactionsYour information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
To send periodic emailsThe email address you provide may be used to send you information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
Do we use cookies?
We do not use cookies.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
As part of the California Online Privacy Protection Act, all users of our site may make any changes to their information at anytime by logging into their control panel and going to the ‘Edit Profile’ page.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at http://www.ezfire.com
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our online privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
This policy was last modified on 7/31/2013
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
EZ Fire ProductsPO Box 9335Millcreek, Utah 84109USA800-462-5350www.ezfire.com
FooterInformation
About
Contact Us
Policies
Delivery Information
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Products
Fireside Gifts
Fatwood Sticks
EZ Fire Starter
Color Cones
Ash Vacuum
Retail Displays
Account
My Account
Cart
Checkout
Wholesale
Wholesale Registration
Wholesale Log In
COVID 19 Information - During the ongoing public health emergency, EZ Fire will remain open for business to meet the essential needs of our customers. Please be assured that our warehouse is open and we are still providing our customers with the same great shopping experience that they have always received from EZ Fire Firestarters. Dismiss
Shopping CartThere are no products in the cart!Total$0.00CartCheckoutContinue Shopping
0