https://family-name.co.uk/privacy-policy
Categories
HOME
Coat of Arms Crest & History
Surname History
Marriage Celebration
Coats Of Arms
Computer Produced
Embroideries
Show All Coats Of Arms
First Names
Single First Name Meaning
Double First Name Meaning
Letter from Santa
Show All First Names
Birthday Chronicle
More...
Shields
1881 Census Map
Photos In A Word
Kinderprints
Welcome Baby
Check to see if we have your family name and see a snippet of information
Check YOUR name
Not all names listed here so ring 01952 433399 or Freephone 0800 0699690 or email us.
If we don't have your name we can research it for you
Privacy Policy
Categories
Coat of Arms Crest & History
Surname History
Marriage Celebration
Coats Of Arms
- Computer Produced
- Embroideries
First Names
- Single First Name Meaning
- Double First Name Meaning
- Letter from Santa
Birthday Chronicle
Family Tree Chart
Shields
1881 Census Map
Photos In A Word
Egyptian Scroll
Kinderprints
On this Day in History
Welcome Baby
Information
About Us
Customer Comments
Check your name
First Name Meanings
Surname Meanings
Our other sites
The Full Set
History of your Name
Laser Pics
Privacy Policy
The Name Shop is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This privacy policy (together with our terms of use and any other documents referred to on it) sets out how we use and protect the information we collect from you, or you provide us with, when you use this website or any other form of communications with us.
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page.
This policy is effective from 25th May 2018
INTRODUCTION
This privacy notice provides you with details of how we collect and process your personal data through your use of this website including any information you may provide when you purchase a product or service, sign up to our newsletter or contact us in any way.
By providing us with your data, you warrant to us that you are over 13 years of age.
The Name Shop is the data controller and we are responsible for your personal data.
Contact Details
The Name Shop Contact Us
If you are not happy with any aspect of how we collect or use your data, you have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner›s Office (ICO) at www.ico.org.uk.
We should be grateful however if you would allow us to resolve the matter by contacting us first.
It is important that the information we hold about you is accurate and up to date.
Please let us know if at any time your personal information changes by emailing us
WHAT DATA DO WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU?
Personal data means any information capable of identifying an individual (it does not include anonymised data).
The types of personal data we may process about you is as follows:
Identity Data e.g. your title, first name, last name and a username.
Contact Data e.g. your billing address, delivery address, email address and telephone numbers.
Financial Data e.g. payment card details (although these are not stored by us, only by our payment processor(s)).
Transaction Data e.g. details about payments between us and details of any purchases made by you.
Technical Data e.g. your login data, internet protocol addresses, browser type and version, browser plug-in types and versions, time zone setting and location, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access this site.
Profile Data e.g. your username and password, purchases or orders, your preferences and feedback responses.
Usage Data e.g. information about how you use our website, products and services.
Marketing and Communications Data e.g. your preferences in receiving marketing communications from us and our third parties and your communication preferences.
Sensitive Data
We do not collect any Sensitive Data about you.
Sensitive data refers to data that includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life,
sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, criminal convictions or offences and information about your health.
Where we are required to collect personal data by law, or to fulfil a contract between us and you do not provide us with the data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract (e.g. delivery of goods or services) and we may have to cancel your order. We will notify you where that is the case.
HOW WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We collect data about you through a variety of different methods including:
Direct Interactions:You may provide data by filling in forms on our site (e.g. via the checkout process) or by communicating with us by post, phone, email or otherwise, including when you:
order our products or services;
create an account on our site;
subscribe to our newsletter;
request information or marketing to be sent to you;
give us feedback
Automated Interactions:
We may automatically collect details about your equipment, browsing actions and usage patterns as you browse our site, we.
We may collect this data by using cookies, server logs and similar technologies.
We may also receive information about you if you visit other websites that use our cookies.
Please see our cookie policy for further details.
Third parties and publicly available sources:
We may receive personal data about you from various third parties and public sources as set out below:
Analytic providers such as Google based outside of the EU
Search information providers such as Google and Microsoft based outside the EU.
Contact, financial and transaction data from providers of technical, payment and delivery services such as PayPal and Stripe (based both inside and outside the EU).
HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We will only use your personal data when legally permitted. The most common uses of your personal data are:
To perform the contract between us.
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.
Marketing communications
Generally, we only rely on consent as a legal ground for processing your personal data to send marketing communications to you via email. You have the right to withdraw consent to marketing at any time by emailing us or clicking unsubscribe at the bottom of any email.
You will receive marketing communications from us if you have:
Requested information from us or purchased goods or services from us.
If you provided us with your details and ticked the box at the point of entry of your details for us to send you marketing communications.
And in each case, you have not opted out of receiving that marketing.
You can ask us to stop sending you marketing emails at any time by following the unsubscribe links on any marketing email sent to you or by emailing us at any time.
Where you opt out of receiving our marketing communications, this will not apply to personal data provided to us as a result of a purchase of a product, service or other transaction.
Change of purpose
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose.
If we need to use your personal data for a purpose unrelated to the purpose for which we collected the data, we will notify you and we will explain the legal ground of processing.
We may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent where this is required or permitted by law.
DISCLOSURES OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We may have to share your personal data with the parties set out below:
Service providers who provide IT and system administration services.
Professional advisers including lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers.
HM Revenue & Customs, regulators and other authorities who require reporting of processing activities in certain circumstances.
Third parties to whom we sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or our assets.
We require all third parties to whom we transfer your data to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We only allow such third parties to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
Countries outside of the European Economic Area (EEA) may not always offer the same levels of protection to your personal data, so European law has prohibited transfers of personal data outside of the EEA unless the transfer meets certain criteria.
Some of our third parties service providers are based outside the European Economic Area (EEA) so their processing of your personal data will involve a transfer of data outside the EEA.
Whenever we transfer your personal data out of the EEA, we do our best to ensure a similar degree of security of data by ensuring at least one of the following safeguards is implemented:
We will only transfer your personal data to countries that have been deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for personal data by the European Commission; or.
Where we use certain service providers, we may use specific contracts or codes of conduct or certification mechanisms approved by the European Commission which give personal data the same protection it has in Europe; or
Where we use providers based in the United States, we may transfer data to them if they are part of the EU-US Privacy Shield which requires them to provide similar protection to personal data shared between the Europe and the US.
If none of the above safeguards are available, we may request your explicit consent to the specific transfer. You will have the right to withdraw this consent at any time.
DATA SECURITY
We have put in place security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know such data. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
DATA RETENTION
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data,
the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data
and the applicable legal requirements.
By law we have to keep basic information about our customers (including Contact, Identity, Financial and Transaction Data) for six years after they cease being customers for tax purposes.
In some circumstances you can ask us to delete your data: see below for further information.
In some circumstances we may anonymise your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes. We may then use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS
Under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data. These include the right to:
Request access to your personal data.
Request correction of your personal data.
Request erasure of your personal data.
Object to processing of your personal data.
Request restriction of processing your personal data.
Request transfer of your personal data.
Right to withdraw consent.
You can see more about these rights at:
https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/guide-to-the-general-data-protection-regulation-gdpr/individual-rights/
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please email us
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to exercise any of your rights.
This is a security procedure to ensure that personal data is only disclosed to the person who has the right to receive it.
We may therefore contact you for further information to speed up processing of your request.
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. If your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests
it may take us longer to process. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
THIRD-PARTY LINKS
This website may include links to third-party websites. Clicking on those links may allow third parties to collect or share data about you.
We have no control over these third-party websites and are therefore not responsible for their privacy statements.
When you leave our website, you should read the privacy notice of every website you visit.
COOKIES
You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies.
If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this website may become inaccessible or not function properly.
For more information about the cookies we use, please see our
cookie policy