https://familychartmasters.com/privacy
2020 Holiday Deadline Update »
Privacy Policy
Here at Family ChartMasters we take your privacy very seriously and will only use your personal information to administer your account and to provide the products and services you have requested from us. We recognize the sensitive and personal nature of the information you send us. We are committed to being a good guardian of your personal information and handling it in a secure and responsible manner.
Policy Effective Date: 23 May 2018. Family ChartMasters reserves the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy at any time on the Family ChartMasters website and will notify our users of any changes through our communication channels including our blog, email newsletter and social media outlets.
By using this website and service you consent to the collection, use, and storage of your personal information by us according to this Privacy Policy. If you do not consent to this Privacy Policy and you would like us not to use or hold your information in accordance with this policy, please do not use this website. At any time, you may contact our Data Protection Officer at Janet@FamilyChartMasters.com so that we can delete your information.
The Information We Collect From You and How We Use It
We collect personal information you give us to place any orders including name, contact information and physical address. We also collect credit card and payment information when you complete a purchase. We use this information to facilitate payment and fulfill purchases you choose to make through the website. From time to time we may also use your contact information to let you know about offers of interest from FamilyChartMasters and product changes or new products and services.
We collect information you provide about yourself and other living people when you voluntarily contribute your family tree data to place an order. This family information may include personal information, photos, records, stories, personal traits and DNA ethnicity estimates. Information about deceased people is not considered Personal Information under this Privacy Policy.
We collect the correspondence you have with our company through our website and email so that we can communicate with you and fulfill your family history needs and requests. Our communication is usually via email but may be via telephone or another method of communication. We may collect comments and opinions you express through social media services such as Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, Instagram and YouTube. These social media interactions are governed by the privacy statement of the applicable third party company.
We automatically collect information about analytics and tracking how our website is used with cookies. This information can include your IP address, your computer operating system, your web browser, and other technical information. We use this data to offer you a better browsing experience, administer and improve our website and products, and to display relevant ads to appropriate users either on our website or on third party websites.
How We Store Your Information
By providing us with your information you consent to the transfer of the personal information to and in the United States for processing.
We use reasonable administrative, physical and technical security safeguards to protect your information. All personal data is accessible only by authorized employees and within our internal network. The Family ChartMasters Security Team regularly reviews our security and privacy practices to ensure the integrity of our systems.
In addition, all credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology. All transactions are processed through a gateway provider under the protection of appropriate agreements and are not stored or processed on our servers.
Your Control Over Your Information
Family ChartMasters will retain the personal information you provide until such time as you ask us to delete it. If you do not consent to this Privacy Policy and you would like us not to use or hold your information in accordance with this policy, you may send an email stating your choice to opt out to our Data Protection Officer at Janet@FamilyChartMasters.com. Upon receipt of the email, we will delete your information.
You can control any email marketing you receive from us by using the unsubscribe link in any newsletter you receive. You can also choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since browser is a little different, look at your browser's Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. If you turn cookies off, some of the features that make you site experience more efficient may not function properly. We honor Do Not Track signals and Do Not Track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
Information We Share With Third Parties
Under no circumstances would Family ChartMasters sell, license or otherwise share personal information except (a) as described by this statement, (b) to comply with valid legal processes, (c) to enforce Family ChartMasters terms and conditions, (d) to protect our rights, privacy, safety, confidentiality, reputation or property, (e) to pursue remedies or limit the damages we may sustain. Additionally, as our company grows, we may restructure, or be acquired and personal information may be one of the transferred assets in such a transaction.
Under the protection of appropriate agreements, we do share your personal information with third-party service providers for the purpose of various tasks including data storage, customer information management, accounting, marketing and payment processing. These third-party entities are only given access to the portion of the information necessary for performing the support task and are prohibited from using it for other purposes.
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third-party products or services on our website. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
We will never share your personal information outside of the terms of this Privacy Policy without your express additional consent.
Contact Us
For questions or more information, please contact us at
Family ChartMasters
Attn. Data Protection
P.O. Box 1080
Pleasant Grove, Utah 84062
+1801-857-5497
support@familychartmasters.com
Last Edited on 2018-05-23