http://fca.com/pages/privacy-policy
HOME
SHOP
ACCOUNT
CONTACT US
CAREERS
1-800-226-8024
Toggle navigation
HOME
SHOP
ABOUT US
CONTACT US
FAQS
ARTICLES
VIDEOS
AUTOSHIP PROGRAM
Cart
(0
items) -
$ 0.00
My Account
Search
Shopping Cart
Your cart is currently empty.
My Account
Welcome to FC&A Store!
Login
Create Account
PRIVACY POLICY
FC&A Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting fca.com and painreliefrub.com and any other domains that might be used by FC&A (the “sites”). We are a family-owned business that values integrity, and we are committed to protecting your privacy and the security of the information you share with us.
“FC&A” may revise or update this policy from time to time. Your continued use of this site will indicate that you accept those changes. Thank you.
This Privacy Policy is intended for individuals in the United States. If you live outside of the United States and choose to use the sites, you do so at your own risk and understand that your information will be sent to and stored in the United States.
The Information We Collect
FC&A collects personal identifying information (PII) when you visit our websites. We also collect information when you engage in e-commerce transactions. Personal identifying information (PII) includes your name, postal address, email address, and your telephone number.
We may collect information about your interaction with our sites. We may use website analytics tools such as cookies, web beacons (described below), and other automatic devices on our site to retrieve information from your browser, including the site you came from, the search engine(s) and the keywords you used to find our site, the pages you view within our site, your browser add-ons, and your browser’s width and height.
We may also use technologies, such as cookies and web beacons (described below), to collect information about the pages you view, the links you click, and other actions you take on our sites. Additionally, we may collect certain standard information that your browser sends to all websites you visit, for example, your IP address, browser type and language, access times, and referring website addresses.
When you receive newsletters or promotional email from us, we may use web beacons (described below), customized links, or similar technologies to determine whether the email has been opened and which links you click in order to provide you more focused email communications or other information.
Cookies and Web Beacons
This site utilizes “cookies.” Cookies are small text files placed on a user’s computer. They allow access to all the features of the site, including recognizing users when they return and enabling continuity during site navigation and product purchase. Cookies also allow us to measure traffic on our various pages.
Cookies do not tell us the identity of a user, unless personal information is provided by that user. If you choose to give us such information, it may be linked to data stored in a cookie.
If you prefer not to take advantage of the benefits made possible by cookies, check your browser instructions. Most browsers allow you to reject cookies or to choose which cookies to accept. Please be aware, however, that disabling cookies may result in limited access to, and functionality within, the site.
Web beacons are used to assist in delivering cookies and help us count users who visit our pages, or they may be used within promotional emails to determine whether or not an email has been opened and/or acted upon.
Consent to Processing
By voluntarily submitting information to FC&A via the site, you indicate that you fully understand and consent to the collection and processing of such information.
Sharing Your Personal Information
We share your Personal Information with third parties to help us use your Personal Information as described above. For example, we use Shopify to power our online store--you can read more about how Shopify uses your Personal Information here: https://www.shopify.com/legal/privacy.
We also use Google Analytics (GA) for aggregated, anonymized website traffic analysis. In order to track your session usage, Google drops a cookie (_ga) with a randomly-generated ClientID in your browser. This ID is anonymized and contains no identifiable information like email, phone number, name, etc. We also send Google your IP Address. We use GA to track aggregated website behavior, such as what pages you looked at, for how long, and so on. This information is important to us for improving the user experience and determining site effectiveness. If you would like to access what browsing information we have ­­— or ask us to delete any GA data — please delete your _ga cookies, reach out to us via this form, and/or install the Google Analytics Opt-Out Browser Add-On.".
Finally, we may also share your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.
Security
FC&A takes all reasonable precautions to safeguard information transmitted between users and the site. To that end, certain pages of the site, as well as third-party shopping cart pages, use secured socket layer (SSL) encryption, the most effective technology currently available. However, because the Internet is an open communications network beyond the control or oversight of FC&A, we are unable to guarantee that communications between you and FC&A will be free from unauthorized access. For the same reason, FC&A can assume no liability relating to any delay, failure, interruption, or corruption of any data transmitted in connection with use of this site.
Links from This Site
FC&A may provide links on the sites to third-party websites (collectively, “linked sites”). FC&A has no control over, and does not endorse, the content on any linked site. Furthermore, these Terms of Use do not apply to any linked sites. If you link to any of these third-party websites, please read the legal notices posted on those sites, including their privacy policies and terms of use. FC&A cannot assume any responsibility or liability whatsoever for the data collection and use practices of those sites. Your use of linked sites is at your own risk.
Parents/Guardians and Children
This site is not intended for use by children, especially children under the age of 13. Parents and guardians, if you do not want your children to use the site, please let them know and/or employ Internet access controls. Children, always ask your parents for permission before giving out any information about yourself over the Internet. FC&A does not knowingly collect any personal information from children or minors under the age of 16. If you think that we might have collected information from a child or minor under 16, please contact us at 800-226-8024; or write to us at Customer Service, FC&A Publishing, 103 Clover Green, Peachtree City, GA.
California Privacy Rights
We may, on occasion, make your personal identifying information (PII) available to third parties. If you do not want us to share your PII with other companies or organizations, you may opt-out of this information sharing by doing any one of the following: 1) accessing this form ; 2) calling us at 800-226-8024; or writing to us at Customer Service, FC&A Publishing, 103 Clover Green, Peachtree City, GA. This notice is designed to comply with California’s “Shine the Light” law, but the opt-out option is available to everyone.
ABOUT US
SHIPPING
SUPPORT
RETURNS
CUSTOMER SERVICE
CUSTOMER SUPPORT
SHIPPING INFORMATION
RETURNS INFORMATION
TERMS & CONDITIONS
PRIVACY POLICY
CA PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL MY PERSONAL INFORMATION
QUICK LINKS
HOME
ABOUT
ACCOUNT
FAQS
CONTACT US
CAREERS
We Accept
COMPANY INFO
FC&A
103 Clover Green
Peachtree City, GA 30269
1-800-226-8024
© 2020 FC&A Store
Powered by Shopify