https://fineitalianfood.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy | Return Policy | Shipping Policy
Skip to content
011 322 44 568500 Beverly Boulevard Los Angeles, CA 90048Facebook page opens in new windowTwitter page opens in new windowLinkedin page opens in new windowYouTube page opens in new window
Fine Italian Food | Mantova Oils | Authentic Italian Pastas
The Finest Ingredients and Time-Honored Methods
AboutMr. Mantova
ShopOils Flavored Oils Spray Oils Organic Products Vinegar Pasta & Rice Condiments Confections & Snacks Gift Products & Sets Espresso & Coffee Compagnia Sanremo All Products
Private Label Recipes News & MediaNews Events Media Testimonials
ContactPrivacy & Return Policy
$0.000
View CartCheckout
No products in the cart.
Subtotal: $0.00
View CartCheckout
Search:
Search
AboutMr. Mantova
ShopOils Flavored Oils Spray Oils Organic Products Vinegar Pasta & Rice Condiments Confections & Snacks Gift Products & Sets Espresso & Coffee Compagnia Sanremo All Products
Private Label Recipes News & MediaNews Events Media Testimonials
ContactPrivacy & Return Policy
Privacy & Return PolicyYou are here:HomePrivacy & Return Policy
Privacy, Shipping, Billing, Return Policy, Terms of Use
Fine Italian Food is committed to maintaining your trust and confidence. The following online privacy policy is intended to protect and secure the personally identifiable information (any information by which you can be identified) you provide to us online.
In addition, Fine Italian Food will not send you e-mail that you have not agreed to receive. We may periodically send you e-mail announcing news and event information. If you choose to supply your postal address in an online form, you may receive mailings from us as well.
No Sharing of Personal Information
Fine Italian Food never sells, rents, leases or exchanges your personal information with other organizations. Fine Italian Food assures you that the identity of all who contact us through this Web site will be kept confidential. Fine Italian Food may occasionally send mailings on behalf of other organizations or ministries when their interests align with Fine Italian Food.
Security
Fine Italian Food is committed to ensuring the security of your personal information. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the proper use of information, we have established and implemented appropriate physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. Fine Italian Food uses Internet Encryption Software, Secure Socket Layer (SSL) Protocol when collecting or transferring sensitive data such as credit card information. Any information you enter is encrypted at your browser, sent over the public Internet in encrypted form, and then de-encrypted at our server. Once we receive your credit card information, it is accessible only to a small number of trusted Fine Italian Food employees who have been specially trained in processing this information.
Cookies
From time to time, we may send a “cookie” to your computer. A cookie is a small piece of data that is sent to your browser from a Web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive. A cookie can’t read data off your hard drive or read cookie files created by other sites. Cookies do not damage your system. We use cookies to recognize you when you return to our sites, or to identify which areas of our network of Web sites you have visited (i.e. e-commerce sites, etc.). We may use this information to better personalize the content you see on our sites.
Many Web sites place cookies on your hard drive. You can choose whether to accept cookies by changing the settings of your browser. Your browser can refuse all cookies, or show you when a cookie is being sent. If you choose not to accept these cookies, your experience at our site and other Web sites may be diminished and some features may not work as intended.
Children’s Online Privacy
We are concerned about the privacy of young children and do not knowingly collect any personal information from a child under 13. We encourage you to become involved with your child’s access to the Internet and to our site in order to ensure that his or her privacy is well protected.
To read more about online safety and how to become more involved with your child’s online experience, visit the Federal Trade Commission Web site. You may also benefit from the information and resources available on ProtectKids.com.
Billing Policy
We accept Visa, MasterCard, Discover, and American Express. All online orders are processed through 128 bit SSL encryption to protect your credit card information during your online transaction. All prices and figures are listed in US Dollars.
Return Policy
All orders are nonrefundable. Damaged or defective product may be exchanged for a replacement.
Account policy
Fine Italian Food reserves the right to de-activate or remove any user accounts provided at www.fineitalianfood.com without a notice if user has provided wrong information, has violated common Internet policies or if the account has been inactive for more than 60 days.
Download License
Downloads are solely for personal, noncommercial use. Copies of download can only be stored on computers or devices owned by the person or entity who purchased the download. Additional licenses of downloads can be purchases from www.fineitalianfood.com.
Shipping Policy
Most orders are shipped within 3 business days. All orders are shipped via USPS, DHL, FedEx, UPS or comparable carrier. Processing time of your order can vary from 3-14 days depending on product availability, or in some cases up to 4-6 weeks. Orders shipped by ground service average 4-10 business days from date of order to reach its destination. Orders shipped by priority service (Priority Shipping) average 3-7 business days from date of order to reach its destination. Additional charges may apply depending on weight. We will notify you of any additional charges before shipping. When calculating actual ship date, please do not count Saturdays, Sundays or Federal Holidays. DHL will not ship to P.O. Boxes. Please include a complete street address for all orders. If ordering internationally, any taxes, customs, or related fees will be your responsibility at the time of receipt.
Contacting Us
If you have comments or questions about any of our policies or our website, please contact us. For information about your payment or order, please contact us at 1-630-904-0002 during office hours (9am – 5pm CST).
Our mailing address is:
2608 Flagstone Circle
Naperville, IL 60564
United States
Phone: (630)904-0002Fax: (630)904-0003
Email: info@fineitalianfood.com
Hours: Monday – Friday 09:00AM – 5:00PM CST
Corporate Address: 2608 Flagstone Circle, Naperville, IL 60564
Warehouse Address: 42 Mileed Way, Avenel, NJ 07001
Warehouse Address: 590 West Crossroads Parkway, Bolingbrook, IL 60440
Compagnia Alimentare Italiana S.P.A.
Phone: +39 0776 – 8721
Operator Telefax: +39 0776 – 872 200
Email: info@alimentareitaliana.it
Indirizzo: Via Ponte Tapino, 19 – 03030 Broccostella (FR) – Ita lia
C.F. 05207721001 – P.I. 02154500603 – CCIAA 153584/1997 – Rea n ¡ 86884
Contact MantovaName *
E-mail *
Message
Submit
© Copyright | All Rights Reserved
Bottom New Menu
Go to Top
Free Shipping on $50+ orders
Dismiss