http://firstcommunionwear.com/gdpr-policy
Introduction – Please Note:
Simply Perfect Ltd., referred to as Simply Perfect for the remainder of the policy, maintains strict data protection policies and maintains very high data protection standards. No personal information supplied or obtained by Simply Perfect is ever sold for commercial reasons, and information provided to Simply Perfect stays with Simply Perfect, except when individuals have agreed it may be shared with third party. We do not allow unauthorised access to personal information for illegitimate purposes. When personal data is no longer required it is securely destroyed. We will not allow access to identifiable data without the express permission of the individuals identified.
Your Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy, we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on every page of our website and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
Collection of Personal Information
We collect and process the following data from you:
Information that you provide when you contact us either via the website or by filling in forms, by telephone, by email, by letter or face to face. We collect and record your contact details so that we may send you goods or information including newsletters.
Information that you voluntarily disclose to us during your contact with us:
When visiting the website, the IP address used to access the site will be logged along with the dates and times of access. This information is purely used to analyse trends, administer the site, track users’ movement and gather broad demographic information for internal use. Most importantly, any recorded IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Where you have given us your consent to use your personal information in a particular manner, you have the right to withdraw this consent at any time, which you may do by contacting us as described in the “Contacting us” section below.
Email and Mailing Lists
The email and mailing lists have traditionally been operated using an opt-in policy.  Should you wish to unsubscribe from communications please contact the Simply Perfect by e-mail.
Management of Data
Any information you supply is kept strictly confidential.  It will not be sold or supplied to commercial third parties for any reason.  Should you wish to have your email, contact, and other details removed from our records please contact us with a removal request.  We will respond within 72 hours, and then remove your information as quickly as we reasonably can.  All information supplied will be permanently deleted.  Data removal requests will be completed within 30 days.
Please note: Simply Perfect can refuse data access requests that are unfounded or excessive under the rules of the Data Protection Act (1998) and the General Data Protection Regulation (2018).
Data Breaches
Should any data breach occur it will be reported to the relevant authorities within 72 hours.
Data Usage
Simply Perfect operates strict security and privacy policies.  All identifiable personal information is subject to a clear audit trail. If you have had contact with Simply Perfect and wish to know what personal information is held by Simply Perfect, please contact us using the details below. Information is not supplied to non-commercial third parties without your consent. No information is supplied to commercial entities for commercial purposes. Information may be anonymised or securely destroyed when our data protection criteria demand it.
Removal requests can be accepted by email please contact: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Data Controller
Jackie Clark, (This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.)
Rights of Individuals
We have implemented the changes required by the GDPR regulations in relation to the following:
the right to be informed;the right of access;the right to rectification;the right to erasure;the right to restrict processing;the right to data portability;the right to object; andthe right not to be subject to automated decision-makingIf you have had contact with Simply Perfect and have questions or requests in regard to individual rights please contact us by email.
Email and Mailing Lists
The email and mailing lists have traditionally been operated using an opt-in policy.  Should you wish to unsubscribe from Simply Perfect communications please contact Simply Perfect by e-mail.
Changes to This Privacy Statement
The contents of this statement may be altered at any time, at our discretion.
If you have any questions regarding the privacy policy of Simply Perfect, then please contact us at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Additional Note on Cookies
Website cookies
A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.
Cookies that we use
We use a third party service, Google Analytics, to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. This information is only processed in a way which does not identify anyone. We do not make, and do not allow Google to make, any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our website.
The website uses SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) the standard security technology for establishing an encrypted link between a web server and a browser. This link ensures that all data passed between the web server and users remains private
Managing cookies
Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies and to delete cookies. The methods for doing so vary from browser to browser, and from version to version.
Search Shop
Shop Categories
First Communion Dresses
Communion Bags
Communion Headdresses
Communion Veils
Communion Gloves
Communion Bolero Jackets
Communion Shoes
Pop Socks, Socks & Tights
Boys First Communion Ties and Sashes
Partyware & Tableware
Communion Gifts
Communion Cards
Sale Items