https://fishfinderbooks.com/fishfindershop/privacy-policy/
Home / Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This website is designed to be as simple as possible to use, while providing security for your personal details, and privacy.
The website is intended only for Australian users and complies with Australian law.
This website’s privacy policy follows.
Note that “We” refers to the publisher The Editor’s Office PL and its operatives.
Acceptance
By using this website you agree to the data usage and privacy policies described below, and you agree that you are an Australian user bound by Australian law.
Third Party Policies
Any ads displayed on this site are served by Google. Their policies can be viewed here …
Google Advertisement Policies
Google Privacy Policies
Encryption
We use commercial quality SSL encryption to send credit card information. We use all reasonable means to secure stored data.
If you do not wish to place your order on the internet, you may phone, fax or mail your order.
The Editor’s Office PL
(trading as FISH FINDER TM)
PO Box 272, Huonville, TAS, Australia
Phone: 03 6266 0137 Fax: 03 6266 0098
Collecting Anonymous Information
This website automatically collects general website traffic information, such as how many people have visited the site, most popular pages etc. This information is collected into aggregate results in order to evaluate our service and business practice in an effort to provide an optimum shopping service.
We may share non-personal, aggregated information with our partners or product distributors. We will not identify or disclose individual customers or visitor information or purchases but may disclose how many customers bought a specific item or used a specific service.
Collecting Personal Information
We collect personal information submitted by you to manage and deliver your order or as part of an entry to a competition or product review. We may pass on delivery information to a supplier so they can supply your item directly if we do not have it in stock.
We do not disclose personal information for any other purpose. Delivery information you supplied when ordering is available online for your reference in your order status history.
Use of Personal Information
We will use personal information as supplied by you to process and deliver your order. We will disclose personal information such as your delivery address to a delivery service provider (ie a courier) as selected by you when you place your order. We also retain your order details in a secure offline system that is not connected to the internet. This is so we have a record of your order should you wish to return or exchange an item at a later date.
We will only publish personal information if you win a competition, and then only in part eg The winner is Fred Smith of Bondi, Sydney.
We will not sell or receive payment for licensing or disclosing your personal information.
Cookies
For added convenience, we have employed a “cookie” system for most of our websites. A “cookie” is a small file placed on a customer’s machine which lets our site store information. This information allows us to make our site easier to use. Cookies allow our servers to keep track of customer details between visits to our site. The information stored by the cookie includes the data that is provided during online registration. This information is only accessible online when a customer enters their username and password. Other information stored by the cookie includes website traffic data. This is not used to identify individual details but only collated into aggregate anonymous results in order to evaluate and improve our shopping service for our customers.
Credit card information is never stored in the cookie.
Privacy
Personal information like address, phone etc is only accessible after supplying a username and password. You must login before you can check your Order Status, View/Edit their Registration details, order Online.
Once you have logged in your account will remain open until you quit the browser.
Email Addresses
We will store your email address if you: send us a query; place an order or subscribe to an email list. Your email addresses is used for the purpose you provide it for and statistical information.
They are never disclosed for any other purpose.
With your permission, your details will also be used to advise of special promotions. You may also remove your email address from our subscription service at any stage
Email Subscription Lists
This service is provided to you to communicate product information, special events and offers of interest to you based on your interest.
Our email subscription service is an ‘opt-in’ system. You may unsubscribe at any stage.
Firewall
Our order processing system is protected by a firewall. A firewall is a hardware and software security system designed to filter specified exchanges of information and restrict access to authorised systems and users.
Australian Law
We endeavour to comply with the Trade Practices Act 1974, state based Fair Trading Acts and Sale of Goods Acts, the Consumer Credit Code, the Electronic Transactions Act 1999 the Information Privacy Principles set out in the Commonwealth Privacy Act 1988; and the Privacy Amendment (Private Sector) Act 2000 (Cth). We say ‘endeavour’ because this is a large body of complex law.
Dispute resolution
Contact …
The Editor’s Office PL
(trading as FISH FINDER TM)
PO Box 272, Huonville, TAS, Australia
Phone: 03 6266 0137 Fax: 03 6266 0098
Product categoriesFISH FINDER TM Books, GPS Cards and Magazines
FISH FINDER TM Value Packs
Other Educational Barramundi Products
Dad's New Deckie Cotton Clobber
Waterproof Stickers
Back Issues
Meta
Register Log in
Entries feed
Comments feed
WordPress.org