http://fitthotic.com/privacy/
Privacy Policy
Jump to Sub-Menu
Ped Orthic Services values your privacy and your trust, and we promise to never share personal information with unaffiliated third parties.
We only collect the e-mail addresses of those who specifically request to receive our newsletter or more information. The information we collect is not shared with other unaffiliated organizations for commercial purposes.
With respect to security: We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse, or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
With respect to cookies: We do not use cookies on this website.
If you do not want to receive email from us in the future, please let us know by sending us email via our contact page, calling us at the telephone number below, or writing to us at the address below. If you supply us with your postal address online you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by calling us at the number provided below, emailing us, or writing to us at the address below.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers online may receive telephone contact from us with information regarding new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such telephone calls, please let us know by sending us email at the address below, calling us at the telephone number below, or writing to us at the address below.
With respect to links: At certain places on this site, live "links" to other "external" internet addresses can be accessed. Such linked stes contain information created, published, maintained, or otherwise posted by institutions or organizations independent of Ped Orthic Services. Steelhead does not endorse, approve, certify or control these linked sites and does not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, efficacy, timeliness or correct sequencing of information that they contain. Ped Orthic Services privacy policy does not apply to these linked sites.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our website to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our website periodically.
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to all information [including proprietary information] that we maintain about them. Consumers can access this information by sending us email at the address below, calling us at the telephone number below, or writing to us at the address below.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the addresses or phone number below:
Ped Orthic Services, Inc
10240 SW Nimbus Ave Suite L5
Portland, Oregon 97223
1-800-493-9043
Next: View our website terms of use »
© 2009 - 2020 All Rights Reserved Ped Orthic Services, Inc10240 SW Nimbus Ave Suite L5 Portland, OR 97223
1-800-439-9043
Contact
Privacy
Site Map