https://flaxart.com/security-privacy/
Home
Security & Privacy
Security & Privacy
Security
To protect and safeguard the confidentiality and security of electronically transmitted information to us, FLAXart.com has an Extended Validation Certificate with Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) by GeoTrust. You may click the image above to verify the validity of our active security certificate. Using 256-bit encryption technology, SSL encrypts your credit card number, name and contact information so only we are able to decode your information. When you enter the checkout process a green bar will display in your browser's web address field with our company information, confirming our identity. We are committed to providing you a shopping environment with the highest level of security available.
However, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your contact information, we do not guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit to our website, and you do so at your own risk. We urge you to keep any password that you establish with us in a safe place and not to divulge it to anyone. Also remember to log off your account and close your browser window when you have finished your visit. This is to ensure that others cannot access your account, especially if you are sharing a computer with someone else or are using a computer in a public place.
Privacy
FLAX art & design(FLAX) respects your privacy and recognizes your need for appropriate protection and management of contact information you share with us (any information by which you can be contacted or identified, such as your name, mailing address, email address, telephone number, etc.). The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to inform you what information we may collect from you, how we use such information, and the choices you have regarding our use of, and your ability to review, correct and opt out of our use of the information. This Privacy Policy applies to information we collect about you in our stores and through our website and in the future, mobile applications. By using our website, mobile applications, or sharing your contact information with us, you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
COLLECTING INFORMATION
There may be times (such as when you purchase or order a product, subscribe to a service, etc.) when we ask you to provide certain contact information about yourself, such as your name, shipping/billing address, telephone number, email address, credit card information, personal interests, and other information. We may also maintain a record of your product purchases.
Whether or not to provide such information is completely your own choice. But if you choose not to provide the information we request, you may be unable to purchase products, or access certain services, offers and content on our website. In addition, we may need to contact you via phone, email or mail to address questions or issues specific to your order, etc., even if you have opted to not receive marketing communications from us.
You can visit many of our web pages without telling us who you are or revealing any contact information about yourself. We may track the Internet domain address from which people visit us and analyze this data for preferences, trends, and site usage statistics, but individual users will remain anonymous, unless you voluntarily tell us who you are. We may also receive anonymous usage data from your mobile phone or other device you use to access our website or our mobile applications, including location data.
USING INFORMATION
We use your contact information for internal purposes only, such as:
Confirming and tracking your order, subscription, or registration
Analyzing preferences, trends, and statistics
Informing you of our new products, services, and offers
Providing you with other information from and about FLAX
We process your contact information only in ways compatible with the purposes for which it was collected or authorized by you. To the extent necessary for such purposes, we take reasonable steps to make sure that your contact information is accurate, complete, current, and otherwise reliable with regard to its intended use.
To serve you better, we may combine information you give us online or in our stores. We may also combine that information with publicly available information and information we receive from or cross-reference with our Partners and others. We use that combined information to enhance and personalize the shopping experience of you and to communicate with you about our products and events that may be of interest to you.
We may contract with companies or persons to provide certain services including credit card processing, shipping, data management, etc. These are our Service Providers. We provide our Service Providers with the information needed for them to perform these services. We also ask our Service Providers to confirm that their privacy practices are consistent with ours.
We may share contact information and other data with businesses controlling, controlled by, or under common control with FLAX.
In certain instances we may disclose your contact information when we have reason to believe that it is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against persons or entities who may be causing injury to you, to FLAX or to others. We may also disclose your contact information when we believe the law or legal process requires it.
UPDATING AND DELETING INFORMATION ABOUT YOU
If you wish to change any information we have on file about you, or request that we delete any such information, please let us know. Simply all us at 1-844-FLAXART(1-844-352-9278) or Contact Us. Be sure to include your full name, email address, mailing address, and specifically what information you want updated or deleted. You may also channge your information by logging into My Account.
OPTING OUT OF EMAIL MARKETING
When you place an order on our website we will add you to our email marketing list. This list is exclusive to FLAX and is never shared with other entities. We want to communicate with you only if you want to hear from us. If you wish to Opt Out of receiving emails from FLAX you may:
Click on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any eNewsletter.
Reply to any email you receive from FLAX with an Opt Out request.
Call us at 1-844-FLAXART(1-844-352-9278) or use the Contact Us form.
COOKIES
When you visit our website, we send one or more cookies to your computer or other device. We may also use cookies in emails that you receive from us. A cookie is a small data file that is placed on the hard drive of your computer when you visit a website. A session cookie expires immediately when you end your session (i.e., close your browser). A persistent cookie stores information on the hard drive so when you end your session and return to the same website at a later date the cookie information is still available. Generally, we use cookies to improve the quality of our service when you visit our website. We also use cookies to remind us of who you are, tailor our products and services to suit your personal interests, track visits to and sales at our website and to process your order, and/or analyze your visiting patterns.
LINKS TO THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
Our website may contain links to websites operated and maintained by third parties, over which we have no control. Privacy policies on such linked websites may be different from our Privacy Policy. You access such linked websites at your own risk. You should always read the privacy policy of a linked website before disclosing any of your information on such website.
POLICY CHANGES
If we decide to change our Privacy Policy in whole or in part, we will inform you by posting a notice on our website, as applicable. Those changes will go into effect on the effective date posted in the notice and at the end of the revised Privacy Policy. The new policy will apply to all current and past users of our website and will replace any prior policies that are inconsistent. Your continued use of our website or other services constitutes your acceptance of the practices described in the revised Privacy Policy.
Effective Date March 1, 2015
LEGAL STATEMENT
Copyright 2015 Flax art & design, All Rights Reserved.
Flax art & design© is a registered trademark of Flax’s Artist Materials
All of the Content on this website is subject to copyright, trademark, service mark, trade dress and other intellectual property rights or licenses held by FLAX. Your use of the trademarks, service marks, trade dress and copyrighted material displayed on this website is strictly prohibited. You may download, print and store selected portions of the Content, provided you (1) only use these copies of the Content for your own personal, non-commercial use, (2) do not copy or post the Content on any network computer or broadcast the Content in any media, and (3) do not modify or alter the Content in any way, or delete or change any copyright or trademark notice. No right, title or interest in any downloaded materials is transferred to you as a result of any such downloading. FLAX reserves complete title and full intellectual property rights in any Content you download from this website. Except as noted above, you may not copy, download, reproduce, modify, publish, distribute, transmit, transfer or create derivative works from the Content.
×