https://flight001.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Toggle menu
USD
CAD
US Dollars
Need help? Call us on 1-844-768-3764
Search
×
Search Keyword:
New Arrivals
Organizing
All Organizing
Spacepak System
Packing Bags
Holders & Wallets
Toiletry
Bags
All Bags
Backpacks
Duffles
Totes
Expandables
Luggage
All Luggage
Carry-On
Check-In
Tech
All Tech
Plugs & Adapters
Headphones, Earbuds & Speakers
Chargers & Power Packs
Accessories
All Accessories
Drink & Beverage Containers
Bag & Luggage Tags
Guide Books
Locks
Clocks
Eyemasks & Sleepmasks
Pillows, blankets & Accessories
Clothing
Aerotherapy
Gifting
Sale
Select Currency: USD
CAD
US Dollars
Gift Certificates
Sign in
or Register
Free shipping on all domestic orders over $50
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy is in place to protect you, our passengers, and the information you share with us on our website, in our stores, or through any other contact you have with Flight 001. We take your privacy seriously and to help ensure protection, we use the most up-to-date encryption technology so your personal information cannot be read as it travels through our processing system. This includes your billing, credit card, and account information.
USE OF INFORMATIONWe do not sell, trade, or otherwise share with any other company or agency information you provide to us. You do not have to worry about receiving unsolicited email from other companies or individuals as a result of shopping at Flight001.com or our physical stores.
INFORMATION WE COLLECTInformation we collect with your account activation and transactions include the following:
Web Activity Information: We collect IP information, pages viewed, access time, browser access, and referral links.
Cookies and Tracking: We may use cookies and other tracking technologies to collect browsing information about you and how you interact with our website, our emails, in order to improve our website navigation and marketing campaigns to improve your user experience.
Shopping Activity: We collect information from your purchases and returns to analyze product merchandising and details provided on our website and in stores.
Account Details: We collect basic identifying information, such as your name, address, phone number, and email. This information, along with your checkout information (i.e. credit card, gift card, etc.) is stored on our secured servers once your transaction is completed. This information is stored solely for the transaction process. Flight 001 has very limited access to your full information.
Newsletters and Giveaways: If you would like to receive emails regarding Flight001.com sales or promotions, check the appropriate box during the order and registration process or sign up for our email list at the bottom of our homepage. Every email comes with a link to unsubscribe. If you enter a sweepstakes or contest on our website, please review the affiliated contest rules and policies as we may be obligated to share your contest information with the sweepstakes or contest partner.
AFFILIATES AND PARTNERSHIPSOur site may contain links to the websites of other companies. We do this when we feel they are offering valuable services that complement our products. Because we cannot be responsible for the privacy practices of other sites, we encourage you to read the privacy policies of any sites you visit. If you have any questions regarding our privacy practices, please contact or call us at 1-844-768-3764.
×
Navigate
Our Response to COVID-19
Stores
About Us
Contact Us
Customer Reviews
Shipping & Returns
Privacy Policy
Compliance
Blog
Sitemap
Categories
New Arrivals
Organizing
Bags
Luggage
Tech
Accessories
Sale
Subscribe to our newsletter
Get the latest updates on new products and upcoming sales
Email Address
Connect With Us
Flight 001
10 W. 33rd St., Suite 1221
New York, NY 10001
Need help? Call us on 1-844-768-3764
© 2020 Flight 001