https://flipcharts2go.com/privacy-policy/
Flipcharts2Go
0
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Customer Information Protection
The information you provide allows us to communicate with you and to process your order or inquiry. We, as a corporate policy, do not distribute or sell any customer related information to any third parties not associated with fulfilling your order(s).
Cookies
Cookies are small text files that legitimate websites utilize in order to recognize you on future visits to the website and make it easier for you to navigate our site.
Secure Information Transmissions
Our website utilizes a secure server. The secure server software (SSL) encrypts all the information you input before it is sent to us. In addition, all of your data we collect is protected against unauthorized access using recognized.
Emails you may send to us from email services external to this website may not always be secure. For your protection, please do not send confidential information such as credit card numbers or bank routing and account numbers through an unsecured email.
We limit employee access to confidential information and limit the use and disclosure of such information to authorized persons.
Customer Information Retention
We retain your customer information as necessary for ongoing business purposes and as required by government regulation. We retain information concerning orders including contact information, order data and digital files so that we may process re-orders of previously purchased items. Typically, we save such information for a period of three years following your last order. Should you desire to have us delete such information from our records sooner, please notify us.
Legally Compelled Information Disclosure
We may disclose information when legally compelled to do so by a court of law.
Notice of New Services or Changes
We may use your contact information to notify you about order related issues, important changes or updates to our website, or special offers. You have the option to opt out of any such notifications.
Use of Images and Samples
Unless otherwise agreed, Flipcharts2go.com reserves the right to use photographs or samples that we print or manufacture to represent our quality to future customers. Images of customers printed products may appear in our marketing materials and on this site. Great care is taken to not use images which might disclose sensitive information. If you disagree or believe that in the publication of information or images used in our marketing materials or on this website would in any way infringe your copyright or the copyrights of any organization associated with you, please contact us, We will endeavor to correct any such infringements promptly.
Your Consent
By using our web site, you consent to the storage and use of your information by Flipcharts2go.com subject to the terms above. Any changes to our privacy policy will be posted on this page.
Login
Username or email address *
Password *
Login
Remember me
Lost your password?
Register
Email address *
Your personal data will be used to support your experience throughout this website, to manage access to your account, and for other purposes described in our privacy policy.
Register
Search for:
Search for:
Home
FAQ
Request Print Quote
Design Guidelines
About Us
Testimonials
Testimonial Form
Contact Us
Shop
No products in the cart.