https://floatingworld.com/order-and-privacy-policies/
Subscribe
to our email list | Shopping Cart
Toggle navigation
HOME
ABOUT
BUY
SELL
BLOG
CONTACT
SHIPPING
Order and Privacy Policies
RETURNS:
Floating World Gallery is committed to offering you the highest quality artwork at the best possible price. We go to great lengths to photograph and describe the condition of each piece as accurately as possible. To ensure your satisfaction, we also offer a 14 day return policy for anything purchased from our website. In the event of a return, artwork must arrive in the same condition as it was sold. Shipping is not refundable and we are not responsible for return shipping/packing and insurance.
PRIVACY:
Protecting your privacy is very important to Floating World Gallery. We have adopted the following policies to safeguard your personal information and are committed to protecting its confidentiality. We will limit the collection and use of personal information to what is necessary to administer our business, provide you with the highest quality service, and offer you opportunities we think will be of interest. We never disclose sell, rent or transmit personal information to other organizations.
IMAGES AND COPYRIGHT:
The copyright in the text of the catalog and the photographs, digital images and illustrations of lots in the catalog belong us and our licensors. You will not reproduce or permit anyone else to reproduce such text, photographs, digital images or illustrations without our prior written consent.
We reserve the right to use all images of items on our site or sold privately for archival and historical purposes.
Basic Statement:
Floating World Gallery collects personal information from our visitors on a voluntary basis only. Personal information may include name, title, company, address, phone number, e-mail address, etc. The individual information we collect is used only by Floating World Gallery to process orders which have been placed by our customers.
Collection and Use:
Our web server tracks and collects general information about the visits to our web site. For example, we compile statistics that show the daily numbers of visitors to our site, the daily requests we receive for particular files, the types of browsers visitors use, the visitors’ domain names, and what countries those requests come from.
The data you voluntarily provide helps us to customize our web site to better meet your needs, therefore we may request and store the following types of specific information: your name, company name, street address, telephone numbers and e-mail addresses. Floating World Gallery may also retain electronic communications you send to our customer service representatives or webmaster. These may be shared only within Floating World Gallery as a means to continually improve customer service.
Storage, Safety and Security:
All personal information you provide to Floating World Gallery is secured on our server with restricted access. Floating World Gallery reserves the right to use agents, who are bound by strict confidentiality guidelines, to perform storage and processing functions. Only designated employees or agents who need to carry out legitimate business functions are permitted to view your personal data. Employees o ragents who violate Floating World Gallery privacy policies are subject to disciplinary actions, up to and including termination.
Disclosure:
Because Floating World Gallery considers the individual information we maintain to be confidential, our policy is to disclose no personal information to third parties unless release is required by law or is pertinent to judicial or government investigations or proceedings.
×
SUBSCRIBE
Subscribe to our email list to get the latest updates
Subscribe