http://floorcareshop.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy - Best Floor Product Reviews From Floor Care Shop
Skip to content
Search for:
ReviewsVacuums ReviewsBest DealsContact Us
Privacy PolicyAshley Roberts2018-01-20T20:24:54+00:00
Privacy Policy
If you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us by email at ashleyrobertshub@gmail.com
At floorcareshop.com, the privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance to us. This privacy policy document outlines the types of personal information is received and collected by http://floorcareshop.com  and how it is used.
Log Files
Like many other Web sites, http://floorcareshop.com makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider  ISP), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and numbers of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track users movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
Cookies and Web Beacons
floorcareshop.com does use cookies to store information about visitor’s preferences, record user-specific information on which pages the user access or visit, customize Web page content based on visitors browser type or other information that the visitor sends via their browser.
DoubleClick DART Cookie
Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on floorcareshop.com.
Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to floorcareshop.com and other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following URL – http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
Some of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our site. Our advertising partners include …….
Amazon
These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to the advertisements and links that appear on http://floorcareshop.com  send directly to your browsers. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies (such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see.
http://floorcareshop.com has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. http://floorcareshop.com s privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or websites.
If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers’ respective websites.
Best pool cues 2020
Good luck with your Cue hunting endeavor and we are absolutely sure that you would pick up the right Cue when you go though with 10
best pool cues 2020
Buying Guide
pool alarms reviews 2020
There are many pool alarm reviews which are available but selecting the most appropriate and the one compatible with our safety concerns. read buying guide to find best pool alarms
Bissell crosswave reviews 2020
If you want to do twice the workload in half the time, Bissell Crosswave is the tool to try. Read the complete
bissell crosswave reviews 2020 and you can have as many pets as you want while also keeping the house perfectly clean.
Tyme iron reviews 2020
Choosing the correct hair styling product can be a headache, Read the
tyme iron reviews 2020 and decide why tyme irion is best in the market
About Us
|
Amazon Affiliate Disclosure |
Privacy Policy |
Terms of Use |
Contact Us
© Copyright 2008 -
|
Theme by Pool Clinics
|
All Rights Reserved
Toggle Sliding Bar Area
Go to Top