https://florist.flowershopnetwork.com/myfsn-privacy-policies
Flower Shop Network
Home
About Us
FlowerShopNetwork.com
Flower Shop Network
Paragould,
Arkansas
72450
(800) 858-9925
careers@flowershopnetwork.com
Owner:
Websites
Designs
Automatic Reminders
Website Updates
Delivery Confirmations
Email Marketing
Social Media Services
Membership Benefits
Listing & Profile Page
Marketing Resources
Education
COVID-19 Resources
Florist-To-Florist
F2F Listing
Refer a Florist
POS Systems
Preferred Florist Program
Reviews
Blog
Sign Up Today!
Home » MYFSN Privacy Policies
FlowerShopNetwork.com
PRIVACY POLICY
Flower Shop Network collects information from you under the following two circumstances:
Information Collected Automatically - Some information is collected from you automatically when you view Flower Shop Network pages and download information. This may include your Internet Protocol address assigned by your Internet Service Provider, domain name and the type of browser and operating system you used, the date and time you accessed Flower Shop Network's site, the pages you requested and visited, and the site you linked from to reach Flower Shop Network. Flower Shop Network uses this type of information to statistically measure site traffic and to improve the web site. The information is not reviewed on an individual basis but is aggregated with other users for comparison purposes.
Information Voluntarily Submitted - Additional information may be collected from you if you opt-in or voluntarily provide it in order to fulfill a request for on-line services.
Flower Shop Network uses the information you voluntarily provide to tailor our site to your needs and preferences and to provide the on-line services you are requesting. The type of information we collect will vary with the service being sought and may include your name, address, phone number, and e-mail address. If you simply wish to view pages on Flower Shop Network's site, or conduct transactions, you do not need to personalize the site by registering for an account.
Cookies
Flower Shop Network does not utilize cookies at this time. This, however, does not mean that Flower Shop Network will not use cookies in the future. If changes to our cookie policy are made this page will be updated to reflect the changes.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you.
We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us.
We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
Flower Shop Network will only send personal information about you to others when:
we have your consent to share the information
we need to share your information to provide the product or service you have requested
Security
We take precautions to protect your information.
When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way.
You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information.
The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Changes to this Privacy PolicyFlower Shop Network may amend this policy from time to time. Flower Shop Network will prominently display on this website any substantial change in the way we use your personal information.
If you have any comments regarding this privacy policy, you may email us at info@flowershopnetwork.com.
HomeAbout UsReviewsContact UsSite Map
Flower Shop Network
Paragould,
AR
72450
Phone:
(800) 858-9925
Log in
Login
Email
Password
Forgot Password?
Reset Password
If you have lost your password, enter your email address. An email will
be sent to you with instructions for you.
Email Address
Call
Hours
Hours:
Monday
08:00 am
- 05:00 pm
Tuesday
08:00 am
- 05:00 pm
Wednesday
08:00 am
- 05:00 pm
Thursday
08:00 am
- 05:00 pm
Friday
08:00 am
- 05:00 pm
(800) 858-9925
Contact Us
Copyright © 2014-2020
Atwill Media - Flower Shop Network All Rights Reserved