http://flowerswholesale.ca/en/privacy-policy
Logo
1-866-690-8425
HomeAbout UsWhy Buy From UsTestimonialsContact Us
Privacy Policy
FlowersWholesale.ca Privacy Policy
We have created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this web site.We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site. Your IP address is used to help identify you and to gather broad demographic information.Our site uses cookies to keep track of your shopping cart. We use cookies to identify you so we can retrieve your information so you don't have to re-enter it each time you visit our site.Our site's registration form requires users to give us contact information.  For example, their name, email address, and unique identifiers. We use customer contact information from the registration form to send the potential client information about our company. The customer's contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary if they have subscribed to the mail list, placed an order with us or sent us an inquiry. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings by choosing to un-subscribe. Unique identifiers are collected to verify the user's identity and for use in our record system.
We do not rent, trade or exchange customer information with any third party.This site may contain links to other sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites.SecurityThis site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control.
All data is protected using the most advanced methods available.
Home | About Us | Why Buy From Us | Testimonials | Contact UsFlower Care | Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions
Copyright © 2011
Flowers Wholesale.ca
We are a wholesale florist that sells quality flowers to the general public and businesses. Our flowers are perfect for do-it-yourself weddings, decorating for events, fundraisers or holiday parties.We offer the Lowest Prices on fresh flowers for strict budgets. Our flowers come directly from the grower, which ensures you will get the best prices for your flowers. Buying our bulk florals ensures you will get the freshest blooms and will save you money.We can deliver bulk flowers to almost anywhere in Canada. For deliveries to remote areas please contact us before placing an order.We can deliver wholesale flowers to Ontario, Quebec, British Columbia, Alberta, Manitoba, askatchewan, New Brunswick, Nova Scotia and Prince Edward Island.We do not deliver to Newfoundland, Labrador, Nunavut, Northwest Territories and the Yukon.Get a quote for wholesale flowers online or call 1-866-690-8425