http://foxfarmfertilizer.com/privacy-policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is of paramount concern for us at FoxFarm.
Effective Date: August 1st, 2019
United Compost and Organics Corporation dba FoxFarm Soil & Fertilizer Company, a California corporation (“FoxFarm”, “we”, “us”, or “our”) respects your privacy and are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy.
This policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit our website and use our services (the “Services”), and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information. Additionally, our Terms of Service, available here, are incorporated by reference into this Privacy Policy.
Specifically, this policy applies to information we collect:
· When you use or interact with our Services.
· In email or other electronic messages between you and us.
· Through our website.
This policy governs our practices regarding personal information about you and how we will treat it. Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices. This policy may change from time to time (see Changes to Our Privacy Policy).
Personal Information we Collect
When you use the Services, we collect information that you provide us directly or automatically.
Information that you Provide us or Give us Permission to Obtain
When you register an account to use the Services, you voluntarily give us certain information. This information includes, but is not limited to: your business and store name, business address, e-mail address, telephone number, username and password.
When you use the Services, you voluntarily provide us with additional information, including your user preferences and replies to website and other electronic communications and surveys and promotions. If you e-mail us, we may keep your message, e-mail address and contact information to respond to your request.
If you are using the Services on your mobile device, you can also choose to provide us with location data. You may also give us permission to access your information in other services. For example, you may link one or more of your social media accounts to the Services, which allows us to obtain information from those accounts (such as your friends or contacts). The information we get from those services depends on your settings or their privacy policies.
Information that we Collect Automatically
· Log data. When you use the Services, our servers automatically record information (“Log Data”), including information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website or that your mobile app sends when you’re using it. This log data may include your IP address, the address of the web pages you visited that had FoxFarm features, browser type and settings, the date and time of your request, how you used the Services, and cookie data.
· Cookie data. Depending on how you’re accessing the Services, we may use “cookies” (a small text file sent by your computer each time you visit our Services, unique to your FoxFarm account or your browser) or similar technologies to record Log Data. When we use cookies, we may use “session” cookies (that last until you close your browser) or “persistent” cookies (that last until you or your browser delete them). You can set your browser to refuse to accept cookies. However, if you choose to refuse cookies, some features of the Services may not function properly.
· Device information. In addition to Log Data, we may also collect information about the device on which you’re using the Services, including what type of device it is, what operating system you’re using, device settings, unique device identifiers, and crash data. Whether we collect some or all of this information often depends on what type of device you’re using and its settings.
· Do Not Track. Your browser may support a “Do Not Track” option that can be selected in your browser settings, which sends a signal to websites you visit informing them that you do not want certain information about your visit to be collected. At this time we do not respond to browser “Do Not Track” signals.
· Analytics and Usage. We use data analytics and work with certain third party service providers, such as Google Analytics, to help us understand and improve the use of our Services. These third party service providers may collect information sent by your device as part of a web page request, such as cookies or your IP address. Information about how Google Analytics collects and processes data can be found here: www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
The information we collect automatically is only statistical data and does not include personal information. It helps us to improve our Services and to deliver a better and more personalized service, including by enabling us to estimate our audience size and usage patterns, and to analyze product trends.
How We Use Your Information
We use the information we collect to:
· Provide the Services and its contents to you and to fulfil our contractual obligations.
· Respond to your requests and improve the Services.
· To notify you about new FoxFarm products and updates to the Services.
· To monitor and test the Services.
· To remember your login information so that you do not need to re-enter this information.
· For any other purpose for which you provide the information.
Your information is not shared with other organizations for marketing purposes.
When We Share Your Information
We may share your information with third parties from time to time, including:
· Agent, Contractors and Service Providers.
We may share your information with our agents, contractors or other service providers as needed to carry out the performance and functionality of the Services, fulfill your requests for authorized transactions, or provide user support.
· Affiliated Entities. We may share information from or about you with subsidiaries and affiliates, in which case, we require them to honor this Privacy Policy.
· Analytics and Usage. We may share user information in the aggregate with third parties that help us understand and improve the usage of our services.
· Business Transfers. If we are acquired by or merged with another entity, if substantially all of our assets are transferred to another company, or as part of a bankruptcy proceeding, we may transfer the information we have collected about you to the acquiring company.
· As Disclosed to You. We may disclose information from or about you for any other purpose that we disclose to you when you provide the information.
· Investigations. We may investigate and disclose information from or about you, as permitted by applicable law, if we have a good faith belief that such investigation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with legal process and law enforcement instructions and orders, such as a search warrant, subpoena, statute, judicial proceeding, or other legal process served on us, helpful to prevent, investigate, or identify possible wrongdoing in connection with the Services, or helpful to protect our rights, reputation, property, or that of our users, subsidiaries, or the public.
Opt Out Options
If you wish to opt out of receiving emails from us, you can unsubscribe via an unsubscribe option located in our emails or you can contact us by email at foxfarm@foxfarm.com.
Children
The content on our Service is intended for adults and is not directed to children under 13. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 If you learn that a child has provided us with personal information without parental consent, please contact us immediately at foxfarm@foxfarm.com, and we will take steps to remove such information and terminate the child’s account.
Accessing and Modifying Your Information
You can send us an email at foxfarm@foxfarm.com to request access to any personal information that you have provided to us. We will modify or correct your information as and when you request.
You can also permanently delete your account at any time by sending us an email at foxfarm@foxfarm.com. Search engines and other third parties may still retain copies of your public information, like your user profile and content you provide, even after you have deleted this information or deactivated your account.
Data Security
We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration and disclosure.
The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our Services, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Services. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Services.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time, and if we do we’ll post any changes on this page. If you continue to use the Services after those changes are in effect, you agree to the revised Privacy Policy. If the changes are significant, we may provide more prominent notice or get your consent as required by law.
Contacting Us
If you have any requests concerning your personal information or other inquiries regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us by e-mail at foxfarm@foxfarm.com or write to us at the following address:
United Compost and Organics dba
FoxFarm Soil & Fertilizer Company
P.O. Box 787, Arcata, CA 95518
Our Products
Soils & Soil Conditioners
Liquid Fertilizers
Dry Fertilizers
Supplements, Adjusters & Inoculants
Slow Release Fertilizers
Soluble Fertilizers
Pest Control
Starter Packs
About us
Our Company
Owner’s Message
Careers
Contact Us
Support
Feeding Schedules
FAQ
Product Support
Retailer Support
General Questions
Send me growing tips & FoxFarm news
By entering your email address and clicking to accept the Terms of Use, you accept and agree to be bound by our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
Leave this field empty if you’re human:
Copyright © 2020 FoxFarm Soil & Fertilizer Co. | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
Start typing and press Enter to search something
crazy spot
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkSee the privacy policy