http://franklin-tools.co.uk/privacy
Privacy
Privacy
Privacy Policy / GDPR (General Data Protection Regulations) May 2018
The new GDPR covers the data rights of individuals and requires organisations to develop clear policies and procedures to protect personal data and adopt appropriate measures. Please find our details below:
Franklin Tools are committed to keeping data that we hold on our customers, suppliers and employees safe at all times including for marketing purposes. Details are not disclosed to any third parties except the ones mentioned below.
We hold company names, addresses, email addresses, contact names and numbers of customers, suppliers and employees on our secure computer system, Merlin Business Software. This information is solely used by ourselves at Franklin Tools in order for us to process and place orders and communicate efficiently.
Customers, suppliers and employees have positively opted in for Franklin Tools to hold these details, chosen their preferred communication method and know it can be removed from our systems at any time. If you would like to view or amend the details that we hold, please email your request to Amy Dale at admin@franklin-tools.co.uk.
Cookies are used on our website (www.franklin-tools.co.uk) but only to keep track of the contents of your shopping cart once you have selected an item.
We use a third-party provider, MailChimp, to deliver our email marketing. We view the statistics of email opening and clicks using industry standard technologies to help us monitor and improve our e-newsletter. For more information, please see Mailchimp’s privacy notice (https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/). You can unsubscribe from these mailings at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any of our emails or by contacting Amy Dale at admin@franklin-tools.co.uk.
We use another third-party provider, DPD UK for delivery updates. We have registered mobile numbers and email addresses of customers who have opted in to use this service. For more information, please see DPD’s privacy notice (http://www.dpd.co.uk/privacy_policy.jsp). You can opt out of this service at any time by emailing your request to Michael Wilkinson at orders@franklin-tools.co.uk.