https://gaelicthemes.com/privacy-policy/
Home » Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Gaelic Themes Ltd complies fully with European Data Protection law which requires “Member States to protect the fundamental rights and freedoms of natural persons, in particular their right to privacy with respect to the processing of personal data”, as implemented by the UK parliament in the 1998 Data Protection Act (DPA). The DPA regulates what we may do with the data we collect. Gaelic Themes Ltd complies with European principles of data protection, that is to say the data must be: fairly and lawfully processed;
processed for limited purposes;
adequate, relevant and not excessive; accurate;
not kept longer than necessary; processed in accordance with the data subject’s rights; secure; not transferred to countries without adequate protection.
Information Collection and Use
Gaelic Themes Ltd is the owner of the information collected on all of Gaelic Themes Ltd’s own sites. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement and our data protection registration. Gaelic Themes Ltd collects information from our users at several different points on our website. Gaelic Themes Ltd partner companies may also collect their own information, on their own or co-branded sites. But all Gaelic Themes Ltd partners agree to abide by the same terms and conditions, and will not use your information for purposes other than those clearly stated at the point of their collection or in their own clearly identified Terms & Conditions section.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user’s computer containing information about the user. Cookies are used throughout our sites for enhancement of the user experience. Some parts of our site may not work without cookies turned on, other parts will function as normal. Some of our business partners may use cookies on our site (for example, advertisers). However, we have no access to or control over these cookies.
Log Files
We use IP addresses to analyse trends, administer the site, track users’ movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that Gaelic Themes Ltd is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by Gaelic Themes Ltd Web sites.
Newsletter
If a user wishes to subscribe to our newsletters, we ask for contact information such as name and email address. A user can unsubscribe by clicking the unsubscribe link including in the email and will be removed from the list. Alternatively send an email to info@gaelicthemes.com with clear instructions on what you would like us to do.
Security
This website takes every precaution to protect our users’ information. When users submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and off-line by our practices as well as UK and European law. When our registration/order form asks users to enter sensitive information, that information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software in the industry – SSL. While on a secure page, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked, as opposed to un-locked, or open, when you are just ‘surfing’. While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in our power to protect user-information off-line. All of our users’ information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, our accounts department or a customer service representative) are granted access to personally identifiable information. ALL employees are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices. Every quarter, as well as any time new policies are added, our employees are notified and/or reminded about the importance we place on privacy, and what they can do to ensure our customers’ information is protected. Finally, the servers that we store personally identifiable information on are kept in a secure environment, in a locked and alarmed area. If you have any questions about the security at our website, you can send an email to info@gaelicthemes.com. However, we reserve the right not to reveal detailed information about our security measures, since this might itself compromise our security.
Supplementation of Information
In order for this website to properly fulfil its obligation to our customers, it may be necessary for us to supplement the information we receive with information from 3rd party sources. For example, as a routine or extraordinary check during order processing, we may use their name and address to request a credit report.
Choice/Opt-in
Our users are given the opportunity to ‘opt-in’ to having their information used for purposes not directly related to our site at the point where we ask for the information. Users who no longer wish to receive our newsletter or promotional materials from our partners may opt-out of receiving these communications by notifying us by e-mail to info@gaelicthemes.com.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on our Homepage so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy and data protection laws of the UK and EU.
Gaelic themes
CONTACT US
+44 (0) 141 332 0407
sales@gaelicthemes.com
HELP & INFO
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Copyright
Site Map
© 2020 Gaelic Themes.
Kilts & Tartan
Traditional Kilts
Contemporary & Casual Kilts
Great Kilt (Feileadh Mor)
Trews & Trousers
Tartan Skirts & Mini Kilts
Tartan Waistcoats
Plaids
Jackets & Doublets
Stock Jackets
Bespoke Jackets
Regimental Doublets
Cadet Jackets
Waistcoats
Accessories
Kilt Pins & Badges
Kilt Pins
Cap Badges
Cufflinks
Lapel Pins
Special Commissions
Sgian Dubhs
Belts & Belt Buckles
Belt Buckles
Belts
Ghillie Brogues
Kilt Hose
Sporrans
Dress Sporrans
Semi-Dress Sporrans
Day Sporrans
Pipe Band Sporrans
Children’s Sporrans
Plaid Brooches
Outfit Accessories
Gifts
Clan Crest Water Bottle
Clan Maps & Art
Tankards & Quaichs
Clan Books
Pipercraft Figurines
R.R. McIan Figurines
Jewellery
Luckenbooths
Carrick Celtic
New Products
Contact