https://garrysun.com/privacy-policy
x
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This Overall Privacy Statement presents the privacy practices Garry & Sun. Feeling a need to demonstrate its commitment towards your privacy, the Garry & Sun shares its information practices as outlined below.
Garry & Sun and Your Privacy
At the garrysun.com, it is our intent to give you as much security as possible over your privacy concerning your personal information. In general, you are at liberty to browse through our website without revealing any information about yourself. Any information that may be collected by Garry & Sun is used strictly to improve the content of our website, to notify clients about updates, new features, and new content, and to contact clients regarding their account.
The absolute confidentiality of your classified information, when you choose to share it with the Garry & Sun, is always maintained on our server. Garry & Sun does not follow a policy of sharing any information that may have been collected with anyone for commercial or any other purposes.
Kind of Information We May Collect
Garry & Sun may collect registration information from visitors using our free materials on a purely voluntary basis. Information collected from users who purchase our products is required for authentication and billing purposes. When you submit an order on-line, your credit card number is submitted to the credit institution for normal, routine processing. Your personal credit history information is not collected by Garry & Sun.
There are times when we may need information from you. This generally involves filling out forms so you can download a product or order a product. When you purchase products and services, we require you to fill out a form with your name and email address for ensuring safe product delivery.
Contacting Us about Privacy
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, you may direct all your queries to the Garry & Sun site coordinator at info@garrysun.com