http://genawebb.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Home
About Me
Books
Blog
Recipes
Other Authors
FAQ
Contact Us
Links
Blog Archives
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy:
Who we are
This website is owned by author Gena Webb and we are in San Antonio, TX. Our website address is: http://genawebb.com. Contact us: gena@genawebb.com
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Email addresses are maintained by GoDaddy if you subscribe to the newsletter. GoDaddy privacy policy is available here: https://ph.godaddy.com/agreements/showdoc.aspx?pageid=PRIVACY&isc=gofd2001aj
Contact forms
Any contact information is kept indefinitely and is used solely for contact. We will NEVER use the information for marketing purposes.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
What rights you have over your data
If you have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
How we protect your data
We make every effort to protect your data. We will NEVER sell your data or use it in any way detrimental to you. We take your privacy seriously and care about it as much as you do. If you have any concerns, please contact us: gena@genawebb.com.
Privacy Policy
Copyright © 2020 The Write Stuff — Scribbles WordPress theme by GoDaddy