https://genuineantiquelighting.com/privacy-security/
Privacy & Security
Dear Client:
Our Commitment
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online Information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested. We want you to know how we handle the information you send us via the internet. Our Privacy Policy adapts to the internet’s dynamic environment. We keep you informed by updating this Privacy Policy as our procedures change. Please review it occasionally to remain informed. This Policy was last updated on Febuary 2010. This is the way we handle information:
Automatic Collection
Our Analytics program automatically recognizes the visitor’s domain name (not the email address) and records the visitor’s browser and platform type (e.g., Netscape browser on a Microsoft platform).
Cookies:
A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user’s computer for record-keeping purposes. We use cookies on this site. We do not link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our site.
We use session cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our site and use the shopping cart. This session ID cookie expires when you close you browser.
If you reject cookies, you may still use our site, but your ability to use the shopping cart may or may not be impaired. This privacy statement covers the use of cookies by GenuineAntiqueLighting.net or .com only.
We use cookies to:
Record the visitor’s session information (such as the visitor’s shopping selections when ordering)
Record user-specific information on the pages the visitor selects for viewing.
Email Addresses
When a visitor gives us their email address, or sends us email correspondence, we retain their email address. We do not share our email lists with third parties for marketing purposes. We use email addresses to communicate with you regarding your orders and other matters regarding transactions between us or your customer relationship with us. We may also use your email address to share information about our Antique Lighting and Chandeliers that may be of interest to you. You may opt-out of receiving such promotional messages from us at any time through an e-mail or safe unsubscribe located throughout our site. If we do send you our Newsletter with updates and special offers, you will be given the opportunity to decline receiving similar emails in the future by using Safe Unsubscribe on the bottom of the Newsletter.
Visitor-Keyed Information
We retain information provided by our visitor, such as registration information, transaction information (e.g., dates on which customers made purchases, amounts and types of purchases) and contact information (e.g., name, address, phone number). We use UPS or another shipping company to fulfill orders, and a credit card processing company to bill you for goods and services. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any other purposes.
Telephone Numbers
Visitors who give us their telephone numbers online may receive telephone contact from Light Power / GenuineAntiqueLighting.net regarding any questions on orders or requests they have placed online.
Ad Servers
Light Power / GenuineAntiqueLighting.net does not have arrangements with any ad server companies for this website.
Security
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. We use SSL encryption to transmit sensitive informatiion. The security of your personal information is important to us. When you enter sensitive information (such as your credit card number) on our order forms, we encrypt that information using Secure Socket Layer technology (SSL).
Disclosure
If required by law, court order or in the good faith belief that disclosure is otherwise advisable, we may disclose your information.