http://georgemanzcoins.com/privacy.html
PO
BOX 3626 Regina, SK S4P 3L7 Canada
phone: (306)352-2337 Email:george@georgemanzcoins.com
Website: georgemanzcoins.com Twitter: @georgemanzcoins
-image
available
PRIVACY STATEMENT
George Manz Coins respects
the privacy of every person who visits this website. This website does
not collect any personally identifying information about individuals except
when specifically and knowingly provided by the individuals. Such information
will be used only for purposes as described at the point of collection,
and will not be transferred to any other parties unless otherwise stated
at the time of collection. While George Manz Coins will seek to require
third party content providers and other parties to adhere to its and their
privacy policies, George Manz Coins bears no responsibility for any actions
or policies of such third parties.
Users of this website should
be aware that when they voluntarily disclose personal information (i.e.,
user name, e-mail address) on bulletin boards or in chat areas, that information
can be collected and used by others and may result in unsolicited messages
from other posters or parties.
George Manz Coins may also
choose to send a text file known as a “cookie” to our users.
The cookie does not contain any personal identifying information, but
it can be used, for example, to tell how recently you have contacted our
website, and it can retain information specific to your actions and selections
on our site. We may choose to use this technology in order to provide
a more personal experience, to check whether you have visited our website
before or for other purposes, such as ad delivery, so we can tailor your
experience without violating your privacy. Cookies are stored on a user’s
hard drive, but will not damage the computer system. George Manz Coins
cannot, however, control the use of cookies or the resulting information
by advertisers or third parties hosting data for George Manz Coins If
you do not want to have cookies sent to you, your Web browser software
contains a feature that will allow you to accept or decline them. However,
if you opt to decline them, we cannot guarantee we will be able to provide
the same user experience we would if you were to accept them.
This website may contain links
to other websites. George Manz Coins is not responsible for the privacy
practices or the content of any other website.
If you have any questions
or concerns about our privacy statement, our website practices or your
dealings with our website, you may contact:
george@georgemanzcoins.com
George Manz Coins reserves
the right to change this statement at any time with reasonable notice
to users of the existence of a new privacy statement.
Copyright © George
Manz Coins 2005
Privacy Statement