https://ghees.com/privacy-policy/
Who we are
Our website address is: https://ghees.com.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact and Order forms
When you contact us via this website or place an order, any personal information you provide will be kept in our database. We may collect and store this information including, but not limited to:
Your name, address, phone number, email and ordering information
Any personal information you may present or include in email or mailed correspondence to us
Answers to surveys, polls or questionnaires, or information entered for promotions or contests whether on this site or through our social media channels
We may also receive and store certain types of information when you interact with us. For example, like many web sites, we may use “cookies” to obtain certain types of information when your Web browser accesses Company. To help us make e-mails more useful and interesting, we may receive a confirmation when you open e-mail from Company if your computer supports such capabilities. If you do not want to receive e-mail or other mail from us, please follow the unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of any e-mail message you receive from Company. Your email address will be removed from our list immediately, although you may continue to receive mail from us for up to 2 weeks.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles or pages on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
We may collect data on your usage of this site. When visiting this site, the IP address you use to access the site will be logged along with the dates and times of access. This information is used purely to analyze trends, obtain statistical data, administer the site, track users/members movement and gather broad demographic information for internal use. It is important to note that recorded IP addresses are not linked to or connected to personally identifiable information.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website, we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, accounting, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service. We do not sell or share your information with third parties.
Your contact information
Should you have any questions regarding our use of your personal information, please contact us at (318) 226-1701 or via this website at https://www.ghees.com
Free U.S. Shipping on all orders over $85! Excludes downloads. Flat rate to Canada - will call if postage varies.