http://glassstructures.com/policies.htm
Glass Structures
Home
About Us
Contact Us
Greenhouses
Greenhouse Glass
Greenhouse Parts
Greenhouse Accessories
Policies
Home : Policies
Glass Structures Limited has been building greenhouses and solariums since 1976.
Shipping
Standard Rates
These rates are for standard items, being shipped to locations in the contiguous U.S. (not Alaska or Hawaii). For any other location, please contact us for rates.
Orders Under $40: $9
Orders Under $60: $10
Orders Under $80: $12
Orders Under $100: $14
Orders Under $150: $17
Orders Under $200: $20
Orders Under $300: $30
Orders Under $400: $40
Orders Under $500: $50
Orders Under $600: $60
Orders Under $1,000: $100
Orders Under $1,400: $140
Orders Under $1,800: $180
Orders $1,800 and up: $190
Non-Standard Shipping/Handling Rates
Some products have non-standard shipping/handling rates. These products are marked in the product description. For example, insulated (double-pane) curved glass is delivered by Common Carrier and has different shipping/handling prices than our standard shipping amounts.
Shipment Method
USPS, UPS, and Common Carrier are our methods of shipment. USPS and UPS shipping charges are prepaid. Common Carrier shipping charges are COD. If your product is shipped COD, you will be charged separately by the trucking company. The shipping companies may charge an extra fee if you provide the incorrect shipping address.
Delivery Time
We normally ship standard orders within two business days, and the shipment typically arrives at the final destination within 3-9 days (continental US). Custom orders, including greenhouses, custom glass, greenhouse shades, etc. will take longer.
Returns
You may return standard orders within 30 days of receipt, in original condition and original packaging. Returned items over $100.00 need to be insured. Unless the return is a result of our error, a 10% restocking fee will be charged.
Non-Returnable Items
Non-returnable items are marked in the product description. These include custom orders, fabric shades, tension rods, flat glass, and others.
Refunds
Once we have received and processed the returned item, we will notify you of the refund. You will receive a refund in the same way you purchased the original item, less applicable restocking fee (see "returns"). We will refund shipping costs only if the return is a result of our error.
Sending Returns
Include the original paperwork and a note explaining the return, wrap the package securely, and ship the package to:
Reynolds Enterprises Inc.
50 Leigh St.
Framingham, MA. 01701
Canceling Orders
To cancel an order, contact us. Please explain what order you wish to cancel. If the order is shipped, the cancellation is not possible. We will inform you via e-mail if the cancellation is successful or not.
Availability
If an item is out of stock we will inform you via e-mail. We retain the right to refuse any order for any reason.
Privacy
Reynolds Enterprises Inc. has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for glassstructures.com
This site links to to other sites, like Better Business Bureau, Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, and other social networks. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information. Reynolds Enterprises Inc. is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
Contact Information
glassstructures.com uses a secure form allowing customers to safely shop online. Our shopping cart utilizes secure data encryption through SSL (Secure Socket Layers). Secure Socket Layers refers to a technique that helps secure a connection. SSL protects information that is sent over the Internet by encrypting it. We collect visitor's contact information (like their e-mail address). Contact information from the order form is used to send orders and information about our company to our customers. The customer's contact information is also used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings by contacting us.
Lord and Burnham Greenhouses
We have been building Lord and Burnham greenhouses for over 40 years.
Greenhouse Motors
We sell motors that can operate many different types of greenhouse vents.
Curved Glass
We provide custom size greenhouse glass, and stock many standard sizes.
Greenhouse Photos
We hope you enjoy some of our greenhouse photos we've accumulated in the last 40+ years.
View Our
Greenhouse Projects