http://glutensolutions.com/privacy-policy/
Home
About
Contact Us
Gluten Free Cooking Videos
Privacy Policy
New Gluten Free Products
Gluten SolutionsYour source for gluten free products and infoGF Articles and News
Gluten Free 101
Gluten Free Tips
Shop Gluten Free Products
Gluten Free Recipes
Privacy Policy
If you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us by email.
This privacy policy document outlines the type of personal information that is received, collected, and how it is used.
Log Files
Like many other Web sites, we make use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider ( ISP ), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
Cookies and Web Beacons
This website does not use cookies.
DoubleClick DART Cookie
.:: Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on this website.
.:: Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to users based on their visit to this website and other websites on the Internet.
.:: Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following URL – http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
Some of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our site. Our advertising partners include ….
Google Adsense
Commission Junction
Widget Bucks
Adbrite
Clickbank
Azoogle
Chitika
Linkshare
Amazon
Kontera
These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology on the advertisements and links. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies ( such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons ) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and / or to personalize the advertising content that you see.
This website has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. Our privacy policy does not apply to, nor can we control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites.
If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers’ respective websites.
EmailFacebookGoogle+PinterestTwitter
Recent Posts
New gluten-free patisserie began with chef’s desire to do the best for her family – Rochester Democrat and Chronicle
These Easy Gluten-Free Ginger Snaps Fight Inflammation With Every Bite – Well+Good
Hot cocoa bombs, cupcakes, cookie dough and other gluten free holiday treats to try in Southington – Meriden Record-Journal
Return to top of pageCopyright © 2020 · Designed by Amaraq Websites