http://gocandy.com/terms/
Menu
WHO WE ARE
FAQ
CONTACT US
CHOCOLATE COINS
Account
Search
Search
Advanced Search
Search
Home
Terms
Terms of use
PLEASE CAREFULLY REVIEW THE TERMS OF USE OF THIS SITE. As your use of the site will indicate your acceptance of these terms, do not use the site if you do not agree to be bound by these terms. We may periodically change the terms, so please check them from time to time as your continued use of the site signifies your acceptance of any changed items.
COPYRIGHT AND TRADEMARK. Unless otherwise noted, all materials on this site are protected as the copyrights, trade dress, trademarks and/or other intellectual properties owned by Personalized Chocolate (hereafter referred to as P-C) and/or its subsidiaries and affiliates or by other parties that have licensed their material to IIC.
IIC marks on this site represent some of the marks currently owned or controlled in the United States and/or in one or more other countries by P-C. The display of these marks and of notices associated with these marks is not intended to be a comprehensive compilation of all IIC worldwide proprietary ownership rights, and IIC may own or control other proprietary rights in one or more countries outside of the United States.
All rights not expressly granted are reserved.
PERSONAL USE. Your use of the materials included on this site is for informational and shopping purposes only. You agree you will not distribute, publish, transmit, modify, display or create derivative works from or exploit the contents of this site in any way. You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless IIC for any and all unauthorized uses you may make of any material on the site. You acknowledge the unauthorized use of the contents could cause irreparable harm to IIC and that in the event of an unauthorized use, IIC shall be entitled to an injunction in addition to any other remedies available at law or in equity
FEEDBACK AND SUBMISSIONS. You agree you are and shall remain solely responsible for the contents of any submissions you make, and you will not submit material that is unlawful, defamatory, abusive or obscene. You agree that you will not submit anything to the site that will violate any right of any third party, including copyright, trademark, privacy or other personal or proprietary right(s).
While we appreciate your interest in P-C, we do not want and cannot accept any ideas you consider to be proprietary regarding designs, product technology or other suggestions you may have developed. Consequently, any material you submit to this site will be deemed a grant of a royalty free non-exclusive right and license to use, reproduce, modify, display, transmit, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from and distribute these materials throughout the universe in any medium and through any methods of distribution, transmission and display whether now known or hereafter devised. In addition, you warrant that all so-called "moral rights" have been waived.
PRODUCT SALES AND AVAILABILITY. All products displayed on this site will be delivered only within the United States and Canada. All prices displayed on the site are quoted in U.S. Dollars and are valid and effective only in the United States. All prices displayed on the site are quoted in U.S. Dollars. IIC reserves the right without prior notice to discontinue or change specifications on products and services offered on this site without incurring any obligations.
LINKS. Some links on the site may allow you to connect with sites that are not under our control. IIC is providing these links only as a convenience. The appearance of a link does not imply IIC endorsement, nor is IIC responsible for the contents of any linked site. You access them at your own risk.
PRIVACY & SECURITY. For an explanation of IIC
practices and policies related to the collection, use and storage of our online guests' information, please read our Privacy Statement.
DISCLAIMER. EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE EXPRESSLY STATED WITH RESPECT TO OUR PRODUCTS, ALL CONTENTS OF THE SITE ARE OFFERED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY WHATSOEVER EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED. TCCS MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
P-C does not guarantee that the functions contained in the site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that this site or its server will be free of viruses or other harmful components, or that defects will be corrected even if IIC is aware of them.
MINORS. P-C asks that parents supervise their children while online. No information should be viewed or posted by minor children without parental consent.
JURISDICTIONAL. Any dispute arising from these terms shall be resolved exclusively in the state and federal courts of the State of Texas. IIC makes no representation that materials in this site are appropriate or available for use in other locations. If you access this site from outside the United States, be advised this site may contain references to products and services that are not available or are prohibited in your country.
continue
© 2020 Personalized Chocolate. All rights reserved.