https://goldencreations-online.com/privacy-policy/
Home / Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
By Golden Creations – 6/16/2020
All information pertaining directly to the customer is considered private. This information includes but is not limited to the following: name, mailing address, shipping address, e-mail address, telephone number, and order information. Select Golden Creations staff members are authorized to view a customer’s private information for business purposes only. A customer submits private information for the exclusive purpose of completing an order and receiving service. It is not the policy of Golden Creations to release a customer’s private information to businesses and organizations engaged in commercial mailings and the like. Golden Creations does not share personally identifiable information with any other entities without your express permission.
Golden Creations will release private information when such information is requested by federal, state, or local legal authorities. Golden Creations will also release private information whenever necessary to protect the legal and physical well-being of Golden Creations and/or other individuals associated with Golden Creations.
Golden Creations Secure Server guarantee serves as the customer’s guarantee of the security of all transactions made through the Golden Creations Secure Server because we are using integrated SSL (Secure Socket Layer) technology.
When a customer sends private information to Golden Creations through any method other than the Golden Creations Secure Server, no guarantee of the security of private information is provided.
Golden Creations has the ability to record a user’s IP address (the address that identifies a user’s computer on the Internet); however, in most cases, this information cannot be traced back to the customer. Other information accessible to Golden Creations computer systems through the Internet includes, in many cases, the customer’s computer operating system, browser software description, browser version, domain name, and referring web page. Use of Golden Creations Website implies permission given to Golden Creations to track this information for research purposes.
We are not responsible for the content or privacy policies for links to external websites that are found on GoldenCreations-Online.com.
If you have any questions or comments regarding this statement, please contact Golden Creations.
©2020 Golden Creations
CartProduct categoriesBracelets
Brooch
Clocks
Dog & Cat Jewelry
Earrings
Engagement Rings
Gifts
Men's Accessories
Necklaces
Pendants
Rings
Watches
Wedding Bands
Search for:
Recently Viewed Products
Sterling Silver NFL Steelers Logo Pendant
$95.00
14K Black and White Diamond Pendant
$2,275.00