http://gotgearmotorsports.com/policies/privacy-policy
Back to Policies
Privacy Policy
Use of this website acknowledges your consent to this privacy policy for Got Gear Motorsports
and PSM Marketing (provider of Firestorm Websites). We take your privacy seriously and we’re committed to safeguarding your privacy online.
We gather limited information from visitors and have developed this privacy policy to help you understand the terms and conditions surrounding the collection and use of your personal information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give or has been given from other direct contact from you. Your information will never be sold or rented.
We will use your information to respond to you regarding the reason you contacted us, or future marketing. Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via phone or email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
We are CCPA compliant. Any and all data collected is securely stored, and will no be sold or used for any purpose outside of the direct reason it was provided. California consumers may visit the following site and request to viewing or have us delete any personal information (PI) that has been collected:
www.psmmarketing.com/ccpa-mydata
Non-Personally Identifiable Data
Anytime you visit this web site, we may gather certain non-personally identifiable information regarding the means you use to access our site. This information may include the type and version of your browser, your service provider, your IP address and any search engine you may have used to locate the site. We use this information to help diagnose problems with our server, administer the Web site, and compile broad statistical data. In addition, we gather certain navigational information about where you go on this web site. This information enables us to determine which areas of the Web sites are most frequently visited and helps us to tailor the sites to the needs and interests of our online visitors. Such information is gathered by us in the aggregate and will not be associated with a specific individual without that individual’s consent.
Use of Cookies
Our dealership uses a browser feature known as a “cookie.” Cookies are small files placed on your hard drive that assist us in providing you with a customized browsing experience. Our dealership uses cookies to provide users with a better experience. Cookies can also be utilized to help us provide you with information targeted to your interests, based upon your prior browsing on this web site. As this web site has been designed to take advantage of the use of cookies, should you configure your browser to decline their use, certain features of this web site may not function correctly.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the phone number given on this website:
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Accessing this Web Site
This web site is hosted on servers located in the United States. As such, your connection will be through and to servers located in the U.S. Any personal information you provide during your visit will be processed and maintained on our web servers and other internal systems located within the U.S.
By using this website, you consent to the collection and use of your anonymous data, personal information, and/or form submissions for the purposes of analytics and/or advertising.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information, that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon in the address bar or looking for "https" at the beginning of the web page address.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Updates
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time and all updates will be posted on this page.
Last Updated on: 10/29/2018
Contact
,
HoursStoreServiceSunday - Monday - Tuesday - Wednesday - Thursday - Friday - Saturday - SundayMonday - Tuesday - Wednesday - Thursday - Friday - Saturday - Quick Links New Inventory
Pre-Owned Inventory
Financing  Service
Parts
Connect