https://gourmac.com/privacy/
Skip to main content
Home
Privacy
Privacy
We respect your privacy.We request contact information (like name, email, shipping address, phone number) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date) from you on our order form. This information is used for billing purposes and to fill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order or have a question about your order, this contact information is used to get in touch with you. This information may be shared with 3rd party service providers for order management purposes. This information is also used to request reviews of our products. If you decide to opt-in to our mailing list, you will receive emails that may include store news, product information, coupons and discounts, etc. If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email or you may contact us directly via email.All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.We use cookies. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since browser is a little different, look at your browser's Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. If you turn cookies off, some of the features that make your site experience more efficient may not function properly. We allow third-party behavioral tracking. Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on previous visits to our site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt-out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google Ad and Content Network privacy policy.We have implemented the following:     • Remarketing with Google AdSense     • Google Display Network Impression Reporting     • Demographics and Interests Reporting     • DoubleClick Platform IntegrationWe, along with third-party vendors such as Google use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions and other ad service functions as they relate to our website. Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative Opt Out page or by using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on. Google's advertising requirements can be summed up by Google's Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en
We use the Facebook Pixel on our website. This allows user behavior to be tracked after they have been redirected to the provider’s website by clicking on a Facebook ad. This enables us to measure the effectiveness of Facebook ads for statistical and market research purposes. The data collected in this way is anonymous to us, i.e. we do not see the personal data of individual users. However, this data is stored and processed by Facebook, which is why we are informing you, based on our knowledge of the situation. Facebook may link this information to your Facebook account and also use it for its own promotional purposes, in accordance with Facebook’s Data Usage Policy https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/. You can allow Facebook and its partners to place ads on and off Facebook. A cookie may also be stored on your computer for these purposes. For more information about how Facebook uses cookies, please see https://www.facebook.com/policies/cookies/
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.GourmacPO Box 969Canaan, CT 06018 USAinfo@gourmac.com
Close
×
OK