https://gps-planet.com/privacy-policy/
GPS Planet
HomeTruck GPS
HomeTruck GPS
We take online privacy seriously and we respect the concerns of our community of users. In this policy we describe our privacy practices with regard to information we collect through GPS-Planet.com to help you make informed decisions about how you share information when you visit or use the Site.
We do not share personal information with third-parties nor do we store information we collect about your visit to this site for use other than to analyze content performance through the use of cookies, which you can turn off at any time by modifying your Internet browser’s settings.
We are not responsible for the republishing of the content found on this site on other Web sites or media without our permission. This privacy policy is subject to change without notice.
Information That is Automatically Collected When You Visit GPS-Planet.com
When you access our site, we and our third-party partners may automatically collect certain information about your visit using tools such as cookies, web beacons, and other data collecting and tracking technologies. The information collected automatically when you visit the Site may include your IMEI and TCP/IP address, geo location information, unique device identifiers, and other information about your computer or device(s), browser types, browser language, operating system, mobile device carrier information, the state or country from which you accessed the Services along with  clickstream data (which shows the page-by-page path you take as you browse the Site), and other details that generally are not considered personally identifiable.
Cookies and Data Collection
Cookies are small files that websites and other online services use to store information about users on the users’ own computers. This Site may use cookies (such as HTTP and HTML5 cookies and Flash cookies), as well as other types of local storage. For more information about cookies, you may visithttp://www.allaboutcookies.org .
To manage the automatic data collection, our services may place tags (often referred to as “web beacons”) and other tracking mechanisms on pages on the Site. Web beacons are small files that link web pages to particular web servers and their cookies, and they may be used for a variety of purposes, such as counting the number of visitors to the Site, analyzing how users navigate around the Siteor showlinks that are viewed by visitors. Refer to the “Your Choices” section below to learn how to disable cookies.
We use third-party web analytic services, such as Clicky, on the Site to provide us with statistics and other information about visitors to the Site.Click here to learn more about Clicky and how you may opt out.
Our service providers, (Clicky) use the following cookies to track traffic through our website: Analytical Cookies that recognize and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. This allows us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
Finally, companies that provide certain third-party apps, tools, widgets, and plug-ins that may appear on the Site (for example, Amazon Affiliate Links) also may use automated means to collect information regarding your interactions with these features. This information collection is subject to the privacy policies or notices of those providers.
Do Not Track Signals
Do Not Track (“DNT”) is a privacy preference that users can set in certain web browsers. DNT is a way for users to inform online services that they do not want certain information about their webpage visits collected over time and across websites or services. We are committed to providing you with meaningful choices about the information collected on the Services for third party purposes, and that is why we provide links to the Network Advertising Initiative and the Digital Advertising Alliance opt-out pages, as well as choices provided by Google Ads, Google Analytics, and TrustArc.
Your browser settings may allow you to automatically transmit a “do not track” signal to websites and online services you visit. At this time there is no consensus among industry participants as to the meaning of “do not track” in this context. Like many other websites, the GPS-Planet.com is configured to respond to “do not track” signals from browsers. Click here to learn more about “do not track” signals.
How the Information May Be Used
We may use the information gathered on GPS-Planet for various purposes, including the purposes listed below. For example, if you were to contact us with a question and provide your email address, we would use the email address you provided to respond to your inquiry. In addition, we use information we collect from you and through the Site to:
Respond to requests, questions, and comments.
To analyze and improve the content and features of the Services or develop new Services;
To ensure that content from our website is presented in the most effective manner for you and on the device or browser from which you are accessing our Services;
To enforce the legal terms that govern your use of the Services.
To keep our website safe and secure.
Perform data analytics regarding usage of the Site (including market and customer research, trend analysis, financial analysis, and anonymization of personal information);
Guard against identity theft, and prevent fraud and other criminal activity, claims, and other liabilities;
Comply with applicable legal requirements, law enforcement requests, and our company policies; and
For other purposes that are disclosed at the time you provide your information, with your consent.
How We May Share Information
Certain analytic provider services may collect or access information through the Site to enable or provide services, tools, or other features available on the Site. We also may share information:
If we are required to do so by law, regulation, or legal process (such as a court order or subpoena);
In response to requests from government agencies, such as law enforcement authorities;
If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss, or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual illegal activity;
Your Choices
Certain browsers may be configured to notify you when you receive cookies, or allow you to restrict or disable certain cookies. If you choose to disable cookies, however, that could affect certain features of the Site that use cookies to enhance their functionality.
We may use other kinds of local storage that function similarly, but are stored in different parts of your computer from ordinary browser cookies, so called Local Shared Objects or Flash Cookies. Your browser may allow you to disable its HTML5 local storage or delete information contained in its HTML5 local storage. Click here for details about deleting information contained in “local shared objects” or adjusting related preferences.
For more information about third-party ad networks and services that use these technologies, you can visit www.aboutads.info and click here to opt out or to learn more about your options. You also may visit the NAI’s site for additional options on how to opt out of interest-based advertising.
Your usage of the website without changing your browser cookies settings will indicate your consent understanding of our use of cookies in accordance with this section of this Policy. You can change your cookie settings at any time. Please note that you can change your settings to notify you when a cookie is being set or updated, or to block cookies altogether. Please consult the “Help” section of your browser for more information (e.g., Internet Explorer; Google Chrome; Mozilla Firefox; or Apple Safari). You can also manage the use of Flash technologies, including cookies and local storage objects with the Flash management tools available at Adobe’s website. Please note that by blocking any or all cookies, you may not have access to certain features or offerings of the Services.
It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer, so we advise that you sign off when you have finished using a shared computer and strongly recommend that you do not use the browser’s password memory function as that would permit other people using your device to access your information. Moreover, we recommend that you change your password periodically.
Links from GPS-Planet to Other Websites
On this Site, we may provide links to other websites that are controlled by third parties.Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites and services. Linked websites may have their own privacy notices or policies, which we strongly suggest you review.
Some of these links may be affiliate marketing links encoded by third parties. This means that we may earn a commission when you click on or make purchases via affiliate links, and affiliate partners may use cookies to understand your use of the Services.We are not responsible for the content, usage terms, privacy policies, or any other aspects of websites that we do not own or control.
Amazon Earning Disclaimer
The GPS-Planet is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking GPS-Planet to Amazon properties Therefore, purchases are made on external affiliate company website (Amazon) and when a reader clicks on an affiliate link located on GPS-Planet to purchase an item, the reader buys the item from the seller directly (not from GPS-Planet).
Children’s Privacy
This Site is not designed or intended for use by children, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. If we become aware that we have collected personal information from a child under the age of 13, we will delete any such information.
Information for Users Outside the United States
If you are visiting GPS-Planet.com from outside the United States, please be aware that information we collect through the Site will be transferred to and stored on our servers in the United States. By using this Site, you acknowledge and consent to the transfer and processing of your personal data in the United States as described in this online privacy policy. Please be aware that the data protection laws and regulations applicable to your personal data transferred to the United States may be different from the laws in your country of residence.
How We’ll Inform You About Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update this online privacy policy periodically to reflect changes to our privacy practices, such as how we collect or use personal information. We will indicate at the top of this privacy policy the date when it was most recently updated.
How to Contact Us
If you have questions about this policy or about our privacy practices, you may contact us by emailing admin@gps-planet.com
Posts
10 Best GPS for Trucks – (Reviews and Buying Guide 2020)