https://gpssignal.com/legal.htm
Night Vision Systems
Thermal Imaging Systems
FLIR Marine
GOST Marine Security
Government Sales
GSA Advantage
Terms of Use
Contact Us
1992-2020 Nord Atlantic USA, Inc.
Legal Notice,
Copyrights, Exports and Return Policy
Important notice on
Exports
Most products sold by Nord Atlantic USA,
including, but not limited to, night vision
systems, thermal cameras and scopes, visible and
IR laser devices, unmanned aerial vehicles, and
imaging sensors, sold either as a component or
as a whole, are strictly regulated by the US
Department of State in accordance with the
guidelines in the
International Traffic in Arms (ITAR) per title
22, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts
120-130.
Therefore, if you are outside the United States,
INCLUDING Canada, you must obtain an U.S. State
Department export license.
Nord
Atlantic Trading Inc. is a registered exporter
with the U.S. State Department for ITAR
controlled electro-optical systems. U.S. export
regulations for ITAR items vary from country to
country. Please contact our sales office for
additional details.
The unlicensed
export,
or the
unauthorized resale of any ITAR restricted item,
is a violation of U.S. Federal Law
Late Fees.
Any invoice not paid within thirty (30) days of
such billing is subject to a 1.5% monthly
interest charge.  Nord Atlantic reserves the
right to use any and all means of collection
available under applicable law to collect any
amount past due.
Return Policy. Nord Atlantic USA follows a
general 15-day return policy for both defective and
non-defective products. However, some products are
non-refundable. Nord Atlantic USA does NOT and
CANNOT accept RA# requests beyond 15 days from
product delivery. Nord Atlantic USA bases
it's return policy to that of the manufacturer or
Distributor the item is shipped from. Because of
this, our return policies are subject to change at
any time and without prior notice, in order to stay
consistent with the manufacturer. Depending on the
nature and extent of the problem, all defective
items will either be replaced by Nord Atlantic USA
directly, or the customer will be referred to the
original manufacturer. A 15% restocking fee will
apply to any defective items being returned for a
refund and not a replacement. Nord Atlantic USA does
not pay shipping fees for any item(s) shipped back
to its returns warehouse or to the manufacturer.
Customers returning non-defective thermal
and night vision items will be charged a 15%
restocking fee as well as any associated shipping
costs. Such fees will be discounted from
the total amount refunded. It is the responsibility
of the customer to obtain an email from Nord
Atlantic USA, stating the return policy of any item
they wish to order, prior to placing the order. In
order to return an item, customers must obtain an
RA# (Return Authorization Number) as well as the
proper "Ship To" address. Returns information may be
obtained by sending an e-mail to
nordusa@bellsouth.net
In order to expedite the returns process, please be
sure to include the following items in your email:
Invoice #
Company Name (if
applicable)
Contact person
Please provide the Part
Number as well as the quantity of all items
returned.
Reason(s) for return or
exchange.
If the item is defective,
please provide a detailed explanation of the
problem.
Indicate whether or not the
package has been opened.
If the package has been
opened, indicate if you have the original
manufacturer's box that the item(s) were shipped
in?
If returning a defective
item, indicate whether you would like a
replacement or refund.
The
response time for RA# requests typically takes 24-48
hours. Nord Atlantic USA will not accept any return
item(s) not in their original manufacturer's box.
Should the customer not have the original box and
packaging materials, it is their responsibility to
obtain such items from the manufacturer at their own
expense. After obtaining the RA# and shipping
address, please take the following steps:
Package the ordered item(s)
securely in their original box, along with all
packaging materials.
DO NOT write on the box
itself. Shipping labels MUST be used.
Write the proper shipping
address on the self-provided labels. Remember,
returns without an RA# will NOT be accepted.
Please include your full
name, address, and RA# on the return label. The
RA# must be written on the shipping label above
the returns warehouse address.
Ship return item(s) via
UPS, FedEx, or other third-party carrier that
utilizes a tracking system and offers insurance
on shipped items. Obtaining insurance from the
carrier for the value of the item(s) in the
package is recommended. Nord Atlantic USA is not
responsible for any lost return items/packages
or any other damage that results from shipment
to our returns warehouse. The customer must
obtain and keep their tracking# in a safe place
until the return item(s) is/are received by our
returns warehouse.
After the RA# is issued,
the item(s) must be returned within 15 days from
the date of issuance. Returns will NOT be
accepted after the 15 day window from the date
the RA# was issued.
Refusal of Package. An order
cancellation may not take place on an item that has
already shipped. If a customer places an order and
then refuses the package, a 15% restocking fee will
apply. The customer will then be re-credited for the
return item(s) less a 15% restocking fee and any
shipping fees associated with the return(s).
Discontinued and phased-out
items. Returns on discontinued or phased-out items
will NOT be accepted. Return requests may only be
submitted for active items.
Purchase of
non-returnable items. Nord Atlantic USA does not
accept any returns on (including but not limited to)
non-defective, non-factory sealed memory modules,
software, storage accessories, (call to make
certain an item is returnable, prior to purchasing).
It is the responsibility of the customer to obtain
an email from Nord Atlantic USA, stating the return
policy of any item they wish to order, prior to
placing the order. To submit a return request for
the above-mentioned items, the item(s) MUST be
unopened and factory sealed.
RA#'s issued for defective items
or factory-sealed items. If Nord Atlantic USA finds
a defective return to be non-defective, the item
will be shipped back to the customer at their
expense. The same rule applies to RA#'s issued for
factory-sealed items. RA# will only be issued for
items that are unopened and still in their original
packaging and seal. If Nord Atlantic USA receives
such an item and finds that it was previously
opened, the item will be returned to the customer at
their expense. Item(s) will not be returned to the
customer if the customer refuses to provide payment
for the shipping fees to have the item(s) shipped
back to their address. If the customer refuses to
provide payment for shipping fees to have the
item(s) shipped back to their address,then the
customer agrees to surrender all right and title to
and give up all claims against Nord Atlantic USA for
credit related to the unauthorized return item(s).
Prior Authorization. Nord
Atlantic USA will not accept any return items
without prior authorization. YOU MUST FIRST OBTAIN
AN RA# TO RETURN AN ITEM. If Nord Atlantic USA
receives an unauthorized return, the item will be
returned to the customer at the customer's expense
and the customer will be charged a $55 processing
fee per shipment returned. If the customer refuses
the package with the unauthorized return items or if
the customer returns the item(s) to Nord Atlantic
USA the second time without prior authorization,
then the customer agrees to surrender all right and
title to and give up all claims against Nord
Atlantic USA for credit related to the unauthorized
return item(s).
Purchase Order buyers agree to
remit to Nord Atlantic USA by the Payment Due Date
all Nord Atlantic USA Invoices. Payments received by
Nord Atlantic USA after the Payment Due Date are
subject to interest penalties in the amount of seven
and one-half percent (7.5%) per month.
Web site materials
Whilst the information provided on this web site is
given in good faith by Nord Atlantic USA no warranty
or representation is given concerning such
information which must not be taken as establishing
any contractual or other commitment binding upon
Nord Atlantic USA or any of its subsidiary or
associated companies. Furthermore the information
contained on this Web Site may be changed or updated
without notice.
Further information
Nord
Atlantic USA has no liability either directly or
indirectly for any other Web Sites which you may
access through this site and Nord Atlantic USA has
no control over such Sites.
Nord
Atlantic USA its subsidiaries or its associated
companies will accept no liability either directly
or indirectly for any consequential damages from any
use of this Web Site including without limitation
any loss of profits, business interruption, loss of
programs or other data on information handling
systems or otherwise.
Copyright
Pages of
this Web Site contain material protected by
copyright and may not be reproduced in whole or part
without the prior written authorization of Nord
Atlantic USA.
© 1992 -
2019 Nord Atlantic USA
Corporate
Trademarks and Registered Domains
nordAtlantic.com
nightvision2020.com
nightvisionforce.com
pvs14.com
NordAtlanticUSA
gpssignal.com
By using our site,
you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the
following terms of use. Please review the following
terms carefully. If you do not agree to these terms,
you should not review information or obtain goods or
products from this site.
Acceptance of Agreement. You agree to the terms and
conditions outlined in this Warranty Agreement
("Agreement") with respect to our site (the "Site").
This Agreement constitutes the entire and only
agreement between us and you, and supersedes all
prior or contemporaneous agreements,
representations, warranties and understandings with
respect to the Site, the content, products or
services provided by or through the Site, and the
subject matter of this Agreement. This Agreement may
be amended at any time by us from time to time
without specific notice to you. The latest Agreement
will be posted on the Site, and you should review
this Agreement prior to using the Site.
Copyright. The content,
organization, graphics, design, compilation,
magnetic translation, digital conversion and other
matters related to the Site are protected under
applicable copyrights, trademarks and other
proprietary (including but not limited to
intellectual property) rights. The copying,
redistribution, use or publication by you of any
such matters or any part of the Site, except as
allowed by Section 4, is strictly prohibited. You do
not acquire ownership rights to any content,
document or other materials viewed through the Site.
The posting of information or materials on the Site
does not constitute a waiver of any right in such
information and materials.
Limited Right to Use. The
viewing, printing or downloading of any content,
graphic, form or document from the Site grants you
only a limited, nonexclusive license for use solely
by you for your own personal use and not for
republication, distribution, assignment, sublicense,
sale, preparation of derivative works or other use.
No part of any content, form or document may be
reproduced in any form or incorporated into any
information retrieval system, electronic or
mechanical, other than for your personal use (but
not for resale or redistribution).
Editing, Deleting and
Modification. We reserve the right in our sole
discretion to edit or delete any documents,
information or other content appearing on the Site.
Indemnification. You agree to
indemnify, defend and hold us and our partners,
attorneys, staff and affiliates (collectively,
"Affiliated Parties") harmless from any liability,
loss, claim and expense, including reasonable
attorney's fees, related to your violation of this
Agreement or use of the Site.
Nontransferable. Your right to
use the Site is not transferable. Any password or
right given to you to obtain information or
documents is not transferable.
Disclaimer and Limits. THE
INFORMATION FROM OR THROUGH THE SITE ARE PROVIDED
"AS-IS," "AS AVAILABLE," AND ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED, ARE DISCLAIMED (INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO THE DISCLAIMER OF ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES
OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE). THE INFORMATION AND SERVICES MAY CONTAIN
BUGS, ERRORS, PROBLEMS OR OTHER LIMITATIONS. WE AND
OUR AFFILIATED PARTIES HAVE NO LIABILITY WHATSOEVER
FOR YOUR USE OF ANY INFORMATION OR SERVICE. IN
PARTICULAR, BUT NOT AS A LIMITATION THEREOF, WE AND
OUR AFFILIATED PARTIES ARE NOT LIABLE FOR ANY
INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES (INCLUDING DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS,
LOSS OF PROFITS, LITIGATION, OR THE LIKE), WHETHER
BASED ON BREACH OF CONTRACT, BREACH OF WARRANTY,
TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), PRODUCT LIABILITY OR
OTHERWISE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
SUCH DAMAGES. THE NEGATION OF DAMAGES SET FORTH
ABOVE ARE FUNDAMENTAL ELEMENTS OF THE BASIS OF THE
BARGAIN BETWEEN US AND YOU. THIS SITE AND THE
INFORMATION WOULD NOT BE PROVIDED WITHOUT SUCH
LIMITATIONS. NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL
OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM US THROUGH THE SITE
SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY, REPRESENTATION OR
GUARANTEE NOT EXPRESSLY STATED IN THIS AGREEMENT.
ALL RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY
FOR ANY DAMAGES CAUSED BY VIRUSES CONTAINED WITHIN
THE ELECTRONIC FILE CONTAINING THE FORM OR DOCUMENT
IS DISCLAIMED. WE WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY
KIND THAT MAY RESULT FROM USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE
OUR SITE. OUR MAXIMUM LIABILITY TO YOU UNDER ALL
CIRCUMSTANCES WILL BE EQUAL TO THE PURCHASE PRICE
YOU PAY FOR ANY GOODS, SERVICES OR INFORMATION.
Use of Information. We reserve
the right, and you authorize us, to the use and
assignment of all information regarding Site uses by
you and all information provided by you in any
manner consistent with our Privacy Policy.11.
Privacy Policy. Our Privacy Policy, as it may change
from time to time, is a part of this Agreement.
Payments. You represent and
warrant that if you are purchasing something from us
that (i) any credit information you supply is true
and complete, (ii) charges incurred by you will be
honored by your credit card company, and (iii) you
will pay the charges incurred by you at the posted
prices, including any applicable taxes.
Securities Laws. This Site may
include statements concerning our operations,
prospects, strategies, financial condition, future
economic performance and demand for our products or
services, as well as our intentions, plans and
objectives, that are forward-looking statements.
These statements are based upon a number of
assumptions and estimates which are subject to
significant uncertainties, many of which are beyond
our control. When used on our Site, words like
"anticipates," "expects," "believes," "estimates,"
"seeks," "plans," "intends" and similar expressions
are intended to identify forward-looking statements
designed to fall within securities law safe harbors
for forward-looking statements. The Site and the
information contained herein does not constitute an
offer or a solicitation of an offer for sale of any
securities. None of the information contained herein
is intended to be, and shall not be deemed to be,
incorporated into any of our securities-related
filings or documents.
Copyrights and Copryright Agents. We respect the
intellectual property of others, and we ask you to
do the same. If you believe that your work has been
copied in a way that constitutes copyright
infringement, please provide our Copyright Agent the
following information:
(a) An electronic or physical signature of the
person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of
the copyright interest;
(b) A description of the copyrighted work that you
claim has been infringed;
(c) A description of where the material that you
claim is infringing is located on the Site;
(d) Your address, telephone number, and email
address;
(e) A statement by you that you have a good faith
belief that the disputed use is not authorized by
the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and
(f) A statement by you, made under penalty of
perjury, that the above information in your Notice
is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or
authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.
Our Copyright Agent for Notice of claims of
copyright infringement on the Site can be reached at
webmaster@nordatlantic.com.
Information and Press Releases.
The Site contains information and press releases
about us. While this information was believed to be
accurate as of the date prepared, we disclaim any
duty or obligation to update this information or any
press releases. Information about companies other
than ours contained in the press release or
otherwise, should not be relied upon as being
provided or endorsed by us.
Miscellaneous. This Agreement
shall be treated as though it were executed and
performed in Miami, FL, and shall be governed by
and construed in accordance with the laws of the
State of Florida (without regard to conflict of law
principles). Any cause of action by you with respect
to the Site (and/or any information, products or
services related thereto) must be instituted within
one (1) year after the cause of action arose or be
forever waived and barred. All actions shall be
subject to the limitations set forth in Section 8
and Section 10. The language in this Agreement shall
be interpreted as to its fair meaning and not
strictly for or against either party. All legal
proceedings arising out of or in connection with
this Agreement shall be brought solely in Las Vegas,
Florida. You expressly submit to the exclusive
jurisdiction of said courts and consents to
extra-territorial service of process. Should any
part of this Agreement be held invalid or
unenforceable, that portion shall be construed
consistent with applicable law and the remaining
portions shall remain in full force and effect. To
the extent that anything in or associated with the
Site is in conflict or inconsistent with this
Agreement, this Agreement shall take precedence. Our
failure to enforce any provision of this Agreement
shall not be deemed a waiver of such provision nor
of the right to enforce such provision.
Pricing and Availability. Prices
and availability are subject to change without prior
notice.