http://gracenotesretail.com/index.php?main_page=privacy
Shopping Cart 0 items   	$0.00
Home
Log In
Contact Us
My Account
Shopping Cart
Friday 11 December, 2020
Gift Certificates
Seasonal Chimes
Petite Chimes
Small Chimes
Medium Chimes
Large Chimes
Extra Lg. Chimes
Super Chimes
Deluxe Chimes
Steeple Chimes
Little Grace Notes
Wind Chime Urns
Categories
Gift Certificates (1)Seasonal Chimes (8)Petite Chimes (3)Small Chimes (11)Medium Chimes (6)Large Chimes (4)Extra Lg. Chimes (3)Super Chimes (1)Deluxe Chimes (1)Steeple Chimes (2)Little Grace Notes (4)Wind Chime Urns (1)New Products ...All Products ...
Have you seen ...
Reviews  [more]
I will never purchase any other brand of chimes again! I...
Home ::
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for www.GraceNotes.com. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this web site. It will notify you of the following:
1.
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.2.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.3.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.4.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Important Links
Company Brochure
About Us
For wholesalers/retailers
Care and Repair
Personalized Engraving
Grace Note Testimonials
Photo Gallery
Gift Cards
Seasonal Chimes
Recycling Program
Tabletop Chimes
Links
Locations
Photo Gallery
Information
Shipping & Returns
Privacy Notice
Conditions of Use
Contact Us
Site Map
Gift Certificate FAQ
Discount Coupons
Newsletter Unsubscribe
Search
Advanced Search
New Products  [more]
LAUT :: Large Autumn Seasonal Wind Chime$286.80 Sale: $186.42Save: 35% offMSPR :: Medium Spring Seasonal Wind Chime$226.80 Sale: $147.42Save: 35% offLWINT :: Large Winter Seasonal Wind Chime$286.80 Sale: $186.42Save: 35% off
Bestsellers
1M :: Medium Earthsong Wind Chimes
3S :: Small Himalayan Echo Wind...
3M :: Medium Himalayan Echo Wind...
4M :: Medium Summer Daydream Wind...
1S :: Small Earthsong Wind Chime
6M :: Medium Stardust Wind Chimes
1LGN :: Little Grace Note...
1L :: Large Earthsong Wind Chimes
5S :: Small Island Melody Wind...
2PT :: Petite Treasure of Heaven...
Currencies
US Dollar
Euro
GB Pound
Canadian Dollar
Australian Dollar
Home
Your IP Address is:
72.182.10.230
Copyright © 2020 Grace Note Windchimes. Powered by Zen Cart
Shopping Cart & CMS set up and maintained by Wild Pete Web ServicesFedEx service marks used by permission.