https://grandmahoerners.com/privacy-policies/
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website!Ok
BUY 12 PRODUCTS, GET 2 PRODUCTS FREE!
Our Privacy Policies
COPYRIGHT POLICY
Please read the following terms of use and disclaimer carefully before using this web site (this “SITE”). By accessing or using this site, you agree to these terms of use. If you do not agree to these terms you may not use this site. Copyright (c) Grandma Hoerner’s Foods, INC All rights reserved. This Site and the contents of the Site are intended for your personal, noncommercial use. The Site contains copyrighted material, including, without limitation, text, software, photos, audio and video clips, graphics, illustrations, images, logos, and music and sound (collectively, the “Site Content”). This Site is protected by copyright as a collective work, pursuant to U.S. copyright laws, international conventions, and other copyright laws. You may not modify, publish, adapt, transmit, participate in the transfer or sale, exhibit, distribute, display, reverse engineer, decompile, dissemble, perform, reproduce, create derivative works from, or in any way exploit any of the Site Content, in whole or in part. Downloading or copying Site Content is expressly prohibited without the prior written permission of Grandma Hoerner’s Foods, INC. You may not download or copy any of the product listings, descriptions, or prices, nor may you frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or copyrighted material from the Site or use any meta tags or any other hidden text utilizing our names or trademarks, without our express written consent. Permission is granted to download, print and store selected portions of the Site Content, provided you (1) only use these copies of the Site Content for your own personal, non-commercial use, (2) do not copy or post the Site Content on any network computer or broadcast the Site Content in any media, and (3) do not modify or alter the Site Content in any way, or delete or change any copyright or trademark notice. No right, title or interest in any downloaded materials is transferred to you as a result of any such downloading. Grandma Hoerner’s Foods, INC reserves complete title and full intellectual property rights in any Site Content you download from this Site. Any other use of materials on this site, including reproduction for purposes other than those noted above, modification, distribution, or republication, without prior written permission of Grandma Hoerner’s Foods, INC. is strictly prohibited. You shall be solely responsible and liable for any and all damages resulting from any infringement of copyrights, proprietary rights, or any other harm resulting from any uploading, posting or submission of our content to another Site.
INFORMATION POLICY
What Information We Collect and How We Use It When you purchase products from GrandmaHoerners.com, we collect your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address and credit card information. First, we use this information to fulfill your order and to communicate with you about your order. In fulfilling your order, we only share your personal information with outside parties to the extent necessary to fulfill your order. Below, please find more information regarding your privacy and what personal information Grandma Hoerner’s collects from you. Your First Purchase from GrandmaHoerners.com – Based upon the preferences you select, we will use the information you provide to:
Place you on our e-mail newsletter list to receive e-mail newsletters with recipes, special offers and updates about products and services, unless you deselect the checkbox at checkout giving us permission to do so.
Place you on our direct mail/catalog list to receive direct mail and printed catalogs with special offers and updates about products and services, unless you deselect the checkbox at checkout giving us permission to do so.
YOU SUBSEQUENT PURCHASES FROM GRANDMAHOERNERS.COM
If you have purchased product from GrandmaHoerners.com before, unless you edit your membership account profile or notify us, your subscription status will remain unchanged. When you send a gift and want it sent directly to the recipient, you will need to submit the recipient’s name and postal address. We use this information to ship the product and confirm delivery and also reserve the right to add their information to our direct mail databases. Information you provide us to create a gift message is only used for that purpose, and it is only disclosed to the person receiving the gift. When you send us an e-mail to GrandmaHoerners.com, we collect your name and e-mail address and use this to reply to your inquiry. We do not retain your name and email address to be used for any other reasons but to assist you. When you register login of GrandmaHoerners.com, we collect your name, address, telephone number and e-mail address. You can use your Membership Account to update your account information, save addresses, save your favorite recipes, track orders, and set up convenient email reminders. We also use the information you provide to:
Place you on our e-mail newsletter lists to receive e-mails with recipes, special offers and updates about products and services unless you deselect the checkbox giving us permission to do so; and
Place you on our direct mail/catalog list to receive from us direct mail and printed catalogs with special offers and updates about products and services unless you deselect the checkbox giving us permission to do so.
If you want to be removed from a list, simply follow the instructions in the section “Reviewing, Changing Your Information or Unsubscribing” below. By e-mail: Send an email request to sales@grandmahoerners.com including your name, address, email address and request.
NOTICE OF CHANGES
GrandmaHoerners.com’s Privacy Policy is subject to change without notice. At any time, you may visit our website to view the current policy.
© Grandma Hoerner's Foods, Inc. - All rights reserved.
Shipping & Order Policies
• Privacy Policies • Security Policies