https://grandpasart.com/privacy-policy/
Search for:
Home / Privacy Policy
Hi, and thanks for visiting Grandpa’s Art’s Privacy Policy.
This Policy describes the information we gather from you and how we use that information. It applies to any of the Services that Grandpa’s Art or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates provide.
Protecting your information—and being open about the ways Grandpa’s Art uses it—is one of the essential vows we make to you. You trust us with your private information, and we take our responsibility to protect that trust very seriously.
What We Collect
In order for you to purchase a product and use our Services, we need to collect and process some information. Depending on your use of the Services, that may include:
Information that you provide by completing forms on Grandpa’s Art— your name, email and postal addresses, telephone number, and country of residence. We will ask for this information if you purchase any products, subscribe to our newsletters, upload or submit any material through Grandpa’s Art, or request any information;
Details of any requests or transactions you make through the Services. All payment information you submit is collected and used by our payment processors in accordance with their privacy policies. Grandpa’s Art doesn’t store your payment information apart from the last four digits of your account, expiration date, and country, which we require for tax, government regulatory, and security purposes;
Information about your activity on and interaction with Grandpa’s Art (such as your IP address, the type of device or browser you use, and your actions on the site);
Communications you send to us (for example, when you ask for support, send us questions or comments, or report a problem); and
Information that you submit to Grandpa’s Art in the form of comments, contributions to discussions, or messages to other users.
How we Use this Information
We use the information we collect for the following purposes:
To keep your account secure;
To enable us to provide you with our Services, and to improve, promote, and protect our Services;
To set up and administer your account, contact you, and customize your experience on Grandpa’s Art (for example, to show you prints that we think may interest you based on your previous use); and
To track use of the Services so that we can improve Grandpa’s Art.
How is this Information Shared
Information that’s shared publicly
When you submit your images, we create a featured artist page for you on Grandpasart.com, containing your name, images, and bio. Here are some of the things that will be publicly viewable from business submission, or elsewhere on Grandpa's Art:
Your name, and the date it was created;
Any information you choose to add to your bio;
Artist are asked to verify their identities before their images are posted. Once this has been done, the Artist Verified Name will be publicly displayed on the featured artist page.
Information that isn’t shared publicly
The following data will not be publicly displayed or revealed to other users:
Any payment information you provide;
Your IP address;
Communications you send to us (for example, when you ask for support, send us questions or comments, or report a problem).
We never post anything to your Facebook, Twitter, or other third-party accounts without your permission. We do not and will not sell your data.
Information that’s shared with trusted third-party services
We may share your information with certain trusted third-party services to help us provide, improve, promote, or protect Grandpa’s Art Services (like when we partner with payment processors, or use services that help us manage our ads on other sites). When we share data with third-party services that support our delivery of the Grandpa’s Art Services, we require that they use your information only for the purposes we’ve authorized, and that they protect your personal information at least to the same standards we do. We may also share information that’s aggregated and anonymized in a way that it doesn’t directly identify you.
Information that’s shared to protect Grandpa’s Art & comply with the law
We do reserve the right to disclose personal information when we believe that doing so is reasonably necessary to comply with the law or law enforcement, to prevent fraud or abuse, or to protect Grandpa’s Art legal rights.
Email
We want to communicate with you only if you want to hear from us. We try to keep emails to a minimum and give you the ability to opt out of any marketing communications we send.
We will send you email relating to your transactions on Grandpa’s Art. You will also receive certain marketing email communications, in accordance with your preferences, and from which you may opt out at any time.
We’ll also send you service-related announcements when it’s necessary to do so.
Access to Your Information
To modify or delete the personal information you’ve provided to us, please let us know and we will make the necessary changes. We may retain certain information as required by law or for necessary business purposes.
On request, we will give you a copy of all the personal information about you that we hold. This information is subject to a fee not exceeding the prescribed fee permitted by law.
Wrap-up
People under 18 (or the legal age in your jurisdiction) are not permitted to use Grandpa’s Art on their own, and so this privacy policy makes no provision for their use of the site.
Information that you submit through the Services may be transferred to countries other than where you reside (for example, to our servers in the United States). We will protect all information we receive in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
June Summer Sale Happening Right Now! Dismiss