https://greensfirst.com/terms-and-conditions
Toggle navigation
0 item(s)
Member Login
Register Account
Forgot Password
Home
Products
Healthcare Professionals
Greens First TV
GF Blog
Testimonials
About Us
Contact Us
Products
PATIENTS / CLIENTS CLICK HERE TO ENTER HEALTHCARE PROVIDER CODE
×
Please enter your healthcare provider code
Submit
Do not have a healthcare provider code?
Click here to continue
* Please make sure that the code is correct or contact your healthcare provider
Vitamin C-1000mg with Rose Hips
Greens First
Greens First – 60 Servings
Greens First Berry
Greens First Berry - 60 Servings
Greens First Chocolate
Greens First Travel Packet (15 per box)
Greens First Berry Travel Packet (15 per box)
Greens First Chocolate Travel Packets (15 per box)
Greens First Capsules PRO
Dream Protein Samples
Dream Protein
Dream Protein Plant Based
Greens First Healthy Living Kit
Greens First Boost
Greens First Boost Travel Pack
Greens First Wellness Shake
AM/PM Full Body Cleanse
Deacidify Kit
Greens First Acid Neutralizer PRO
Greens First Acid Neutralizer PRO - Grape (vegan)
pH Test Kit
ph Alkalizer PM
ph Alkalizer PM PRO Capsules
Omega - 3 First
Ahiflower VEGAN Omega Oil
Green Tea Vitality Formula, Enhanced with Moringa
Rice Fiber First
Relief First
Alkalize Now Kit
Greens First Female Women’s Health Probiotics
Greens First Female SeraMense™ PMS Powder
SeraMense™ Capsules
Greens First Female MenoSolve™ Menopause Powder
MenoSolve™ Capsules
ConceEVE
Prenatal with Vegan DHA
Shaker Cup Twist-On Lid
Alkalize Now – eBook
Green First Lean Control
Green First Lean Carb Blocker
Green First Lean Stress & Craving
Green First Lean AMP UP Plus B-12
Green First Lean Natural Energy & Adrenal Support
Greens First Lean Protein 5 Plus
Hemp Plus Greens 900 mg
Ultimate CBD Relief Skin Support Cream
Ultimate CBD Relief Body Massage Oil
Ultimate CBD Relief Targeted Topical Cream 350 mg
Ultimate CBD Relief Targeted Topical Cream 700 mg
Ultimate CBD Relief Targeted Gel Roller
Greens First Lean Fat Blocker
All Articles & Research
Chronic Health Conditions -Alternatives For RX
The Power Of PH Balancing
All Articles & Research PDFs
View more
Testimonials
: Leading Professionals Recommend and Use The DeAcidify Kit
Kim M.: Wanted to write...
J. Rhodes: " Prior to using Greens First Female my monthly menstrual was terrible,
vomiting, crampin...
Anna Hines: “If you are looking to gain energy or looking to increase your overall wellness, Greens Fir...
Dr. Ken Patterson: A tasting station set up by a wonderful Greens First Healthcare Provider
Company Info
Disclaimer
Help
Home
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
PLEASE READ THIS ENTIRE AGREEMENT CAREFULLY. IT CONTAINS IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT YOUR RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS, AS WELL AS LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSIONS.
STORE TERMS
By agreeing to these Terms, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site.
You may not use our products for any illegal or unauthorized purpose nor may you, in the use of the Service, violate any laws in your jurisdiction (including but not limited to copyright laws).
You must not transmit any worms or viruses or any code of a destructive nature.
A breach or violation of any of the Terms will result in an immediate termination of your Services.
GENERAL CONDITIONS
We reserve the right to refuse service to anyone for any reason at any time.
You understand that your content (not including credit card information), may be transferred unencrypted and involve (a) transmissions over various networks; and (b) changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices. Credit card information is always encrypted during transfer over networks.
You agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit any portion of the Service, use of the Service, or access to the Service or any contact on the website through which the service is provided, without express written permission by us.
The headings used in this agreement are included for convenience only and will not limit or otherwise affect these Terms.
ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS AND TIMELINESS OF INFORMATION
We are not responsible if information made available on this site is not accurate, complete or current. The material on this site is provided for general information only and should not be relied upon or used as the sole basis for making decisions without consulting primary, more accurate, more complete or more timely sources of information. Any reliance on the material on this site is at your own risk.
This site may contain certain historical information. Historical information, necessarily, is not current and is provided for your reference only. We reserve the right to modify the contents of this site at any time, but we have no obligation to update any information on our site. You agree that it is your responsibility to monitor changes to our site.
MODIFICATIONS TO PRICES
Prices for our products are subject to change without notice.
We reserve the right at any time to modify or discontinue the Service (or any part or content thereof) without notice at any time.
We shall not be liable to you or to any third-party for any modification, price change, suspension or discontinuance of the Service.
PRODUCTS OR SERVICES
Certain products or services may be available exclusively online through the website. These products or services may have limited quantities and are subject to return or exchange only according to our Return Policy.
We have made every effort to display as accurately as possible the colors and images of our products that appear at the store. We cannot guarantee that your computer monitor’s display of any color will be accurate.
We reserve the right, but are not obligated, to limit the sales of our products or Services to any person, geographic region or jurisdiction. We may exercise this right on a case-by-case basis. We reserve the right to limit the quantities of any products or services that we offer. All descriptions of products or product pricing are subject to change at anytime without notice, at the sole discretion of us. We reserve the right to discontinue any product at any time. Any offer for any product or service made on this site is void where prohibited.
We do not warrant that the quality of any products, services, information, or other material purchased or obtained by you will meet your expectations, or that any errors in the Service will be corrected.
ACCURACY OF BILLING AND ACCOUNT INFORMATION
We reserve the right to refuse any order you place with us. We may, in our sole discretion, limit or cancel quantities purchased per person, per household or per order. These restrictions may include orders placed by or under the same customer account, the same credit card, and/or orders that use the same billing and/or shipping address. In the event that we make a change to or cancel an order, we may attempt to notify you by contacting the e-mail and/or billing address/phone number provided at the time the order was made. We reserve the right to limit or prohibit orders that, in our sole judgment, appear to be placed by dealers, resellers or distributors.
You agree to provide current, complete and accurate purchase and account information for all purchases made at our store. You agree to promptly update your account and other information, including your email address and credit card numbers and expiration dates, so that we can complete your transactions and contact you as needed.
For more detail, please review our Returns Policy.
USER COMMENTS, FEEDBACK AND OTHER SUBMISSIONS
If, at our request, you send certain specific submissions (for example contest entries) or without a request from us you send creative ideas, suggestions, proposals, plans, or other materials, whether online, by email, by postal mail, or otherwise (collectively, ‘comments’), you agree that we may, at any time, without restriction, edit, copy, publish, distribute, translate and otherwise use in any medium any comments that you forward to us. We are and shall be under no obligation (1) to maintain any comments in confidence; (2) to pay compensation for any comments; or (3) to respond to any comments.
We may, but have no obligation to, monitor, edit or remove content that we determine in our sole discretion are unlawful, offensive, threatening, libelous, defamatory, pornographic, obscene or otherwise objectionable or violates any party’s intellectual property or these Terms.
You agree that your comments will not violate any right of any third-party, including copyright, trademark, privacy, personality or other personal or proprietary right. You further agree that your comments will not contain libelous or otherwise unlawful, abusive or obscene material, or contain any computer virus or other malware that could in any way affect the operation of the Service or any related website. You may not use a false e-mail address, pretend to be someone other than yourself, or otherwise mislead us or third-parties as to the origin of any comments. You are solely responsible for any comments you make and their accuracy. We take no responsibility and assume no liability for any comments posted by you or any third-party.
PERSONAL INFORMATION
Your submission of personal information through the store is governed by our Privacy Policy.
ERRORS, INACCURACIES AND OMISSIONS
Occasionally there may be information on our site or in the Service that contains typographical errors, inaccuracies or omissions that may relate to product descriptions, pricing, promotions, offers, product shipping charges, transit times and availability. We reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions, and to change or update information or cancel orders if any information in the Service or on any related website is inaccurate at any time without prior notice (including after you have submitted your order).
We undertake no obligation to update, amend or clarify information in the Service or on any related website, including without limitation, pricing information, except as required by law. No specified update or refresh date applied in the Service or on any related website, should be taken to indicate that all information in the Service or on any related website has been modified or updated.
PROHIBITED USES
In addition to other prohibitions as set forth in the Terms, you are prohibited from using the site or its content: (a) for any unlawful purpose; (b) to solicit others to perform or participate in any unlawful acts; (c) to violate any international, federal, provincial or state regulations, rules, laws, or local ordinances; (d) to infringe upon or violate our intellectual property rights or the intellectual property rights of others; (e) to harass, abuse, insult, harm, defame, slander, disparage, intimidate, or discriminate based on gender, sexual orientation, religion, ethnicity, race, age, national origin, or disability; (f) to submit false or misleading information; (g) to upload or transmit viruses or any other type of malicious code that will or may be used in any way that will affect the functionality or operation of the Service or of any related website, other websites, or the Internet; (h) to collect or track the personal information of others; (i) to spam, phish, pharm, pretext, spider, crawl, or scrape; (j) for any obscene or immoral purpose; or (k) to interfere with or circumvent the security features of the Service or any related website, other websites, or the Internet. We reserve the right to terminate your use of the Service or any related website for violating any of the prohibited uses.
TERMINATION
The obligations and liabilities of the parties incurred prior to the termination date shall survive the termination of this agreement for all purposes.
These Terms are effective unless and until terminated by either you or us. You may terminate these Terms at any time by notifying us that you no longer wish to use our Services, or when you cease using our site.
If in our sole judgment you fail, or we suspect that you have failed, to comply with any term or provision of these Terms, we also may terminate this agreement at any time without notice and you will remain liable for all amounts due up to and including the date of termination; and/or accordingly may deny you access to our Services (or any part thereof).
ENTIRE AGREEMENT
These Terms and any policies or operating rules posted by us on this site or in respect to The Service constitutes the entire agreement and understanding between you and us and govern your use of the Service, superseding any prior or contemporaneous agreements, communications and proposals, whether oral or written, between you and us (including, but not limited to, any prior versions of the Terms).
Any ambiguities in the interpretation of these Terms shall not be construed against the drafting party.
CHOICE OF LAW AND FORUM
To the fullest extent permitted by law, these Terms and their subject matter shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the state of Ohio.
Any dispute arising out of these Terms, the use of this site, and/or the purchase or use of our products shall be initiated through arbitration as described in Section 13 above. However, you consent to litigate any dispute concerning the language of the arbitration provision in Section 13 in a state or federal court located in Hamilton County, Ohio.
NO WAIVER
If we fail to insist that you perform any obligations under these Terms, or if we do not enforce our rights against you, or if we delay in doing so, that will not mean that we have waived such rights and will not mean that you do not have to comply with your obligations. If we do waive a failure or breach by you, we will only do so in writing and that will not mean that we automatically waive any future failure of breach by you.
CONTACT INFORMATION
info@greensfirst.com
(866) 410-1818
Wellness Watchers Global, LLC
1289 Clint Moore Road
Boca Raton, FL 33487