https://greghoward.gallery/terms-conditions/
VIP Collectors/VIP Artists Newsletter Sign UpContactFAQMy accountCheckout 0 Items
The Boring Legal Stuff 1. Who are you dealing with?https://GregHoward.Gallery is the official website for U.K based professional artist Greg Howard – That’s me!The trading name Greg Howard Fine Art Studio is also registered/belongs to me.Registered trading address is: Greg Howard Fine Art Studio, 17 Turnstone Crescent, Askam-in-Furness, Cumbria LA16 7JT.2. Privacy Policy & Cookies (not the biscuits!)This website is owned and maintained by me Greg Howard and I am the fat data controller.Any personal data you provide during your visit to the website will be used solely to provide the information, goods and services offered through my website to you, for billing and order fulfillment.All payments made through the site are processed by either Stripe or Paypal who I have it on good authority utilise the highest security measures available in the universe and possibly further. If you choose to pay for any purchase via BACS transfer your bank is directly responsible for dealing with this.Please note that I do not at any point personally have access to any credit or debit card details that you may provide during checkout.VIP Club/Email newsletterIf you sign up to my VIP Club newsletter (which I hope you do) I may use your email address to occasionally send you information about products or services that I feel you may be interested in hearing about this will probably be about once or twice a month or maybe even less than that as I am not the most organised of people when it comes to this. I will however not spam you!! – I can almost guarantee that I get way more spam emails than most of you do and I hate it with a passion so please rest assured that I am not about to do the same thing to someone else.You can opt out of these emails at any point by using the unsubscribe link at the bottom of the email. This will mean however that we won’t be friends anymore and that I won’t send you a Christmas card lol!Please note your email address will never be passed on to anyone else by me or my mailing list software provider….EVER!Cookie MonstersThis site uses cookies. So what are they? Basically they are small text files that are placed on your machine to help the site provide a better user experience for you. In general, cookies are used to retain user preferences, store information for things like shopping baskets, and provide anonymised tracking data to third party applications like Google Analytics, Facebook Pixels, Active Campaign or Mailchimp to help keep me up to date with where my visitors are coming from and how they are using the site.  Cookies also help me to keep my site as up to date, relevant and as error-free as possible. It’s a big job and my little cookie helpers make it easier which means I have more time to do what I do best i.e. paint!Cookies fall into a number of categories which are as follows:Strictly necessary cookies - These are cookies that are essential to the operation of the website (e.g. Cookies used at checkout).Analytical/performance cookie – These cookies allow me to recognise and count the number of visitors to my website.Functionality cookies - These cookies are used to recognise you when you return to my website.Targeting Cookies - These cookies record your visit to my website, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed.As a rule, cookies will make your browsing experience better. However, you may prefer to disable cookies on this site and on others. The most effective way to do this is to disable cookies in your browser. We suggest consulting the Help section of your browser or taking a look at the About Cookies website which offers guidance for all modern browsers. Please be aware however that disabling cookies will usually prevent a website from working to it’s full potential for you.Disclosure of personal dataAny personal data I hold on you is used only to support your experience on my website. Details you provide when you place an order are used to process & dispatch your order and to request feedback or a review from you. Reviews are processed by Trustpilot and review invitations are automatically sent by Trustpilot seven days after you have placed your order, in order to facilitate this I share your name & email address for the sole purpose of them sending you an invitation and then processing any review you may provide. Please note providing a review is not mandatory it just helps other shoppers make an educated decision on whether or not they wish to shop with me.If you are concerned about your data, you have the right to request access to a copy of any personal data which I may hold about you or indeed you can also me to delete it completely - please note however this only makes sense if you absolutely have no intention of ever using my services or website again.3. Product informationI will try to keep any information provided in product descriptions up to date but cannot be held responsible for any changes made by suppliers that I am not made aware of which unfortunately tends to happen more than you will ever know in this industry.If you have received any art materials that are not what you are expecting for whatever reason you are free to return them within 14 days of receipt for a full refund. Please ensure however that you contact me first to arrange this as some items may need to be returned to different addresses.4. Right to cancelHopefully you won’t want to but if you do you have the right to cancel the purchase of an item without having to give a reason (although a reason is always nice) at any time within the “cooling off period” of fourteen working days, beginning on the day after you receive the goods.If you are in possession of the goods you are under the duty to retain them and take reasonable care of them. You must send the goods back to me to the address provided at your own cost (unless I sent the item/s to you in error or the item/s is/are damaged or defective) as soon as possible once you have contacted me to inform me of your intent to return.I reserve the right to make a charge not exceeding any direct costs of recovering the goods if you do not return the goods or return them at my expense.Any amounts taken for returned goods will be refunded to you as soon as I am in receipt. Although I process refunds immediately sometimes there can be a short delay with the payment service providers getting the money back to you so please allow up to 14 working days for any refund to show up in your bank account before shouting at me. I’m an artist and very sensitive so I don’t like people shouting at me.You will unfortunately not have any right to cancel a purchase for the supply of any of the following goods:Commissioned or personalised ArtworkAudio or Video DownloadsDesktop/Screen Savers5. NoticesAny notices you send me must be sent to the contact details on this site. I may give notice to you at either the email or postal address you provide me with when making a purchase. (Notice will be deemed received and properly served 24 hours after an email is sent or three days after the date of posting of any letter.) In providing the service of any notice, it will be sufficient to prove, in the case of a letter, that the letter was properly addressed, stamped and placed in the post and, in the case of an email that the email was sent to the specified email address of the addressees.6. ConclusionThese terms are governed by English law as we are in England. Any contract for the purchase of goods from this site and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with any such contract will be governed by English law. You and I both agree that the courts of England and Wales will have non-exclusive jurisdiction. However, if you are a resident in Northern Ireland you may also bring proceedings in Northern Ireland, and if you are a resident in Scotland you may also bring proceedings in Scotland.If you have any questions regarding any other legal point/s not raised here please do not hesitate to contact me, however please be aware that I am not a lawyer so may need to take advice before providing an answer.Edited: 23/05/2018
Like this:Like Loading...
1
Pin It on Pinterest
Share This
Facebook
Twitter
Google+
Pinterest
%d bloggers like this:
Cookie Monsters Notice!My site uses cookies. If you need more information on this click hereI'm o.k with that!