http://growth-flexv.com/privacy.html
.Get Taller
PRIVACY POLICY
We respect and are committed to protecting your privacy. That is why we have adopted this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy lets you know how your personal information is processed and used. We promise that we will take steps to use your personal information only in ways that are compatible with this Privacy Policy.
About this site.
In our effort to bring you up-to-date, accurate product and resource information, we use various expert sources and studies to develop site content. As a result, you may find slight differences in statistics and/or percentages across various articles—because different sources can view data differently.
What are cookies?
From time to time, www.growth-flexv.com
may send a “cookie” to your computer. A cookie is a small piece of data that is sent to your Internet browser from a Web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive. A cookie can’t read data off of your computer hard disk or read cookie files created by other Web sites. Cookies do not damage your system. We use cookies to identify which areas of www.growth-flexv.com ’s Network you have visited or customized, so the next time you visit; those pages may be readily accessible. Our advertisers may also use cookies to ascertain how many times you’ve seen an advertisement. Our advertisers and we may use this information to better personalize the content, banners, and promotions that you see on our site. You can choose whether to accept cookies by changing the settings of your Internet browser. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies, or allow your browser to show you when a cookie is being sent. If you choose not to accept these cookies, your experience at our Site and other Web sites may be diminished and some features may not work as intended.
Security of your information.
We take reasonable steps to protect your personal information as you transmit your information from your computer to our site and to protect such information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. You should keep in mind that no Internet transmission is ever 100% secure or error-free. www.growth-flexv.com works hard to ensure that our systems are secure and that they meet industry standards. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate procedures to safeguard and secure the Personal Information we collect online.
Website visitor information.
www.growth-flexv.com routinely gathers information on Website activities, such as data on how many people visit the Website, the pages they visit, where they come from, how long they stay, etc. Website visitor information is collected on an aggregate, anonymous basis, which means that no Personal Information is associated with this data. Such information is gathered through the use of web server logs. A web server log is a file where Website activity is stored
Who may use this web site?
This Website is not intended for use by minors , and to individuals who can form legally binding contracts under applicable law. By using www.growth-flexv.com , you represent and warrant that you meet these criteria and you agree to have the ability under appli- cable law to enter into a legally binding contract. Any persons aged 16-17 must only use the Site and Company’s products and services if under the close supervision and direct involvement of a parent or guardian
What information are you collecting and how are you collecting it?
Every computer connected to the Internet is given a domain name and a set of numbers that serve as that computer’s “Internet Protocol” IP address. When a visitor requests a page from any Web site within the
www.growth-flexv.com
Network, our Web servers automatically recognize that visitor’s domain name and IP address. The domain name and IP address reveal nothing personal about you other than the IP address from which you have accessed our site. We use this information to examine our traffic in aggregate, and to investigate misuse of the
www.growth-flexv.com Network, its users, or to cooperate with law enforcement. See also Will you disclose the information you collect to outside third parties? We do not collect and evaluate this information for specific individuals. Our Web servers do not automatically record e-mail addresses of the visitors.
What information do you collect when I purchase something?
If you are purchasing something from an www.growth-flexv.com property, we need to know your name, e-mail address, mailing address, credit card number and expiration date. This allows us to process and fulfill your order and to notify you of your order status. This information may also be used by us to notify you of related products and services. Credit card and e-mail information will not be shared or sold to third parties for any purpose except as provided in this Privacy Policy without your express permission.
Certain www.growth-flexv.com properties use a shopping cart feature that safeguards this information by using industry standard SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encrypted servers. SSL codes the information transferred between you and the server, rendering it unreadable to anyone trying to intercept the information. Other www.growth-flexv.com properties do not use SSL and thereby do not offer a secure coded way to transfer information. Wherever www.growth-flexv.com collects personal information we make an effort to include a link to this Privacy Policy on that page.
What other information do you request?
We may also request your e-mail address or mailing address for the purposes of conducting a survey or to provide additional services (for example, subscriptions to e-mail newsletters, announcement lists or information about conferences and trade shows). Whenever we request the identity of a visitor, we will clearly indicate the purpose of the inquiry before the information is requested. We maintain a strict “No-Spam” policy that means that we do not sell, rent, or otherwise give your e-mail address to a third-party, without your consent or as permitted by this Privacy Policy.
We may from time to time send e-mail announcing new www.growth-flexv.com
products and services. Except as stated above, www.growth-flexv.com will not send you e-mail that you have not agreed to receive. If you choose to supply your postal address in an online form, you may receive postal mailings from other third party companies.
When you register for a contest or other promotion, we may ask for your name, address, and e-mail address so we can administer the contest and notify winners.
E-mail, Feedback and Forum facilities.
If at any time this Website offers any e-mail, feedback or forum facilities, we may collect the information, which you disclose. Such information will be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Keeping our records accurate
We aim to keep our information about you as accurate as possible. If you would like to review or change the details you have supplied us with, please contact us as set out below.
Third party links.
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Use of your personal information submitted to other websites. We cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of other websites even if: you accessed the third party website using links from our Website; or you linked to our Website from a third party website. We recommend that you check the policy of each site you visit and contact the owner or operator of such website if you have any concerns or questions.
Will you disclose the information you collect to outside third parties?
www.growth-flexv.com will disclose personal information and/or an IP address, when required by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to:
Cooperate with the investigations of purported unlawful activities and conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on www.growth-flexv.com.
Protect and defend the rights or property of the www.growth-flexv.com
and related properties, or visitors to the www.growth-flexv.com and related properties.
Identify persons who may be violating the law, the www.growth-flexv.com
legal notice and Web site User Agreement, the rights of third parties, or otherwise misusing the www.growth-flexv.com
Network or its related properties,
Fulfill a user’s order or request.
www.growth-flexv.com
uses reasonable precautions to keep the information disclosed to us secure. Furthermore, we are not responsible for any breach of security or for any actions of any third parties that receive the information. We are not responsible for such third party privacy policies or how they treat information about their users.
Will this privacy policy change?
[Your Email Address] reserves the right to modify, add or remove portions of this Privacy Policy at any time and from time to time, acting in its sole and unfettered discretion. If we decide to change this Privacy Policy, we will post those changes on the Website, which will be effective immediately upon posting.
Your Consent to this Privacy Policy Agreement.
By using the www.growth-flexv.com , you consent to the collection and use of information by www.growth-flexv.com as specified above.
If you have any questions, concerns or complaints about this privacy and the handling of your personal information or would like to remove your information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our service, please write to our Privacy Officer: [service@grwoth-flexv.com]. However, we are not responsible for an unauthorized person illegally obtaining and using your personal information.
http://www.growth-flexv.com
53547 Rpo Noth-Gate,
S.L., Qc. Canada
H4L5J9
Contact e-mail - service@growth-flexv.com
.How To Grow Taller