https://gyrostools.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Dear Visitor:
Your privacy is important to us. This privacy policy is designed to inform you of what information Gyrostools.com collects, why we gather such information and how we use it.
You can browse our website without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself. Any personally identifiable information such as a first and last name, home and/or billing address, email address, phone and credit card numbers, will only be provided to Gyros by you, our visitor. When you submit your personally identifiable information to us, you are giving us your consent to the collection, use and disclosure of that information as set forth in this privacy policy.
Gyros is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different than what is disclosed below.
If you place an order with Gyros, we will use your personal information to confirm your order, prevent or detect fraud or abuse, respond to your requests or inquiries, provide you with other administrative information regarding your order, and provide you with any other information we deem helpful to you.
Communications:
If you provide Gyros with contact information, it may be used to communicate to you information regarding Gyros and its products and services. You have a choice of whether or not to receive messages, promotions or newsletters from our company.
Internal Use: We may compare and review your personal information for errors, omissions and accuracy. We may also use your personal information internally to improve our marketing and promotional efforts, web site content and product offerings. Your personally identifiable information may also be used within our company to conduct internal research on our users' interests, behavior and generally to better understand and improve the usability, performance and effectiveness of our web site.
Compliance with Law and Fraud Protection: We reserve the right to disclose your personal information if we believe that we are required to do so (i) by law; (ii) to comply with legal process or governmental requests; (iii) to protect our operations or those of any affiliated entities; (iv) to protect the rights, privacy, safety or property of Gyrostools.com, any affiliated entities, yours or others; and (v) to permit us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain. We may also exchange information, including personally identifiable information, with other companies and organizations if necessary for credit fraud protection and risk reduction.
Service Providers: The information we gather may be shared with third parties such as outside companies that perform services for us. For example, we may retain an outside company to manage a database containing certain customer information or to create and distribute an e-mail offering (if you have given your consent for this). In addition, if we need to ship something to you, we must share your name and address with a shipping company. In those situations, the outside party is performing work for us, and Gyros takes appropriate steps to ensure your information is used only to provide the services requested by us, and not for other purposes.
IP Address: When you visit our website, Gyros collects your IP address to, among other things, help diagnose problems with our server, administer and tune the operation of our web site, analyze trends, track traffic patterns, and gather demographic information for aggregate use. Your IP address may also be used in combination with your personal information for credit fraud protection and risk reduction
Cookies: A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's hard drive containing information about the user. We may use session and/or persistent cookies. Usage of a cookie from our site is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information. Cookies enable us to track and target the interests of our users by analyzing popular areas and products to enhance future experiences on our site. Cookies do not cause damage to your computer systems or files, and only the web site that transferred a particular cookie to you can read, modify or delete such cookie. If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, there are simple procedures in most browsers that allow you to delete existing cookies, to automatically decline cookies, or to be given the choice of declining or accepting the transfer of particular cookies to your computer.
Gyros takes every precaution to protect our users' information. When you submit sensitive information via our website, your information is vigilantly protected both online and off-line. You can be confident that Gyros values your privacy and security to the utmost.
Gyros takes every precaution to protect our users' information. When you submit sensitive information via our web site, your information is vigilantly protected both online and off-line. You can be confident that Gyros values your privacy and security to the utmost.