http://halloweenalliance.com/privacy
Skip to content
Menu
Home
Decoration Ideas
Costume Ideas
Food Ideas
Blog
Contact Us
Search
Search for:
Close search
Your privacy is very important to us. No effort is made to identify individuals without their knowledge.
Information We Gather
When a visitor requests pages at our site, our Web server automatically recognizes only the browser’s domain name and IP address, but not the e-mail address. We collect only the domain name and IP address in order to aggregate information on what pages users access or visit. This information is collected solely for statistical purposes to see which pages and articles are performing best, and is not used to identify individuals.
We also gather information that users provide through optional, voluntary submissions to receive our HallowZeen electronic newsletter. The information on our mailing list is saved and protected by a mailing software website called Aweber, and we only use your information to send you our newsletter. Your information will only ever be used in sending you our newsletter, and will never be sold, or disclosed to any other third party. In respecting your privacy, you may opt-out at any time.
Cookies
Cookies are small encrypted text files saved to your machine in your browser files. Cookies do not store any personal information, but does enable us to relate your use of this site to information you have knowingly provided. For instance, we use cookies to give you the option to turn on or off the audio in our Flash banner, and to remember this the next time you visit our site. Cookies also gives you the ability to comment on our articles and posts.
We also use third party advertisements to support our site. Some of these advertisers may use technology such as cookies or web beacons, such as the Google AdSense program. We have no control over their cookie settings, and can not ever access or read them. Information you provide to our advertisers include your IP address, your ISP, and the type of browser you used to visit our site.
You can refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser. If you’ve set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies, you will receive the warning message with each cookie. You do not need to have cookies turned on to use this site.
If you have any questions regarding our Privacy Policy, please contact us.
Leave a Reply Cancel replyYour email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment
Notify me of followup comments via e-mail
Name *
Email *
Website
This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is processed.
Halloweenalliance.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com.
You will see this in links typed in orange text which link you back to products available for purchase through Amazon.com.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Necessary
Always Enabled