http://hamptonfarms.com/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to content
FREE shipping on all orders over $50.
***Discounts do not apply to Peanut Grinders or Machinery***
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us. This website is owned and operated by Hampton Farms. We recognize that many visitors to our website are concerned about the information that they provide to us or that may be collected and how we treat that information. To address those concerns we have developed this Hampton Farms Website Privacy Policy.
The information you provide to Hampton Farms is used primarily to process and ship orders. In no way will we sell your information to a third party. Furthermore we do not store or save any credit card information on our website.
Visitors who purchase items through the website, e-mail us, sign up for mailings, enter contests or sweepstakes or participate in promotions, questionnaires or other activities on or through this site will usually be required to provide personally identifiable information. Without this personally identifiable information, we would be unable to respond to your inquiries, purchase orders, requests and/or applications.
With Whom We May Share InformationIn the course of doing business, we occasionally employ other companies to perform a variety of functions on our behalf. For example, at times we may retain third parties to analyze, update and correct data we collect on our sites, including Personal Information, to help us improve our products, our database and our sites. In addition, we may share Personal Information including email address with agents, suppliers, fulfillment houses and other service providers to allow delivery of prizes, information, products or services. These suppliers and other third parties may have access to your Personal Information if it is needed to perform their functions for Hampton Farms, but they are not authorized by us to use your Personal Information in any way other than the intended use including their own marketing purposes. We do not share your Personal Information including email address with any third parties who are not our agents or service providers.
Questionnaires and SurveysVisitors to this website may be asked to complete surveys or opinion polls regarding their interests, thoughts, opinions and attitudes. These types of surveys help Hampton Farms understand the needs and desires of our customers. Sample answers to such surveys may be posted to this website. Such sample answers could possibly include some of your personally identifiable information, such as your first name or city, but Hampton Farms will not include your last name, phone number, street address or e-mail address as part of any publicly available posting of survey results.
How Hampton Farms Uses Your Personal InformationIf you purchase food or other merchandise through this website, Hampton Farms uses your personally identifiable information to set up your account and/or process your order. If you enter into a contest, sweepstakes or other promotion through this website, Hampton Farms uses your personal information for purposes of the contest (such as to notify you if you win) and otherwise in accordance with the contest rules. If you e-mail Hampton Farms, agree to follow-up contact by Hampton Farms or ask to be placed on mailings lists that this website may maintain, we may contact you. For example, you may receive marketing and promotional materials, we may respond to your comments or questions or we may contact you if necessary during the course of processing a product or service you requested through our website. In addition to the uses listed above, we may use your personal information to improve our marketing and promotional efforts, for purposes of a contest or other activity, as part of a statistical website usage analysis, and/or to improve the features and content of this website. We may also use your personal information to assist in delivery of content that is customized to your interests. This type of customized content may eventually include such things as recipes, banners, product information and contests and promotions. We do not collect personal information on an automatic basis, but we may combine non-personal information (which is automatically collected) with your previously submitted personally identifiable information.
If you have any questions please contact our Customer Service Department.
Security
Hampton Farms uses the latest software and technology to insure your information is protected. Hamptonfarms.com is secured with a Rackspace.com Web Server Certificate. Transactions on the site are protected with up to 256-bit Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption. We use Authorize.net to process credit card payments, the most trusted name in the industry.
×
JOIN OUR LIST
Receive 15% off your first order. Be the first to know about new products, savings, giveaways, and more.
Email Address*
Sign me up!