http://handyware.co.uk/index.php?main_page=privacy&zenid=84esc96blv21rb94dkrvftggc4
Home |
Categories
Accessories
Adapters
ADSL cables & adapters
Aerials
Armbands
Audio visual cables & adapters
BATTERIES
Battery covers
Blackberry
Bluetooth
Cables
Cameras
Carkits
Cases
Chargeblock
Chargers
Connectors & raw cable
Covers
Datacables
Enclosures
External PC cables & adapters
External SCSI cables & adapters
Flexes
Handsfree
Headsets
Holders
Housings
Internal cables & adapters
iPhone
Joysticks
Keypads
LCD
Lenses
Macintosh cables & adapters
Mains
Membranes
Memory
Microphones
MISC
Network cabinets & accessories
Network cables & adapters
Network switches & routers
Phone batteries->
Ringers
Sata, eSata & SAS
Screen lenses
Screen protectors
SIM
Spare items
Speakers
Styluses
Switchboxes & SVGA splitters
Telecoms
Tools
Torch
Unlocking
USB
Wireless networking products
Camera batteries->
IPod batteries
Sony PSP batteries
Chargers->
FM Transmitters->
All Products ...
Information
Payments & Deliveries
Privacy Notice
Conditions of Use
Contact Us
Site Map
Links
Shopping
Currencies
US Dollar
Euro
GB Pound
Privacy Notice
Our Commitment To PrivacyYour privacy is important to us. To protect your privacy better, we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.The Information We Collect:This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Handyware.co.uk website. On some pages, you can order products, make requests, and register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:NameAddressE-mail addressPhone number(etc.) On some pages, you can submit information about other people. For example, if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient, you will need to submit the recipient's address. In this circumstance, the types of personal information collected are:NameAddressPhone Number(etc.) The Way We Use Information:We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.We use the information you provide about someone else when placing an order only to ship the product and to confirm delivery. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.We offer gift certificates by which you can personalise a product you order for another person. Information you provide to us to create a gift certificate is only used for that purpose, and it is only disclosed to the person receiving the gift.We use return e-mail addresses to answer the e-mail we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.Our Commitment To Data Security:To prevent unauthorised access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.Our Commitment To Children's Privacy:Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information:You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by logging in and clicking on my account in the above menu. We use this procedure to better safeguard your information.
| Home |
Logos and product images are displayed courtesy of their respective companies and are only for the purpose of reference and identification. All trademarks acknowledged.                                              Secure payment system