https://happinessfarms.com/contact/about/privacy/
Happiness Farms' Privacy Policy |
Skip to content
Main Menu
Home
ShopMenu Toggle
Fancy Leaf Caladiums
Lance Leaf Caladiums
Top-Selling Caladiums
BlogMenu Toggle
Customer Photos
Floral Arrangements
About UsMenu Toggle
Visit and Tour Happiness Farms
Refund Policy–100% Satisfaction Guarantee
Newsletter Subscription
Unsubscribe
Terms and Conditions
Wholesale Caladiums
Planting and StoringMenu Toggle
Bulb Sizes
FAQ
Cart
Contact Us
Happiness Farms’ Privacy Policy
Privacy Statement
Our Privacy Policy follows three simple rules when it comes to your Personal Information:
We Secure it
You Control it
You Decide how we can use it
Security: Happiness Farms uses SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption to ensure your personal information is safe. Keeping your personal information secure is very important to us so you will find that our entire website, each page, each picture, each portion of every transaction is protected and secured by SSL encryption.
Control: Happiness Farms asks you to provide certain personally identifiable information in order to place online orders or to create an account on the website but the contents of that information is under your control; we provide mechanisms for you to add, remove, or change that information at any time of your choosing.
Deciding: Happiness Farms will use your personal information to communicate with you about your transactions with us (orders, information or brochure requests, etc.) but at any time you may change, limit or stop that communication by contacting us using the options provided below.
Your consent to our collection and use of your Personal Information is described in this Privacy Statement. If you order products or services through the website the information you provide may include your name, address, email address, and credit card number. Your credit card information is only used to place your order and is not digital captured ensuring the security of your valuable information. All of the information you provide may be used by Happiness Farms to better serve you. Happiness Farms may also use this information to contact you about specials, catalogs, and promotions. Please note that your use of the happinessfarms.com website and services is subject to the Terms and Conditions.
You can always choose not to provide information, to opt-out of receiving communications from us or to update your information at any time using the following options:
Use “My Account” after entering your member name and password to access your account page to update any information that you have provided to us.
Use the “Unsubscribe” webpage or link included at the bottom of each e-mail we sent you and follow the instructions on the webpage.
Send an e-mail to our Customer Service representatives at info@happinessfarms.com.
Call our Customer Service representatives toll free at 866-892-0396 or 863-465-0044.
Write to us at Fancy Leaf Caladiums, 704 County Road 621 East, Lake Placid, FL 33852
Send us a fax at 863-465-1528
If you have questions or comments concerning this Privacy Policy, you may contact us using any of the options provided above.
About
Shop
Cart
Visits and Tours
Contact Us
FREE Shipping on all orders! Dismiss