https://harbachelectronics.com/terms-of-service-privacy-policy/
Terms of Service & Privacy Policy | Harbach Electronics, LLC
Jeff Weinberg, W8CQ
Your World-Wide Source For Amateur Radio Amplifier Parts & Upgrade Kits
Your World-Wide Source For Amateur Radio Amplifier Parts & Upgrade Kits
Home
Shop Product Categories
View Shopping Cart
My Account
Contact
Downloads
Installers
Terms of Service & Privacy Policy
Please read the Terms of Service Agreement and Privacy Policy carefully before purchasing products from Harbach Electronics, LLC. By purchasing products from Harbach Electronics, LLC, you agree to become bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement and Privacy Policy.
Terms of Service
Your HarbachElectronics.com Account and Site. If you create a customer account on the Harbach Electronics, LLC website (http://www.harbachelectronics.com), you are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and you are fully responsible for all activities that occur under the account and any other actions taken in connection with your account. You must immediately notify Harbach Electronics, LLC of any unauthorized uses of your account or any other breaches of security. Harbach Electronics, LLC will not be liable for any acts or omissions by You, including any damages of any kind incurred as a result of such acts or omissions.
Copyright Infringement and DMCA Policy. As Harbach Electronics, LLC asks others to respect its intellectual property rights; it respects the intellectual property rights of others. If you believe that material located on or linked to by Harbach Electronics.com violates your copyright, you are encouraged to notify Harbach Electronics, LLC in accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”). Harbach Electronics, LLC will respond to all such notices, including as required or appropriate by removing the infringing material or disabling all links to the infringing material.
Intellectual Property. This Agreement does not transfer from Harbach Electronics, LLC to you any Harbach Electronics, LLC or third party intellectual property, and all right, title and interest in and to such property will remain (as between the parties) solely with Harbach Electronics, LLC. Harbach Electronics, LLC, the HarbachElectronics.com logo, and all other trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in connection with Harbach Electronics.com, or the Website are trademarks or registered trademarks of Harbach Electronics, LLC or Harbach Electronics, LLC’s licensors. Other trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in connection with the Website may be the trademarks of other third parties. Your use of the Website grants you no right or license to reproduce or otherwise use any Harbach Electronics, LLC or third-party trademarks.
Changes. Harbach Electronics, LLC reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify or replace any part of this Agreement. It is your responsibility to check this Agreement periodically for changes. Your continued use of or access to the Website following the posting of any changes to this Agreement constitutes acceptance of those changes. Harbach Electronics, LLC may also, in the future, offer new services and/or features through the Website (including, the release of new tools and resources). Such new features and/or services shall be subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
Termination. Harbach Electronics, LLC may terminate your access to all or any part of the Website at any time, with or without cause, with or without notice, effective immediately. If you wish to terminate this Agreement or your Harbach Electronics.com account, you may simply discontinue using the Website. All provisions of this Agreement which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.
Disclaimer of Warranties. The Website is provided “as is”.  Harbach Electronics, LLC and its suppliers and licensors hereby disclaim all warranties of any kind, express or implied, including, without limitation, the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. Neither Harbach Electronics, LLC, Jeffrey T. Weinberg nor its suppliers and licensors, makes any warranty that the Website will be error free or that access thereto will be continuous or uninterrupted. You understand that you download from, or otherwise obtain content, services and/or products through the Website at your own discretion and risk.
Limitation of Liability. In no event will Harbach Electronics, LLC, Jeffrey T. Weinberg, or its suppliers or licensors, be liable with respect to any subject matter of this agreement under any contract, negligence, strict liability or other legal or equitable theory for: (i) any special, incidental or consequential damages; (ii) the cost of procurement for substitute products or services; or (iii) for interruption of use or loss or corruption of data. Harbach Electronics, LLC nor Jeffrey T. Weinberg shall have no liability for any failure or delay due to matters beyond their reasonable control. The foregoing shall not apply to the extent prohibited by applicable law.
General Representation and Warranty. You represent and warrant that (i) your use of the Website will be in strict accordance with the Harbach Electronics, LLC Privacy Policy, with this Agreement and with all applicable laws and regulations (including without limitation any local laws or regulations in your country, state, city, or other governmental area, regarding online conduct and acceptable content, and including all applicable laws regarding the transmission of technical data or products exported from the United States or the country in which you reside) and (ii) your use of the Website will not infringe or misappropriate the intellectual property rights of any third party.
Indemnification. You agree to indemnify and hold harmless Harbach Electronics, LLC, it’s owner, Jeffrey T. Weinberg, its contractors, and its licensors, and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents from and against any and all claims and expenses, including damages and attorneys’ fees, arising out of your use of the Website and/or Harbach Electronics, LLC products, including but not limited to your violation of this Agreement.
Miscellaneous. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between Harbach Electronics, LLC and you concerning the subject matter hereof, and they may only be modified by a written amendment signed by an authorized executive of Harbach Electronics, LLC, or by the posting by Harbach Electronics, LLC of a revised version. Except to the extent applicable law, if any, provides otherwise, this Agreement, any access to or use of the Website will be governed by the laws of the state of Ohio, U.S.A., excluding its conflict of law provisions, and the proper venue for any disputes arising out of or relating to any of the same will be the state and federal courts located in Ashland County, Ohio. If any part of this Agreement is held invalid or unenforceable, that part will be construed to reflect the parties’ original intent, and the remaining portions will remain in full force and effect. A waiver by either party of any term or condition of this Agreement or any breach thereof, in any one instance, will not waive such term or condition or any subsequent breach thereof. You may assign your rights under this Agreement to any party that consents to, and agrees to be bound by, its terms and conditions; Harbach Electronics, LLC may assign its rights under this Agreement without condition. This Agreement will be binding upon and will inure to the benefit of the parties, their successors and permitted assigns.
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is critically important to us. At Harbach Electronics, LLC we have three fundamental principles:
We don’t ask you for personal information unless we truly need it.
We don’t share your personal information with anyone except to comply with the law, develop our products, or protect our rights.
We don’t store personal information on our servers unless required for the on-going operation of one of our services.
Harbach Electronics, LLC operates the website http://www.harbachelectronics.com. It is Harbach Electronics LLC’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website.
Website Visitors.  Like most website operators, Harbach Electronics, LLC collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request.  Harbach Electronics, LLC also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users.  The purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how visitors use the website.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information.  Visitors to Harbach Electronics, LLC’s website choose to interact with Harbach Electronics, LLC in ways that require Harbach Electronics, LLC to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Automattic gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, those who engage in transactions with Harbach Electronics, LLC by purchasing goods and services access are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, Harbach Electronics, LLC collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction. Harbach Electronics, LLC does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. Visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information.  Harbach Electronics, LLC discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Harbach Electronics, LLC’s behalf or to provide services available at the Harbach Electronics, LLC website, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using the Harbach Electronics, LLC website, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Harbach Electronics, LLC will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above.  Harbach Electronics, LLC discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Harbach Electronics, LLC believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Harbach Electronics, LLC, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of the Harbach Electronics, LLC website and have supplied your email address, Harbach Electronics, LLC may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with Harbach Electronics, LLC and its products.  If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Harbach Electronics, LLC takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies.  A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Harbach Electronics, LLC uses cookies to help identify and track visitors, their usage of the Harbach Electronics, LLC website, and their website access preferences. Visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using the Harbach Electronics, LLC website, with the drawback that certain features of the website may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers.  If Harbach Electronics, LLC or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Harbach Electronics, LLC goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Harbach Electronics, LLC may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Privacy Policy Changes.  Although most changes are likely to be minor, Harbach Electronics, LLC may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and at it’s sole discretion. Harbach Electronics, LLC encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy.  Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Responsibility for Lost Shipments.  Harbach Electronics, LLC is not responsible for shipments once they have been accepted by the United States Postal Service for transport and delivery.  Upon request, Harbach Electronics, LLC will provide the customer proof of package acceptance by the USPS and associated tracking informatio
Payment of Import Charges.  Customers outside the United States are solely responsible for payment of any duties, tariffs, taxes and/or import fees associated with the importation of electronic products supplied by Harbach Electronics into their country.
Copyright Harbach Electronics, LLC 2020. All Rights Reserved.Web Hosting and Web Design by QTH.com.Harbach Electronics, LLC Terms of Service & Privacy Policy