http://harmonicenvironments.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Harmonic Environments is committed to protecting your privacy. This policy explains how we collect and utilize the personal information you supply to us in order to access certain sections of our website.
This policy may change over time, without notice, as we modify and expand our service offerings. We suggest that you periodically check the website in order to understand how we treat your information. The Harmonic Environments website may contain links to other sites that are not under our control. These websites have their own policies regarding privacy. You should review those policies before visiting the websites. We have no responsibility for linked websites, and we provide these links solely for the convenience and information of our visitors.
Personal Information
Harmonic Environments collects certain information from the users of this website. Various forms will ask users to supply us with contact information. Required information will be clearly noted in order to differentiate it from information that is strictly voluntary. If you chose to withhold required information, you may not be able to participate in or receive full benefit from all products or services on our website.
Harmonic Environments utilizes the information provided by its users to send requested samples and literature, respond to direct inquiries, and provide customized content and announcements to those users who request to be informed of new products, features and services. Harmonic Environments will not disclose personal information for third party mailing list purposes, such as names, email addresses or mailing addresses to any individual or corporation. Harmonic Environments may perform statistical analyses based on the personal information supplied by users, but this data will only be used for internal purposes and may be provided to third parties also for statistical purposes but not for mailing purposes.
Third Party Privacy Policies
Please be aware that websites linked to www.Harmonic Environments.com may collect personal information about you. The privacy and data collection policies of these parties are independent of this policy. Harmonic Environments assumes no responsibility or liability for the privacy and data collection practices of these parties.
Cookies
Harmonic Environments employs cookie technology to allow users to move quickly through our site without having to re-submit contact information or product selections. Cookies are small text files a website can use to recognize repeat users and facilitate the user’s ongoing access to and use of the site. Generally, cookies work by assigning a unique number to the user that has no meaning outside the assigning site. They do not come onto a user’s system nor do they pose a threat to a user’s files. Harmonic Environments cannot, however, control the use of cookies by advertisers or other third parties. If a user does not want information collected by cookies, there is a simple procedure common to most browsers that allows the user to accept or deny the cookie feature. Please note that disabling cookies on your system may limit your access to some of the features on the Harmonic Environments website.
Opt-Out
Harmonic Environments offers users the opportunity to receive announcements and promotional emails regarding new products or services. You may opt-out of these emails at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link on the email, or contacting us via email.
Changes to Privacy Policy
As our business grows, it may be necessary to change this Privacy Policy from time to time and such changes will be incorporated herein from time to time and no changes will take place unless such has been posted in our Privacy Policy so that you are aware of the information that we collect and how we intend to use it. Your continued use of the site after such changes have been posted constitutes acceptance of these revised Privacy Policies.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you may contact us at:
Email: Waterfall@HEWater.com
1-800-767-8339
Mailing Address:
Harmonic Environments
1075 Hialeah Dr.
Hialeah, FL 33010-5551
fptiYl
2020 © Harmonic Environments, Division of EMJAC Industries. All rights reserved. Site by IDM Agency
|  Privacy Policy