http://havahart.com/privacy
Home
/
Privacy
Privacy Policy
Last modified: July 1, 2020
This policy outlines how Woodstream Corporation and subsidiaries (“Woodstream”) collects your personal information and why we do so as well as steps you can take to manage that information. Except as expressly set forth in this privacy policy, we will never sell or exchange your information under any circumstance.
By interacting with Woodstream online services and/or mobile applications you consent to the collection, use and sharing of your personal information as outlined in this privacy policy. We reserve the right to alter this policy but will notify you should changes occur.
What information do we collect about our consumers?
Direct from consumer
We may collect any personal information provide to us such as email address, name, mailing address, telephone number, credit card information, user name and password and social media information when you shop at our websites, place an order online, subscribe to our emails, contact us, take surveys, participate in a promotion, create an account on our mobile applications or interact with our brands on social media. Additionally, some products may require data collection to connect to the internet.
User supplied information, such as product reviews, product questions and image/video uploads may be used on other website properties owned by Woodstream Corporation at our discretion. In addition any “AddThis” button, which you may use to share articles and information, utilizes a third party site to process your request. You are responsible for any information you supply to these third party sites and you should understand their privacy policies as well as those of "AddThis".
Auto-collected data (cookies, beacons, etc)
We may also collect information through the use of cookies and other technologies which gather information any time you access our sites via a computer, mobile phone, or any other device. These cookies are stored on your device by your internet browser. When you log in, this type of cookie tells us whether you've visited us before or are a new visitor. The cookie also gives us your service provider IP address, dates/times of your web sessions with us and referring URLs. This technology allows us to save any items that you have placed in your shopping cart each time you visit, and retains login information and preferences while browsing our sites. The cookie doesn't obtain any personal information about you or provide us with any way to contact you, and the cookie doesn't extract any information from your computer. We do use the cookie to help us identify site features in which you have the greatest interest, so that we can provide more of what you may want. We may also use web beacons to collect customer data. A web beacon is a transparent image or a pixel tag that is used to monitor the behavior of the user visiting the Web site or sending email. It is often used in combination with cookies to assist in providing you with targeted content based on your interaction with the website.
When you downloaded, access and use one our mobile applications, we collect usage details (session logs, location data), device information (a device’s unique identifier, IP address, operating system, browser type, mobile network information, phone number), store information and files (this may include metadata on photographs, audio and video clips, personal contacts and address book information)
How is personal information used?
Personal information is used by Woodstream to perform business operations while acting within the requirements set forth by law. These operations include, but are not limited to, providing consumer care services (questions, complaints, repairs, returns, invitations to provide feedback), ensuring sales transactions are securely completed, data analysis on sales/demographic trends, distributing promotional e-mails to subscribers, and providing consumers with relevant content (based on interests, location, and on-site behavior). Personal information may also be required to offer mobile application-based services. The consumer will be notified at the time of data collection for any instance not noted above. Our services may include interaction with external social media sites. Those interactions are governed by the privacy policies of the social media websites you’re using. We may use your personal information to find audiences of similar users of a social media platform for advertising purposes. We may also serve you advertisements through social media platforms.
Do we share any information we collect?
We respect your privacy! Information collected through our sites will be exclusively used by us (Woodstream Corporation and subsidiaries) for the sole purpose of product and/or service evaluation and improvement. Any consumer demographic information collected is considered confidential and will not be sold to, or exchanged with, any third parties. We also believe that your email address is private information and you have our assurance that we do not rent or sell your email address to anyone.
Personal information may be shared with select business partners with whom we have a legal agreement with, in order to complete certain actions. This includes sharing e-mail information with our e-mail service provider and web browsing data with our eCommerce platform. We may also employ third-party vendors to provide services for us (such as data analysis or marketing strategy) which require them to view your personal information such as order history, name and address, browsing activity and e-mail address.
We utilize online advertising through the Google AdWords network which collects personal information such as IP address and browser activity when you visit our websites in order to provide advertisements that are tailored to the interests of the consumer.
We may also use your personal information to ask you survey questions both on our website and on third-party sites. You will be alerted to the intent of data collection at the time of contact.
Our sites may contain links to external websites that are not managed by Woodstream Corporation and are not governed by our privacy policy. We advise that you read the privacy policy of any website you may visit.
When you use one of our mobile applications or its content, certain third parties may use automatic information collection technologies to collect information about your or your device. These third parties may include advertisers/ad networks, analytics companies, your mobile device manufacturer and your mobile service provider.
Your personal information may be transferred as a business asset in the event of a transaction such as a merger or acquisition between Woodstream and one or more companies. Such a transfer could also be commensurate with a change-in-control transaction between Woodstream Corporation’s ultimate parent, Walnut Parent Inc., and the buyer, or the sale/transfer of a particular business unit.
How does Woodstream keep your personal information secure?
We fully understand the importance of online privacy and electronic security. As we build our relationship with you, we want you to know that your trust is a valuable asset to us. We have taken several steps to ensure your online interaction with us occurs within a secure and private environment.
Our sites are tested and certified quarterly to pass the AlertSiteSecurity Scanby AlertLogic. The AlertSite quarterly scan secures the full PCI compliance of all transactions completed on our sites and can prevent over 99% of hacker crime by identifying potential network vulnerabilities.
All payments made through our sites are 100% secured by Comodo Secured®, known for Creating Trust Online®. Comodo, with its Enterprise SSL Certificates, has a 128-bit SSL encryption that ensures a safe and secure, identity-theft free transaction.
All orders are encrypted using Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology - one of the most prevalent and secure systems available online. SSL is an extremely complex form of cryptography that makes it virtually impossible for a third party to decrypt any personal information you provide. You can rest assured that your personal and credit card information is protected when transmitted online. Credit, debit and/or checking account information is never stored by us after payment is received. Every transaction on our sites is secure.
My Account holders and mobile app users are provided a login password to access order history, the ability to save payment options as well as accessing certain parts of our app. We ask that you do not share your password with anyone to ensure your account’s security.
What about minors?
No personal information is knowingly collected by us from any minors. Our sites are intended for use by adults over the age of 18.
What if I am a California resident?
If you are a California resident, California law may provide you with additional rights regarding our use of your personal information. To learn more about your California privacy rights, please click here to see Woodstream Corporation’s Privacy Notice for California Residents.
California's "shine the Light" law (Civil Code Section § 1798.83) permits users of the website that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to privacy@woodstream.com or write us at: 29 East King Street, Lancaster, Pennsylvania 17602.
How do you access your personal information and manage your data preferences?
You may disable cookies in your browser settings but this may impact the ability of some website features to perform properly including completing a transaction.
If you wish to stop receiving e-mail marketing promotions, simply click the “Unsubscribe” link which is found at the bottom of our e-mails. If you are a MyAccount member, you may also access your preferences through your account dashboard.
Upon request and pending identity verification, Woodstream will provide you with a copy of any personal information we may have saved from your interactions. You may request the deletion of such data at any time. Fill out the data request form here.
E-mail us at privacy@woodstream.com with any additional questions you may have. You can also contact us at: Woodstream Corporation, 29 East King Street, Lancaster, PA 17602 or via our toll-free number: 1.800.800.1819.
California residents may have additional personal information rights and choices. Please click here to see Woodstream Corporation’s Privacy Notice for California Residents for more information.
Nevada residents who wish to exercise their sale opt-out rights under Nevada Revised Statutes Chapter 603A may submit a request to this designated telephone number: 1.800.800.1819. However, please know we do not currently sell data triggering that statute's opt-out requirements.
Links to partner privacy policies
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Magento
YouTube
Google AdWord
Bing Ads
Listrak
Adobe
Customer Service
Contact Us
Where to Buy
Shipping Details
Track Your Order
Return Policy
Online Returns
Ordering & Site FAQs
Privacy
Reward Points
Write A Review Sweepstakes
Protect Your Home Inside and Out With These Trusted Brands
<
>
READ OUR ARTICLES & TIPS
eNEWSLETTER
Get Exclusive Deals & Tips with Our eNewsletter!
Learn More
Sign Up
Need Help?
1-855-5-HAVAHART
Email Us
READ OUR ARTICLES & TIPS
Customer Service
Where to Buy
Shipping
Track Your Order
Return Policy
Online Returns
Privacy
Reward Points
Havahart® Coupons
Contact Us
FAQs
About Us
Press Releases
Wholesale Information
Site Map
Helpful Resources
eNewsletter Sign Up
Are You a Professional or Commercial User?
Trap, Neuter, Return Program
Trusted Since 1940
100% Secure Shopping
We Accept
© 2020 Woodstream Corporation. All Rights Reserved.
29 E. King Street, Lancaster, PA 17602
Cookies On This Site Ok This site uses cookies to improve your user experience. By using this site you agree to these cookies being set. To find out more see our cookies policy.