https://healthchoiceservices.com/privacy-policy/
Health Choice Enterprises is committed to protecting any personal information that our site “visitors” give to us. By user “personal information” we mean any and all information that could identify someone in a personal way and not otherwise publicly available. This Privacy Policy applies to the Health Choice Enterprises website. We may collect personal identification information from site visitors in several ways including when visitors go to our website or fill out a contact form. Site visitors can browse our website anonymously. We only collect information containing personal identification from website visitors when they voluntarily provide such information to us. Visitors can always choose against providing personal information on our website.
We will not share, sell, distribute or lease the personal information of our site “visitors” with any third party services that are unaffiliated. We do not sell any personal information of our clients.
When you provide your contact information to Health Choice Enterprises including your name, phone number and email information or any personal details, we use this to help best respond to your inquiry.
We restrict access to any of the personal information that you provide to us to employees who specifically need that information to give you the information that you requested or to respond to your order processing.  We are committed to ensuring that your personal information is secure.
In order to safeguard against unauthorized access or disclosure we have put in place suitable electronic, physical and managerial procedures to best safeguard and secure the information we collect from you online.
Health Choice Enterprises retains the right to update this Privacy Policy whenever needed. Site visitors should check this page for updates on how we are working to protect any personal information we receive from this site. Site visitors acknowledge and agree that it is their own responsibility to review this Privacy Policy when visiting the site to stay up-to-date on any changes.
By using our website, you signify your acceptance of our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with the Health Choice Enterprises website policy, please do not use our website. Your continued use of our website following the posting of changes to this policy is signified as your acceptance of any changes.
If you believe that any information we have for you is incorrect or incomplete, please contact us via email or phone and we will make the requested corrections. If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, the practices of our website, or your experience on our website, please contact us with the information below.
Health Choice Enterprises
4350 Brownsboro Road
Suite 133
Louisville, KY 40207
800-957-4758
contact@healthchoiceservices.com
This document was last updated on May 29, 2018
HEALTH CHOICE SERVICES © 2020 PRIVACY & LEGAL CONTACT US GET UPDATES
Website by Honeywick.
Scroll to top