https://healthoop.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Menu BeautyFoodHealthContactPrivacy Policy for healthoop.com.If you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us here.At healthoop.com, the privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance to us. This privacy policy document outlines the types of personal information is received and collected by healthoop.com and how it is used.Log Files
Like many other Web sites, healthoop.com makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider ( ISP ), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.Cookies and Web Beacons
healthoop.com does use cookies to store information about visitors preferences, record user-specific information on which pages the user access or visit, customize Web page content based on visitors browser type or other information that the visitor sends via their browser.Amazon Associates Programhealthoop.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com.DoubleClick DART Cookie
.:: Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on healthoop.com.
.:: Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to users based on their visit to healthoop.com and other sites on the Internet.
.:: Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following URL – http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.htmlSome of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our site. Our advertising partners include ….
Amazon AssociatesThese third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to the advertisements and links that appear on plantarfasciitisresoure.com send directly to your browsers. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies ( such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons ) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and / or to personalize the advertising content that you see.healthoop.com has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. healthoop.com’s privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites.If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers’ respective websites.What about third party links used in our website?   Occasionally, at our website, we may use links of other websites. These third party links are provided solely to provide more information on topics that may be useful to the users. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies.  When you go to another website from our website, our Privacy Policy is no longer in effect. Hence, we have no responsibility or liability for the content provided by these third party websites.Will there be any changes to this Privacy Policy?We reserve the right to change this privacy policy from time to time with or without notice. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page only.NOTE: By using the site, https://healthoop.com/, you agree to the terms and conditions of this privacy policy. You should access our privacy policy regularly to ensure you understand our current policies.
Search for:
Recent Posts
Top 10 Facial Cleansing Brushes For You
15 Best Shampoo For Color Treated Hair
Biotin for Hair Growth – an ideal treatment for hair loss and regrowth plan?
10 Best Lava Lamps On The Market 2020 Reviewed- Amazingly Cool Lava Lamp To Light Up Your Space
Best Keratin Treatments: An Ultimate Guide
11 Essential Vitamins and Minerals for Natural Hair Growth
Grapeseed oil – an amazing conditioner for hair growth
10 Best food dehydrators
10 Best laser hair removal at home on the market reviews
Best Scalp Treatment for Hair Growth
How to get rid of chubby cheeks
Jamaican black castor oil for hair growth
15 Best Green Tea Reviews
10 Best Waist Trainers Reviews
All You Need To Know About Hair TonerBest oil for hair growthBest Blenders for SmoothiesBest Vitamin C SerumsBiotin for Hair GrowthBest Electric Skillets Reviewed in 2016Best Keratin Treatments at Homejamaican black castor oil for hair growthAbout meContactPrivacy PolicyTerms and Conditions of UseHealthoop.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com. Additionally, Healthoop.com participates in various other affiliate programs, and we sometimes get a commission through purchases made through our links.