http://healthydesign.com/privacy/
Home
Articles
Products
Seating
Desks
Reading & writing
Computer accessories
Morgan Lumbar Traction
Brands
Clearance
Online Shop
Account
Privacy Policies
Home Privacy
What information we collect and why
We collect personal information to process and fulfill your order, to provide you with information regarding your order, and to enhance our services to you.
We do not sell or rent any information to any party for any reason.
We may share or disclose this information to comply with legal requirements, to protect the rights of Health By Design, or in special circumstances to protect the personal safety of our employees or the public. Our goal is to ensure that your personal and payment information remains secure and your privacy is always respected.
How we safeguard your information
Our online shopping cart includes many safeguards so that you can enjoy your shopping experience without having to worry about credit card transactions. When you submit sensitive information via our website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Our shopping cart makes use of Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology to encrypt credit card and billing information while it is being transmitted. Most browsers (for example, Internet Explorer) provide clear visual symbols to let you know whether or not they are in secure mode. Look for a locked key or closed padlock in to indicate a secure mode. Also, in secure mode, the address will begin “https://”. The “s” stands for secure. After your order is received, we protect all of your private information, including your order, behind a network security system called a “firewall.” Only select staff has access to this information, and then only enough to service your order.
Billing and shipping information
During the checkout process we ask for certain personal information (name, address, e-mail, telephone number and credit card information) which is necessary to process your order and ship it to you. As necessary, we share your order information with trusted third-party companies (such as our credit card processor and delivery services) that assist us in fulfilling your order. We require that third parties hold your information in the strictest confidence.
What if we’re sold?
In the unlikely event that we are sold, or substantially all of our assets are acquired, customer information may be one of the transferred assets.
Your IP address and browser information.
We automatically receive and record information from your browser, including your IP Address, page requests, and cookie information. We use this information to analyze our site traffic. We do not combine anonymous information about your site visit with your personal information.
What about Cookies?
A cookie is a small file stored on your computer by a website in order to give you a unique ID. Our cookie does not contain any personally identifying information (such as name or credit card information) and is used for the express purpose of making your visits more worthwhile. Most browsers are preset to accept cookies. The use of cookies is standard on the Internet and is used to make online shopping easier and faster. If you set your browser to refuse cookies, purchasing is not possible on our website. You must call us at 1-888-909-3746 to place your order.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites which may take you away from our site. These sites have separate privacy and data collection practices. Health By Design is not responsible for the privacy practices or information-gathering practices of other web sites.
Contact Us
We're currently offline. Send us an email and we'll get back to you, asap.
Send Message
© 2015 Health By Design  ·  Terms of Use  ·
Privacy  ·
Site Map
Type and press Enter to search
Copy link
Powered by Social Snap