http://hearandplay.com/privacy-policy.html
Privacy Policy
home
Privacy Policy
Get Free Piano Video Lesson Series
Simply enter your first name & e-mail to access 4 FREE video piano lessons:
Our postal address is
22521 Avenida Empresa Suite 113 Rancho Santa Margarita, CA 92688
We can be reached via e-mail at
webmaster@hearandplay.com
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes only the consumer’s domain name, but not the e-mail address (where possible).
We collect the e-mail addresses of those who:
(1) Post messages to our bulletin board,
(2)
those who communicate with us via e-mail, and (3) those who voluntarily register for any of our online piano lessons, newsletters, or resources.
The information we collect is used to:
(1) Notify consumers about updates to our Web site,
(2)
promote our piano courses and videos, and
(3) is not shared with any other organization, nor is any information sold or bartered.
With respect to cookies:
(1) We use cookies to record session information, such as items that consumers add to their shopping cart, and
(2)
to ensure that visitors only see various pop-up advertisements once.
(3) We also use cookies to track affiliate traffic and sales, which calculates monthly commission figures for all affiliating websites.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by calling us at the number provided above or by e-mailing us at the above address.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line may (1) receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders they have placed on-line. (2) Occasionally, they may be informed of new products and services available at our site via telephone. If you do not wish to receive such telephone calls, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address or by calling us at the above telephone number.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will contact you before we use your data for these new purposes to notify you of the policy change and to provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses.
Customers may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for
which it was originally collected by calling us at the number provided above or by e-mailing us at
the above address.
With respect to security: We always use industry-standard encryption technologies when:
(1) Transferring and receiving consumer data exchanged with our site, (2) when we transfer and receive certain types of sensitive information such as financial information, and (3) when orders are being placed via our shopping cart system.
Unsubscribing
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us an e-mail at the above address or by calling us at the above telephone number. You may also click on the “UNSUBSCRIBE” link found at the bottom of all e-mails.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number, The DMA’s Committee on Ethical Business Practices at mgoldberger@the-dma.org, state or local chapters of the Better Business Bureau, state or local consumer protection office, The Federal Trade Commission by phone at 202.FTC-HELP (202.382.4357) or electronically at
http://www.ftc.gov/ftc/complaint.htm.
Get Free Piano Video Lesson Series
Simply enter your first name & e-mail to access 4 FREE video piano lessons:
First Name *
Email *
Favorite Style *
Please select one
gospel
jazz
rock
funk
r&b / neo-Soul
blues
pop
salsa / latin
Experience Level *
Please select one
beginner
intermediate
advanced
teacher
Filled out on home page
FREE INSTANT ACCESS
Named "Most Popular Music By Ear Site" 7 Years in A Row!
Free Instant Access!