https://heartlandbraidedrugs.com/privacy-policy
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for Heartland Braided Rugs, Inc and our website; https://heartlandbraidedrugs.com.
This privacy policy sets out how we use and protect any information that you provide us when you use our website. We are committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. We may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. Please contact us if you have any questions.
WHAT PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT AND WHY WE COLLECT IT
1. Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We do not rent, trade, loan, share or sell your personal information, or any other information which may identify you. We never have and never will! The information we collect is used only to process and fulfill your order. This information includes, your name, address and other contact information. In some cases we may collect IP Addresses to combat fraud. We do NOT collect credit card information on our site. You credit card information is handled securely by our credit card processor.
2. Communications
We will only email you about your order unless you choose to opt-in to our marketing emails. Occasionally, we send out emails about sales, new products and/or coupons. You can choose to opt-in for these emails during the checkout process or by visiting your account area. You can opt-out at anytime.
3. Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline. Whenever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in securely. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon beside our name in your web browser, or looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the web page. While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (e.g. billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers on which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
4. Cookies
Our website uses cookies to keep track of your shopping experience. These cookies don’t store any sensitive information or identify you. “Cookies” are small pieces of information that are stored by the browser on your computer’s hard drive. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually change your browser to prevent that. Even without cookies you can still use most of the features in our store, including placing items in your shopping cart and purchasing them. Overall, cookies help websites provide you with a better website, by enabling them to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives websites access to your computer or any information about you.
1
Search
Menu Categories
Area Rugs Kitchen Specialty Rugs Bench Pads Stair Treads Runners Trivets Custom Color
Wishlist
Login / Register
Shopping cart close
Sign in close
Username or email *
Password *
Log in
Lost your password?
Remember me
Or login with
Facebook
No account yet? Create an Account
Scroll To Top