https://heartofstonestudio.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Glossary of termsCart
Home » Privacy Policy
COMMITMENT TO YOUR PRIVACY
This site is owned and operated by Heart of Stone Studio. Your privacy on the Internet is of the utmost importance to us. At Heart of Stone Studio, we want to make your experience online satisfying and safe.
Because we gather certain types of information about our users, we feel you should fully understand our policy and the terms and conditions surrounding the capture and use of that information. This privacy statement discloses what information we gather and how we use it.
Heart of Stone Studio gathers two types of information about users:
1) Information that users provide through optional, voluntary submissions. These are voluntary submissions to receive our electronic newsletters, to participate in our message boards or forums, to email a friend, and from participation in polls and surveys:
2) Like many other online businesses, we gather aggregated tracking information derived mainly by tallying page views throughout our sites. This information allows us to better tailor our content to readers’ needs and to help our advertisers and sponsors better understand the demographics of our audience. Under no circumstances does Heart of Stone Studio divulge any information about an individual user to a third party.
Heart of Stone Studio Gathers User Information In The Following Processes:
1. Electronic newsletters policy (Dispatches)
Heart of Stone Studio offers a free electronic newsletter to users. We gather the email addresses of users who voluntarily subscribe. Users may remove themselves from this mailing list by following the link provided in every newsletter that points users to the subscription management page. Users can also subscribe to the newsletters at the time of registration.
2. “E-mail this to a friend” policy
Our site users can choose to electronically forward a link, page, or documents to someone else by clicking “e-mail this to a friend”. The user must provide their email address, as well as that of the recipient. This information is used only in the case of transmission errors and, of course, to let the recipient know who sent the email. The information is not used for any other purpose.
3. Usage tracking
Heart of Stone Studio tracks user traffic patterns throughout all of our sites. However, we do not correlate this information with data about individual users. Heart of Stone Studio does break down overall usage statistics according to a user’s domain name, browser type, and MIME type by reading this information from the browser string (information contained in every user’s browser).
Heart of Stone Studio sometimes tracks and catalogs the search terms that users enter in our Search function, but this tracking is never associated with individual users. We use tracking information to determine which areas of our sites users like and don’t like based on traffic to those areas. We do not track what individual users read, but rather how well each page performs overall. This helps us continue to build a better service for you.
4. Cookies
We may place a text file called a “cookie” in the browser files of your computer. The cookie itself does not contain Personal Information although it will enable us to relate your use of this site to information that you have specifically and knowingly provided. But the only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply yourself. A cookie can’t read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites. Heart of Stone Studio uses cookies to track user traffic patterns (as described above). Our advertising system delivers a one-time cookie to better track ad impressions and click rates.
You can refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser. If you’ve set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies, you will receive the warning message with each cookie. You do not need to have cookies turned on to use this site. However, you do need cookies to participate actively in message boards, forums, polling and surveys.
5. Child Protection
Consistent with the Federal Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA), we will never knowingly collect, either online or offline, personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. Children under 18 may use the site only with the permission of a parent or guardian.
Products of Interest
No products were found matching your selection.
Magical Navigator
To open a category you want to explore, click on the arrow to its right.
Then pick a subcategory or theme and click on its right arrow to see all the stone species that express that theme. Click on any stone to visit its page.
Product categoriesCabochons
Captivating Patterns
Abstract Art
Bumblebee Jasper
Cherry Creek Jasper
Carasite
Chinese Writing Stone
Laguna Lace Agate
Leopard Skin Jasper
Mexican Lace Agate
Morrisonite
Noreena Jasper
Orbicular Ocean Jasper
Owyhee Jasper
Paint Rock
Polychrome Jasper
Porcelain Jasper
Septarian
Sonoran Sunrise Jasper
Striped Jaspers
Zebra Rock
Black in the Abstract
Black and White Striped Cabochons
Chesterfield Jasper (Polychrome Jasper)
Dalmatian Stone
Jaguar Agate
Midnight Mosaic
Other Black Abstract Gems
Peanutwood
Picasso Marble
Snowflake And Spiderweb Obsidian
Utah Wonderstone
White Plume Agate Doublets
Landscapes
Bruneau Jasper
China Picture Stone
Deschutes and Biggs Jaspers
Owyhee Landscape Jasper
Polychrome Jasper Landscapes
Landscape Abstractions
Moodscape Jasper
Polish Flint
Willow Creek Jasper
The Beachcomber
Shells
Beach Stones
Tranquil Garden
Dendritic Limestone
Flower Stones
Hurricane Starburst Jasper
Kazakhstan Agate
Nature's Paintbrush
Snow Scenes
Sonoran Dendritic Jasper
Thicket Jasper
Other Tranquil Garden Designs
Splendid Specialties
Art-Carved Gems
Designs by Greg Genovese
Alex Horst Creations
Nature Forms
The Work of Hermann Petry
South Pacific Carved Gems
Cabochon Sets
Chatoyants
Amazonite
Astrophyllite
Moonstones
Norwegian Moonstone (Larvikite)
Other Chatoyants
Pietersite
Seraphinite
Collector's Rarities
Collector's Stones
Corals and Fossil Corals
Fossil Corals
Modern Corals
Faux Fun
Dyed Drusies
Dyed Magnesite
Fordite
Other Faux Stones
Fossil Gems
Amber
Ammonites in Matrix
Ammonite Drilled Pendants
Picasso Ammonite
Fossil Animal Shell
Bristlecone Pine Forest Oolite
Crinoids
Dinosaur Bone
Fern Fossils
Fossil Tree Ferns
Fossilized Mud Cracks
Fossil Orthoceras
Petrified Palmwood
Oolite
Trilobites
Other Petrified Woods
Turritella Agate
Matte-Finish Stones
Metals
Copper Fire Brick
Coppers in Matrix
Covellite
Kingston Conglomerate Copper
Pyrite And Related Gemstones
Opals
Australian Boulder Opals
Peruvian Opal
Translucents
Cape Amethyst
Montana Moss Agate
Plumed Agates
Rutilated and Other Clear Quartz
Transparent Moss Agates
Vivid Colors
Blacks
Black Onyx
Botryoidal Hematite
Hypersthene Feldspar
Obsidians
Psilomelane
Pyrite in Quartz
Shungite
Rainbow Obsidian
Blues
Azurite
Dumortierite
K2 Stone
Lapis
Other Blues
Greens
Atlantisite
Chrysoprase
Citron Magnesite (Lemon Chrysoprase)
Malachite
Green Parrot Wing Jasper
Rainforest Jasper
Variscite
Other Greens
Purples
Charoite
Chevron Amethyst
Lavender Agates
Lepidolite with Tourmaline
Sugilite
Tiffany Stone
Reds and Pinks
Agate Creek Agate
Blush Ripple Dolomite
Carnelian
Confetti Agate
Hickoryite
Mookaite
Poppy Jaspers
Red Imperial Jaspers
Rhodonite
Strawberry Rose
Tabu Jasper
Other Reds
Turquoise
Caravan Turquoise
Chinese and Tibetan Turquoise
Royston Ribbon Turquoise
Sleeping Beauty Turquoise
Other American Turquoise
WaterColors
Arizona Sunset Jasper
The Chrysocolla Group
Larimar
Ocean Wave Jasper
Parrot Wing Jasper
Savannah Jasper
Tahitian Snow Agate
Vista Jasper
Water Color Silicates
Multi-Colors
Butterfly Jasper
Fancy Jasper and Bloodstone
Two-Tone Imperial Jasper
Sweet Deals
Gift Certificates
Drusies
Uncoated Natural-Color Drusies
Cool Colors
Natural Water-Colored Drusies
Warm Colors
Pink Drusies
Sun-Kissed Drusies
Vanadinite
Multicolored
Rainbow Pyrite Druzy
Coated Drusies
Cool-Color Coatings
Blue Coated Drusies
Purple Coated Drusies
Warm-Color Coatings
Multicolor Coatings
Galaxy and Carib Drusies
Monochromatic Coatings
Precious Metal Coatings
Genuine Platinum
Genuine Gold
Top-Drilled Precious Metal Drusies
Specialty Drusies
Agate Drusies
Light Colors
Dark Colors
Collectors' Drusies
Black and White Patterned Drusies
Rare Drusies from Uruguay
Conchinas
Large Conchinas
Flow Conchinas
Druzy Matched Sets
Druzy Minis
Nature Theme Druzy
Other Interesting Crystals
Botryoidal Cabochons
Crystal Geode Slices
Crystalline Stalagmite Slices
Geodites
Finished Pendants
Artisan Beads
Gorgeous Glass
The Work of Kevin O'Grady
Bickley Studios
Faceted Stones
Natural Semi-Precious Gems
Natural Faceted Gems
Natural Gemmy Cabs
Synthetic Gemstones
CZ Cubic Zirconia
Lab Corundums and Spinels
Transparent Lab Cabochons
Strands
Stone Beads