https://heatermeals.com/privacy-policy
https://heatermeals.com/
HeaterMeals
Cafe2Go
TrueTech
CALL TO ORDER
800-503-4483
Login
/
SIGNUP
MY CART:
$0.00
Just Added to Your Cart
Hide
View Cart
Checkout
HeaterMeals
SEARCH
Products
HeaterMeals
EX
Plus
Cafe2Go
Markets
Military
Emergency
Outdoors
Medical
GSA Purchases
FEMA & DHS Grants
About Us
The Facts
Quality Assurance
Certifications & Awards
FAQ
Blog
How It Works
Self-Heating
Retort Process
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Welcome to the HeaterMeals website. Because your privacy is very important to us, we want you to understand our practices with regard to collecting and using your information both online and offline and the steps we take to safeguard it. This statement applies to personally identifiable information collected from our customers. When this Privacy Policy uses the term “personally identifiable information,” we mean information that identifies a particular individual, such as the individual’s name, postal address, e-mail address, credit card number, and telephone number. When other information, such as, for example, consumer product preferences, or number of children, is directly associated with personally identifiable information, this other information also becomes personally identifiable information for purposes of this Privacy Policy. Personally identifiable information is sometimes referred to in this Privacy Policy as “personal information.”
We welcome any and all questions and feedback. For privacy-related issues, please contact us at:
Luxfer Magtech Inc. (formally Innotech Products, Ltd.) dba HeaterMeals
Attn: Customer Service: 2940 Highland Avenue, Unit 210, Cincinnati, OH 45212.
800-503-4483
info@HeaterMeals.com
Information We Collect
a. Personally Identifiable Information
We may collect personally Identifiable Information (including name, address, telephone number, e-mail address and, when necessary, credit card information) when you:
Place an order from our catalogs or on our Web site
Make a purchase at one of our retail stores
Return an item or make an exchange
Inquire about our services
Request a catalog
Receive a gift package
Create an account at HeaterMeals.com
Subscribe to our E-mail Newsletter
Enter a contest or sweepstakes
Participate in a marketing survey, promotion or event either online or offline.
b. Aggregate Information
Our website collects some non-personal information about you using clickstream technology, so it may not be readily apparent to you that it is being collected. For instance, when you come to our site your IP address is collected.
An IP address is often associated with the place from which you enter the Internet like your ISP (Internet service provider), your company, or your university.
This information is not personally identifiable and we do not combine this type of information with personally identifiable information.
Use of Data We Collect
a. Personally Identifiable Information
At HeaterMeals, we always want to provide you with the best possible shopping experience and fulfill your orders exactly as you’ve requested. In order to do this, we use your personally identifiable information to allow us to:
Process and track your order
Provide the services you request
Contact you about the status of an order
Send you the HeaterMeals E-mail Newsletter, if you specifically request it
Identify your product and service preferences
Customize our communications to you
Provide information concerning product recalls or products you have purchased
Improve our merchandise selection and customer service
Administer a sweepstakes or similar promotion and identify or publicize the winner(s) in accordance with the rules for that promotion.
Your e-mail address will be used only for the HeaterMeals E-mail Newsletter and will not be shared with any third parties, except as described below. Instructions for unsubscribing are included in every e-mail.
b. Aggregate Information
We use the aggregate information that we collect from our customers in a manner that does not personally identify any individual. We use aggregate information to make our sites more interesting and useful to you. We also track the pages or documents accessed within our site. This information is collected for systems administration and for analyzing and improving the value of the material available on our website.
Information We Share with Others: Our Contractors
We contract with other companies (credit card processors, shippers, sweepstakes promoters, website developers and others) to provide certain services to HeaterMeals to fulfill orders, provide sweepstakes and create or maintain our website. In some instances, these contractors may have access to personally identifiable information but they contractually obligated to maintain the confidentiality of the information and to use it only for purposes of carrying out HeaterMeals business.
Disclosure Exceptions
Notwithstanding the above policies, we reserve the right to disclose your personal information to appropriate third parties if we are required to do so by law or we believe that such action is necessary:
To comply with legal process such as a search warrant, subpoena or court order;
To protect the company’s rights and property;
To protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our web site; or
During emergencies, such as when we believe someone’s physical safety is at risk
Your Choices
We offer choices about the types of information you receive from us. If you prefer not to receive other communications from HeaterMeals or if you prefer to receive them less frequently, please contact us at info@heatermeals.com. If you no longer wish to receive our E-mail Newsletter, you may unsubscribe using the link provided in each edition of the e-mail.
You may also make a subscription change or cancellation request for E-mail newsletters by mail, by writing to us at the following address:
Luxfer Magtech Inc. (formally Innotech Products, Ltd.), Ltd. dba HeaterMeals
Attn: Customer Service: 2940 Highland Avenue, Unit 210, Cincinnati, OH 45212
800-503-4483
info@HeaterMeals.com
Please be sure to provide us your exact name and address so that we can be sure to identify you correctly. Because mailings are planned in advance, it may take several weeks for your request to become effective. If, due to human error, you continue to receive unwanted communications, please contact us again and we will make every effort to correct the situation.
E-mail Use
When you provide us your e-mail address, we may send you e-mails necessary to process your order or respond to a request, or, if you agree to it, to receive or E-mail Newsletter. For example, after you place an order at HeaterMeals.com, you will receive an e-mail confirmation and, in most cases, an e-mail with package tracking information.
It is our intent to send you promotional e-mail (our E-mail Newsletter) only if you have agreed to receive it. Instructions on how to unsubscribe are included in each edition of the newsletter.
Your e-mail address will be used only for the HeaterMeals E-mail Newsletter, respond to your request or to process your order, and will not be shared with any third parties. Instructions for unsubscribing are included in every e-mail containing promotional material.
Links to Other Sites
Occasionally we provide links on our web site to other sites we think you will enjoy. These sites operate independently of HeaterMeals and have established their own privacy and security policies. HeaterMeals does not have any control over these sites privacy practices. For the best online experience, we strongly encourage you to review these policies at any site you visit.
Security
It is our intent to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you. We use a variety of current technologies and processes for protection of our customer data. We limit the information we provide to outside companies with whom we contract to only what they need to carry out their responsibilities.
When you make a purchase or create an account on our web site, your transactional information is transmitted in a safe, encrypted format. More information can be found at  http://www.dmaconsumers.org/privacy.html.
Privacy of Children on Our Web Site
Our web site is not intended for use by children under the age of 13, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13.
Policy Changes
From time to time, we may use customer information for unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change, we will post these changes on our web site. We encourage you to review our privacy policy periodically.
This policy was last updated on January 4, 2010.
Questions or Comments?
For questions, comments or assistance, we invite you to contact us:
Luxfer Magtech Inc. (formally Innotech Products, Ltd.) dba HeaterMeals
Attn: Customer Service: 2940 Highland Avenue, Unit 210, Cincinnati, OH 45212.
800-503-4483
info@HeaterMeals.com
Additional Topics of Interest
In addition to our Privacy Policy, please read our Website Terms and Conditions.
Blog Posts
Surviving a Midwinter Power Outage
Tips for Beating the Cold without Electricity Howling winds, falling tree limbs, and piles of snow can wreak havoc on power lines. Winter is a common time for power outages. Freezing temperatures can make them downright dangerous. Without electricity, many American homes don’t have a good source of heating. This can open the door for […]
Keeping Records Safe
Protecting your Important Documents: A practical guide to keeping your records safe from disaster When a natural disaster strikes, your first priority is to keep your family safe from harm. But that doesn’t mean you can afford to overlook your most important documents and records. Almost any natural disaster has the potential to ruin or destroy […]
Hypothermia FAQs: Symptoms & Treatment
Life-Saving Questions and Answers How do you pronounce Hypothermia? Hypothermia is pronounced hi-poe-THUR-me-uh. What is it? Hypothermia is a medical emergency that occurs when body temperature falls under 95°F. In severe cases, the body’s core temperature can fall lower than 82°F. How does hypothermia affect your body? When your body temperature drops, this affects your […]
HeaterMeals
About UsABOUT
Product Markets
Blog
ProductsProducts
Cafe2Go
HeaterMeals
The FactsHow It Works
The Facts
FAQ
Contact UsContact Us
GSA Purchases
FEMA & DHS Grants
Copyright © 2020 The Luxfer Group. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy |
Return Policy |
Terms of Service
COMPANY LINKS
Luxfer Magetech
Magnesium Elektron
Luxfer Group
Newsletter
Sign up for our newsletter to receive updates on our new products and deals!
Close
DID YOU KNOW...
If you're a business, organization or government agency, you may qualify for wholesale pricing? Please call us at 800-503-4483 to setup your wholesale account.
×
DID YOU KNOW...
If you're a business, organization or government agency, you may qualify for wholesale pricing? Please call us at 800-503-4483 to setup your wholesale account.
0
0
Open Overlay
Launch wholesale modal