http://hellebores.hort.net/legal/privacy.html
articles | gallery of plants | blog | tech blog | plant profiles | patents | mailing lists | top stories | links | shorturl service | tom clothier's archive
sitemap
Navigation
ArticlesGallery of PlantsBlogTech BlogPlant ProfilesPatentsMailing ListsTop StoriesLinkssHORTurl serviceTom Clothier's Archive
Follow @hort_net
Top Stories
The Rare Seeds That Escaped Syria for an Arctic VaultNew variety of apple discovered by Wiltshire runnerChinese flower evolves to avoid humansThought to be extinct plant rediscoveredFirst true red spinach releasedConnecticut man grows giant pumpkinWhy DO we call some fruits vegetables?The Bradford Pear and its Fall from Grace
story archive
mallorn computing privacy statement
Mallorn Computing is very concerned about the privacy of our users. Let's
face it
the Internet is becoming
less and less safe with each passing day. Lots of disreputable people
and companies are out to make a buck without a single concern for the
people who's lives they affect.
We find the dissemination of "spam" (unsolicted bulk email) across the
Internet to be particularly distasteful. Whether your email address
was submitted via a Web form or sent to a mailing list or newsgroup,
that most certainly does not mean that you want to start receiving
endless streams of email advertising creams and tonics, get-rich-quick
schemes, hot stocks, and worst of all, pornography. I am very glad
that I don't have young children with email accounts
I shudder to think of the
thousands of innocent children who receive these ads and unwittingly
follow links to adult entertainment sites.
For this reason Mallorn Computing will never send out email
to your address unless you have specifically requested information
from us. Some companies claim that the receipt of mail from you
constitutes "business dealings," therefore legitimizing spam to your
account. We
disagree. Email-based advertising should always be an opt-in situation,
and users should always be explicitly told that they will be receiving email
as a result of their actions.
Mallorn also pledges to never make available any information about its
users to any other party unless they are in a business relationship
with us, need the data for that relationship, and have agreed to terms
in keeping with our views unless forced to by a court order or other
legal action. We will also never send unsolicited commerical email,
nor will we place you on any mailing list unless you specifically
request it.
We do track the usage of our Web sites, but email addresses are never
associated with the data that we pull. We log what IP address
requests originate from, what URL was requested and at what time,
and the browser version that was used to connect. If a search engine
was used, we also check to see what search criteria were most popular.
This data is usually kept indefinitely to track yearly changes.
Sometimes you may see cookies sent out from our site as well. These
are only used to figure out which image was associated with a page (so
that you always get the same image in the future) or to keep track
of information spanning Web pages (like shopping carts). The cookies
will almost always expire within 24 hours, with the exception of
cookies used to track voting. We don't want you voting multiple
times, do we?
If you're visiting hort.net, ads are served by Google AdSense. To find
out more about how Google manages the privacy of information in
conjunction with serving ads on hort.net, please visit
http://www.google.com/privacy.html.
I really hope that this document helped allay any fears that you might
have. If you have any questions or comments, please don't hesitate
to send them to me at
lindsey@mallorn.com. I look forward to hearing from you!
Christopher Lindsey
President/CEO, Mallorn Computing, Inc
©
1995-2020 Mallorn Computing, Inc. — All Rights Reserved. | Terms of Use
Our Privacy Statement