https://help.dripdepot.com/support/solutions/articles/11000044556-privacy-policy
Home
Solutions
Forums
Shop
How can we help you today?
Enter your search term here...
Search
New support ticket
Check ticket status
Solution home
Customer Service
Policies
Privacy Policy
Print
Modified on: Thu, 7 Dec, 2017 at 10:39 AM
Drip Depot knows that you are concerned about how your personal information is used and shared, and we respect the importance of maintaining the privacy of our customers. In short, Drip Depot does not sell, rent or trade customer information. Drip Depot is firmly committed to providing a safe, secure and confidential experience while visiting our site.  We don't like it when companies sell our names and phone numbers to marketing companies, and we will never sell, rent or trade our customers' information with anyone, period. We believe that selling customer information for any reason is not only greedy and inconsiderate of customers' privacy, it's also just plain rude.To be specific, when you buy from Drip Depot...
You will NOT be added to ANY email list:Drip Depot does not send unsolicited email. Unlike most businesses that force you to "opt-out" of their email advertising campaigns, Drip Depot takes the reverse approach. We assume you do not want to receive email advertisements and allow you to "opt-in" if you choose.
You will NOT be added to ANY telephone marketing list:We will not sell, rent or trade your telephone number with anyone, and we will not use your telephone number for any marketing purposes of our own.
You will NOT be added to ANY postal mailing list:We will not sell, rent or trade your address information with anyone, and we will not use your address information for any marketing purposes of our own.
In short, when you buy from Drip Depot, you will NOT be contacted in any way for any reason except to inform you of the status of your order. (see below)Email notification of order status:The majority of our customers want to be kept informed of the status of their order while it is being processed. Therefore, we try to keep you as informed as possible during the processing and shipping of your order by sending you email notifications. When you place an order with Drip Depot, you will receive the following status email messages:
A confirmation email is sent immediately after you place your order.
An email is sent when your order arrives in our shipping department.
An email is sent (with tracking number if available) when your order leaves our warehouse.
During checkout you may enter any valid email address of your choice. If there is a problem with your order or we need to contact you for any reason, we will do so by sending an email to the address you give us, so please enter a valid address.Use Of Cookies
Our website and online services may use “cookies.” Cookies enable you to use our shopping cart and to personalize your experience on our site, tell us which parts of our website you have visited, help us measure the effectiveness of ads and web searches, and give us insights into user behavior so we can improve our communications and products.
You have the choice of disabling cookies in your web browser. Because cookies are used throughout our websites, disabling them may prevent you from using certain parts of our site. Specifically, our shopping cart uses cookies to track the contents of your cart.
The cookies used on our website have been categorized based on the guidelines found in the ICC UK Cookie guide. We use the following categories on our websites and other online services:
Category 1 — Strictly Necessary Cookies
These cookies are essential to enable you to browse around our websites and use their features. Without these cookies, services like shopping baskets and e-billing cannot be provided.
Category 2 — Performance Cookies
These cookies collect information about how you use our website — for instance, which pages you go to most. This data may be used to help optimize our website and make it easier for you to navigate. These cookies are also used to let affiliates know if you came to one of our websites from an affiliate and if your visit resulted in the use or purchase of a product or service from us, including details of the product or service purchased. These cookies don’t collect information that identifies you. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous.
Category 3 — Functionality Cookies
These cookies allow our website to remember choices you make while browsing. For instance, we may store your geographic location in a cookie to ensure that we show you our website that is localized for your area. We may also remember preferences such as text size, fonts, and other customizable site elements. They may also be used to keep track of what featured products or videos have been viewed to avoid repetition. The information these cookies collect will not personally identify you, and they cannot track your browsing activity.
Did you find it helpful?
Yes
NoSend feedback Sorry we couldn't be helpful. Help us improve this article with your feedback.
Related Articles