https://help.bbqguys.com/hc/en-us
Welcome to the Help Center
How can we help you today?
Orders
Order Status
Use your order number, last name, and ZIP Code to track your order.
Resending a Confirmation Email
What to do if you didn't get a confirmation email for your order.
Modify/Cancel an Order
How to make changes after an order has already been placed.
Obtaining a Rebate Form
Where to find rebate forms.
Service & Parts for Existing Products
How to get service or parts for items purchased from BBQGuys®.
Order Shows as "Canceled"
Why your order is showing as "canceled."
Request a Return or Exchange
Follow these steps for a smooth return or exchange.
Register Your BBQGuys® Products
Registration your BBQGuys® branded product is easy! Fill out our form and register your product in minutes.
Shipping & Delivery
What is Simple Shipping?
What is it, and do all items qualify?
Shipping Specifications
Detailed information about our shipping process.
Delivery Inspection
How to inspect for damages and what to do if your item arrived damaged.
Freight Delivery for Large Items
What to expect when receiving a freight delivery.
Shipping Outside the Continental U.S.
Where exactly do we ship to?
Pricing, Policies, & Security
Item Pricing & Info
Details about our pricing policy.
Price Match Policy
What to do if you find a lower price on an identical item at a local or online retail competitor.
Details & Exclusions for Discounts & Coupon Codes
Our policy on discounts and coupon codes.
Sales Tax
Where we collect sales tax from, and how we calculate it.
Request a Review of Taxes on an Order
Are the taxes on your order incorrect? Contact us to get that fixed.
Customer Security & Privacy
Detailed information about our customer security and privacy policies.
Terms & Conditions of Contests & Sweepstakes
The standard Terms and Conditions of our contests.
Rewards Accounts
BBQGuys Rewards Perks & Policies
The BBQGuys Rewards Program is designed to offer our loyal customers tangible benefits and valuable incentives.
General
Selling Processes
The steps used in customer interactions
How do I apply for a job at BBQGuys®?
Join the team!
Do you have a physical location?
Visit us in person!
Contact Forms
Submit a Ticket
Contact one of our experts to give you personalized assistance.
Product Information
This is a repository of information on products.
Appliances
Contains any information pertaining to indoor appliances.
Grills
This is where information specific to grills will be located.
Policies and Processes
BBQGuys Policies and Processes
Warranty
Contains any information pertaining to warranty situations.