https://help.classicindustries.com/accessibility?hsLang=en
Back to home
CI Help Center
Privacy & Accessibility
COVID-19
Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ's)
Shipping
Discounts & Promotions
Ordering
General
Terms of Service
Shipping
Pricing
Privacy & Accessibility
Product Information
Website
Is The Website Accessibility Friendly?
Accessibility Statement
General
Access to any company’s website can be challenging for persons having certain disabilities.  A person’s disability is often unique. What may work well for one person, may cause difficulties or another person.  Our company has made efforts to accommodate as many of our customers and potential customers as is reasonable given our size, resources, and knowledge of our customers and potential customer’s needs.  To that end, we have engaged the services of professionals to assist and advise us in these matters.  More general information about website access and website access statements can be found at www.AssessibilityStatements.com and at www.Karlinlaw.com/Accessibility-Statements-for-Websites.shtml
Accessibility on this Website
Our website provides a number of methods, features, and policies that can help with access to our website and/or to products or services provided or referred to on our website or by our business.There are also various aids available by third parties and which are provided by most browsers. A general discussion of these aids can be found on a number of websites, including www.AssessibilityStatements.com [add link] and at www.Karlinlaw.com. [add link].If you are having difficulty with access to our website even after utilizing any access features of within this website and/or any third party or browser features, we invite you to contact us for further assistance. Contact information is set forth below.Some Specific Accessibility Features within this website.This website contains a Widget, called UserWay Website Accessibility (“UserWay”), which is powered by a third party dedicated accessibility server.  The software allows us to improve its access, particularly related to certain types of disabilities, and UserWay has advised by way of its own accessibility statement that they make efforts to follow the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG 2.1).   On our website, the UserWay widget is located in the UPPER-RIGHT CORNER of most pages.Enabling the Accessibility MenuThe accessibility menu can be enabled by clicking the accessibility menu icon that appears after clicking on the Widget described above. After triggering the accessibility menu, please wait a moment for the accessibility menu to load in its entirety.DisclaimerWe anticipate that from time to time, within our resources, we will be making modifications to parts of our website, and possibly modifications to accessibility of our website.   Reasonable efforts toward improving seamless, accessible and unhindered use of websites by customers and potential customers is generally a worthwhile goal.  Moving closer to this goal will often depend on the knowledge the company has regarding any particular difficulties those using the website might encounter, as well as available resources and improvements with technology.
Despite the efforts we may have made regarding accessibility, consistent with normal business practices for a company of or size and resources, some content, features, processes, or policies, may be improved, so we welcome your suggestions.We are here for youIf you are experiencing difficulties with any content on our website because of a disability, or if you require assistance with any part of our site because of your particular disability, please contact us and let us know.  We will be happy to assist. The following telephone number is only for assisting you if you require assistance with any part of our site because of your particular disability or because you are having difficulty in accessing or navigating any part of our website because of your particular disability.  This number is not to be used for sales or product information but is to be used for help using, understanding, and/or navigating our website and information set forth on the website.   Other pages and/or links within our website may contain other telephone numbers to assist with sales, service, product information, accounts, or other aspects of our business.   However, as noted above, if you have a disability that has caused or may likely cause you difficulty in accessing or navigating any part of our website because of your particular disability, you can call us at: Phone: 888-518-2854This telephone number for assisting persons with disabilities, including but not limited to blind and visually impaired persons, is available 24 hours / 7 days a week.
You can also send an email, explaining in as much detail as possible, what type of difficulty you had, or may have had, or believe others may have. These types of emails should be sent to:access@classicindustries.com for forwarding to us. Note: If the email is sent to a third-party website or mail server for forwarding to us, the third-party website or mail servers does not itself read or respond to these emails, but will only forward such email to us without prior review.In contacting us by telephone or email, your privacy will be strictly protected.This means that you will not be required to provide any personal information, including but not limited to your: Name, address, telephone number, the specific type of disability you may have, information about goods, products, or services you might be interested in, email address (unless you include it in an email you send to us or to our representatives).For Accessibility features of popular browsers and third party screen readers and other devices to assist with access to websites can be found  at www.Karlinlaw.com and in particular www.Karlinlaw.com/Accessibility-Statements-for-Websites.shtmlCopyright (c) 2020 by The Karlin Law Firm LLP