https://hennamehndi.com/index.php?main_page=conditions
Flat $7.5 shipping + 50% off on all orders.Free shipping on orders above $99
henna tattoos
Home |
Log In |
0
- $0.00
US Dollar
Euro
British Pounds
Canadian Dollar
Australian Dollar
Brazilian Reais
Japan Yen
Switzerland Francs
Shop
Henna Tattoo Kits
Henna Hair Color Kit
Henna Tattoo Supplies
Henna Tattoos Design Books
Henna Tattoo Design Stencils
Instant Henna Tattoos
Belly Tattoo
Butterfly Tattoo
Celtic Tattoo
ChineseTattoo
Christmas Tattoo
Dragon Tattoo
Fish Tattoo
Stick-on Tattoos
Tribal Tattoo
Zodiac Tattoo
Gift Cards
Clearance
About Us
Welcome to HennaMehndi!
HennaMehndi.com is a family run business founded by the husband and wife team of Maninder Punn and Jasbir Punn.
The couple each bring their own unique talents- Jasbir is the artist, craftswoman and handles fulfillment; while Maninder handles sales, customer service and the business end of things. To the partnership, ensuring that the products you purchase are not only of the highest quality, but they also arrive when they are supposed to and the box contains the correct amount.
Customer Service
Shipping
Please contact us using any of the options on the Contact Us page. We will definitely respond within 24 hours.Your satisfaction is important to us. Probably, that is why we have been selling henna since 1998.
Shop with Confidence
Our henna powder and premixed paste is made from organically grown henna. The adhesive we use on our stencils is clinical grade. So, the tattoos you make are safe on the skin.
Information
Customer Service
About Us
Log In
Create Account
Shipping & Returns
Privacy Notice
Conditions of Use
General Info
Site Map
Gift Certificate FAQ
Discount Coupons
Newsletter Unsubscribe
Useful Links
How to use Sticker Tattoos?
Contact Us
0
- $0.00
Categories
Henna Tattoo Kits5Henna Hair Color Kit1Henna Tattoo Supplies8Henna Tattoos Design Books4Henna Tattoo Design Stencils10Instant Henna Tattoos17Belly Tattoo7Butterfly Tattoo5Celtic Tattoo6ChineseTattoo9Christmas TattooDragon Tattoo2Fish Tattoo2Stick-on Tattoos39Tribal Tattoo18Zodiac Tattoo11Gift Cards1Featured Products ...
Home
Conditions of Use
What is henna?
How to mix henna?
How to use henna stencils?
Conditions of Use
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE / DISCLAIMER
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
HennaMehndi
("HennaMehndi.com") provides its services to you
subject to the following terms and conditions. If you access this web site or
visit or shop at HennaMehndi.com, you accept these Terms and Conditions of
Use, as well as our other term and conditions on this web site, such as our
Privacy Policy, Shipping Policy, and Disclaimer. Please read them carefully.
In addition, when you use any current or future HennaMehndi.com service on
this web site, you also will be subject to the guidelines and conditions applicable
to such service.
ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS
When you visit HennaMehndi.com or send e-mails to us, you are communicating
with us electronically. You consent to receive communications from us electronically.
We will communicate with you by e-mail or by posting notices on this site. You
agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that
we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications
be in writing.
COPYRIGHT
All content included on this site, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons,
images, audio clips, digital downloads, data compilations, and software, is
the property of HennaMehndi.com or its suppliers and protected by international
copyright laws. All software used on this site is the property of HennaMehndi.com
or its software suppliers and protected by international copyright laws.
COPYRIGHT NOTICE
Copyright 2005 HennaMehndi.com, Inc. Any rights not expressly granted
herein are reserved.
TRADEMARKS
HennaMehndi.com's trademarks and trade dress may not be used without HennaMehndi.com's
prior written consent. Trademarks not owned by HennaMehndi.com that appear on
this site are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not be
affiliated with, connected to, or sponsored by HennaMehndi.com.
LICENSE AND SITE ACCESS
HennaMehndi.com grants you a limited license to access and make personal use
of this site and not to download or modify it, or any portion of it, except
with express written consent of HennaMehndi.com. This license does not include
any resale or commercial use of this site or its contents; any collection and
use of any product listings, descriptions, or prices; any derivative use of
this site or its contents; any downloading or copying of account information
for the benefit of another merchant; or any use of data mining, robots, or similar
data gathering and extraction tools. This site or any portion of this site may
not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, or otherwise exploited
for any commercial purpose without express written consent of HennaMehndi.com.
You may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo,
or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form)
of HennaMehndi.com and our affiliates without express written consent. You may
not use any meta tags or any other "hidden text" utilizing HennaMehndi.com's
name or trademarks without the express written consent of HennaMehndi.com. Any
unauthorized use terminates the permission or license granted by HennaMehndi.com.
YOUR ACCOUNT
If you use this site, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality
of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer, and
you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your
account or password. HennaMehndi.com does not sell products for purchase by children.
We may sell children's products for purchase by adults. If you are under 18,
you may use HennaMehndi.com only with adequate involvement of a parent or guardian.
HennaMehndi.com and its affiliates reserve the right to refuse service, terminate
accounts, remove or edit content, or cancel orders in their sole discretion.
REVIEWS, COMMENTS, COMMUNICATIONS, AND OTHER CONTENT
Visitors may post reviews, comments, and other content; and submit suggestions,
ideas, comments, questions, or other information, so long as the content is
not illegal, obscene, threatening, defamatory, invasive of privacy, infringing
of intellectual property rights, or otherwise injurious to third parties or
objectionable and does not consist of or contain software viruses, political
campaigning, commercial solicitation, chain letters, mass mailings, or any form
of "spam." You may not use a false e-mail address, impersonate any
person or entity, or otherwise mislead as to the origin of any content. HennaMehndi.com
reserves the right (but not the obligation) to remove or edit such content,
but does not regularly review posted content.
If you do post content or submit material or ideas, and unless we indicate
otherwise, you grant HennaMehndi.com and its affiliates a nonexclusive, royalty-free,
perpetual, irrevocable, and fully sublicensable license and right to use, reproduce,
modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute,
perform, and display such ideas and content throughout the world in any media.
You grant HennaMehndi.com and its affiliates and sublicensees the right to use
the name that you submit in connection with such content, if they choose. You
represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to
the content that you post; that the content is accurate; that use of the content
you supply does not violate this policy and will not cause injury to any person
or entity; and that you will indemnify HennaMehndi.com or its affiliates for
all claims resulting from content you supply. HennaMehndi.com has the right but
not the obligation to monitor and edit or remove any activity or content. HennaMehndi.com
takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any content posted by you
or any third party.
RISK OF LOSS
All items purchased from HennaMehndi.com are made pursuant to a shipment contract.
This means that the risk of loss and title for such items pass to you upon our
delivery to the carrier.
PRODUCT DESCRIPTIONS
HennaMehndi.com and its affiliates attempt to be as accurate as possible. However,
HennaMehndi.com does not warrant that product descriptions or other content of
this site is accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free.
RETURNS & REFUND POLICY
We do not usually offer refunds except in those situations where the final
product is drastically different from the buyer specifications for custom orders.
We will refund the entire cost of the goods except for the shipping charges
if evidence of a return is forwarded to us within 3 days of the receipt date.
The maximum return time is 14 days for international shipments. Evidence of
a return is a tracking number and name of the courier or mail service. The Postal
Service, FedEx, DHL or UPS are typical carriers you should contact for a return.
After those three days, we will offer you a store credit IF the goods are returned
undamaged and unworn. After 30 days NO REFUND will be given. Upon receiving
the package, we will contact you about the condition of the package and process
the refund only if the items are unworn and undamaged. Please insure your package
as we cannot be responsible for lost packages and we do require that all international
returns be made by air. Surface mail will not be accepted. Specialty items will
not be accepted for return or refund under any circumstance, if the goods have
been removed from its original packaging. This diminishes the value of the product
and we cannot accept its return. When returning items by mail, please take a
minute to tell us if you would like an exchange, repair, credit or refund. Concealed
damage is almost impossible to prove if no notation was made at the time of
delivery. However, if you discover internal (non-visible) damage , please contact
us within three (3) business days for instructions. We will work with you and
the carrier to resolve the issue to the best of our ability. Please return the
product in the same manner as it was received. You will be charged our costs
for all excess work required beyond the damage mentioned to bring the product
to saleable standards. Any item not returned in 30 days, shall remain the property
of the buyer for which they shall be charged. Refunds will only be granted on
receipt of the items damaged or in dispute by vendor. At the time of
delivery ,if the box is noticeably damaged, Please file an immediate claim directly
with the carrier. Please verify the contents of the package before accepting
it and signing the "PROOF OF DELIVERY". Signing the proof of delivery means
you have received the consignment in order and in good condition.
OTHER BUSINESSES
Parties other than HennaMehndi.com operate stores, provide services, or sell
product lines on this site. In addition, we may provide links to the sites of
certain other businesses. We are not responsible for examining or evaluating,
and we do not warrant the offerings of, any of these businesses or individuals
or the content of their web sites. HennaMehndi.com does not assume any responsibility
or liability for the actions, products, or content of all these and any other
third parties. You should carefully review their privacy statements and other
conditions of use.
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES
THIS SITE IS PROVIDED BY HennaMehndi.com ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS
AVAILABLE" BASIS. HennaMehndi.com MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES
OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE OPERATION OF THIS SITE OR THE INFORMATION,
CONTENT, MATERIALS, OR PRODUCTS INCLUDED ON THIS SITE. YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT
YOUR USE OF THIS SITE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY APPLICABLE LAW, HennaMehndi.com DISCLAIMS
ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES
OF NONINFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. HennaMehndi.com
DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THIS SITE, ITS SERVERS, OR E-MAIL SENT FROM HennaMehndi.com
ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
HennaMehndi.com WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING FROM
THE USE OF THIS SITE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
PUNITIVE, SPECIAL, AND CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES.
CERTAIN STATE LAWS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR THE EXCLUSION
OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY TO YOU, SOME OR ALL OF
THE ABOVE DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS, OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, AND
YOU MIGHT HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS.
SITE POLICIES, MODIFICATION, AND SEVERABILITY
Please review our other policies, such as our Privacy Policy, Shipping Policy,
and Disclaimer, posted on this site. These policies also govern your visit to
HennaMehndi.com. We reserve the right to make changes to our site, policies,
and these Terms and Conditions of Use at any time. If any of these terms and
conditions shall be deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that
term shall be deemed severable and shall not affect the validity and enforceability
of any remaining terms or conditions.
GENERAL
These Terms and Conditions of Use shall not be governed by the U.N. Convention
on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods; rather, these Terms and Conditions
of Use shall be governed by the laws of the State of California without reference
to conflicts of laws principles. These Terms and Conditions of Use and other
policies on this web site constitute the entire agreement between us and supersede
any other communications or advertising with respect to HennaMehndi.com's web
site. The waiver of a breach of any term hereof shall in no way be construed
as a waiver of any other term or breach hereof. The person agreeing to these
Terms and Conditions of Use represents and warrants that such person is authorized
to bind and does so bind his or her principal or employer and has adequate legal
capacity to enter these Terms and Conditions of Use. You may not assign these
Terms and Conditions of Use or any rights or obligations hereunder, directly
or indirectly, by operation of law or otherwise, without the prior written consent
of HennaMehndi.com; HennaMehndi.com may assign these Terms and Conditions of Use
and rights hereunder to any entity. Subject to the foregoing sentence, these
Terms and Conditions of Use shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon
the parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns.
Last Revised September 28, 2009
DISCLAIMER
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
HennaMehndi.com makes every effort to present accurate and timely information
regarding the products we have for sale. However, it is possible that discrepancies
or inaccuracies may arise if HennaMehndi.com receives inaccurate information
from our suppliers or other outside sources. Should you encounter any information
on our site that you deem inaccurate, please inform us at sales@HennaMehndi.com.
DISCLAIMERS OF WARRANTIES & PRODUCT LIABILITY
HennaMehndi.com shall not be held liable for any damaged goods or any injuries
resulting from use of any products. HennaMehndi.com does not provide warranties
on any merchandise--any warranty or promises made by the manufacturers are solely
their liability. Many different entities participate in HennaMehndi.com, and
HennaMehndi.com holds no liability for the services or products sold by them.
HennaMehndi.com claims no exclusive ownership of the goods, stores, or services
found in this mall, and, as such, HennaMehndi.com shall not be held liable for
them.
The information made available to you through our catalogs is limited to the
information provided by the manufacturer to us. All products displayed in our
catalogs may not be available for sale due to product unavailablity or other
reasons.
INFORMATION LIABILITY
In no event shall HennaMehndi.com or any of its sources be liable for any direct,
special, incidental, indirect, or consequential damages whatsoever (including
but not limited to: damages for loss of business profits, business interruption,
loss of business information, or any other pecuniary loss) arising out of the
use of the information made available on this web site.
Information on the HennaMehndi.com web site may not be reproduced, copied, or
altered without the express written consent of HennaMehndi.com and its affiliates.
Back
Pay with
Bestsellers
Premixed Henna Paste in cones$3.70 Sale: $1.85Save: 50% off
Natural Premixed Henna Tubes$9.90 Sale: $4.95Save: 50% off
Henna Mehndi Oil$2.98 Sale: $1.49Save: 50% off
Who's Online
There currently are 7 guests online.
Shop
Home
Featured
Specials
New Arrivals
View All
Customer Service
Shipping and Returns
Contact Us
About Us
My Account
Gift Certificate FAQ
Discount Coupons
Newsletter Unsubscribe
Share and Connect
Copyright © 2020 HennaMehndi.com.
Powered by Zen Cart.
Responsive Zen cart templates by Picaflor Azul.
Site Map
Privacy Notice
Conditions of Use
Parse Time: 0.190 - Number of Queries: 290 - Query Time: 0.11122176519775