https://hennamehndi.com/index.php?main_page=privacy
Flat $7.5 shipping + 50% off on all orders.Free shipping on orders above $99
henna tattoos
Home |
Log In |
0
- $0.00
US Dollar
Euro
British Pounds
Canadian Dollar
Australian Dollar
Brazilian Reais
Japan Yen
Switzerland Francs
Shop
Henna Tattoo Kits
Henna Hair Color Kit
Henna Tattoo Supplies
Henna Tattoos Design Books
Henna Tattoo Design Stencils
Instant Henna Tattoos
Belly Tattoo
Butterfly Tattoo
Celtic Tattoo
ChineseTattoo
Christmas Tattoo
Dragon Tattoo
Fish Tattoo
Stick-on Tattoos
Tribal Tattoo
Zodiac Tattoo
Gift Cards
Clearance
About Us
Welcome to HennaMehndi!
HennaMehndi.com is a family run business founded by the husband and wife team of Maninder Punn and Jasbir Punn.
The couple each bring their own unique talents- Jasbir is the artist, craftswoman and handles fulfillment; while Maninder handles sales, customer service and the business end of things. To the partnership, ensuring that the products you purchase are not only of the highest quality, but they also arrive when they are supposed to and the box contains the correct amount.
Customer Service
Shipping
Please contact us using any of the options on the Contact Us page. We will definitely respond within 24 hours.Your satisfaction is important to us. Probably, that is why we have been selling henna since 1998.
Shop with Confidence
Our henna powder and premixed paste is made from organically grown henna. The adhesive we use on our stencils is clinical grade. So, the tattoos you make are safe on the skin.
Information
Customer Service
About Us
Log In
Create Account
Shipping & Returns
Privacy Notice
Conditions of Use
General Info
Site Map
Gift Certificate FAQ
Discount Coupons
Newsletter Unsubscribe
Useful Links
How to use Sticker Tattoos?
Contact Us
0
- $0.00
Categories
Henna Tattoo Kits5Henna Hair Color Kit1Henna Tattoo Supplies8Henna Tattoos Design Books4Henna Tattoo Design Stencils10Instant Henna Tattoos17Belly Tattoo7Butterfly Tattoo5Celtic Tattoo6ChineseTattoo9Christmas TattooDragon Tattoo2Fish Tattoo2Stick-on Tattoos39Tribal Tattoo18Zodiac Tattoo11Gift Cards1Featured Products ...
Home
Privacy Notice
What is henna?
How to mix henna?
How to use henna stencils?
Privacy Notice
HennaMehndi.com Privacy Policy
What This Privacy Policy Covers
This policy covers how HennaMehndi.com treats personal information that
HennaMehndi.com collects and receives, including information related
to your past use of HennaMehndi.com products and services. Personal information
is information about you that is personally identifiable like your name, address,
email address, or phone number, and that is not otherwise publicly available.
Information Collection and Use
General
HennaMehndi.com collects personal information when you register with
HennaMehndi.com. When you register we ask for information such as your
name, email address, birth date, mailing address, zip code and phone number.
Once you register with HennaMehndi.com, you are not anonymous to us.
HennaMehndi.com uses information for the following general purposes:
to customize the advertising and content you see, fulfill your requests for
products and services, improve our services, contact you, conduct research,
and provide anonymous reporting for internal and external clients.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
HennaMehndi.com does not rent, sell, or share personal information about you
with other people or nonaffiliated companies except to provide products or services
you've requested, when we have your permission, or under the following circumstances:
We provide the information to trusted partners who work on behalf of or with
HennaMehndi.com under confidentiality agreements. HennaMehndi.com works with vendors,
partners, advertisers, and other service providers in different industries and
categories of business. These businesses such as shipping companies and credit
card companies may have access to certain personal information needed to perform
their functions. But these companies are under obligation not to use that information
for any other purpose. By law, we sometimes must release account and other personal
information when we believe release is necessary to comply with law; enforce
or apply our Conditions of Use and other agreements; or protect the rights,
property, or safety of HennaMehndi.com, our users, or others. This may include
exchanging information with State or Federal officials, as well as other companies
and organizations to increase fraud protection and credit risk reduction. This
is for our customers' own good and protects all of us.
Your Ability to Edit and Delete Your Account Information and Preferences
General
You can edit your (make this a hyper link) HennaMehndi.com Account at
any time.
You can opt to receive email promotions for a specific section. This can be
done at the time of registration.
We reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to the HennaMehndi.com
service, such as service announcements, administrative messages and the HennaMehndi.com
Newsletter, that are considered part of your HennaMehndi.com account,
without offering you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving them.
Confidentiality and Security
We limit access to personal information about you to employees who we believe
reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide products
or services to you or in order to do their jobs.
We have physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with federal
regulations to protect personal information about you.
What Personal Information About Me Does HennaMehndi.com Use?
Any information we learn from our customers about them helps us only to serve
them better and improve their shopping experience on our site. Any information
you enter on our Web site or give to us in any other way is stored securely
on our servers. You may always choose not to provide certain information, but
in doing so, you may deny yourself the ability to use the site or use certain
features. In most cases, we use the information customers provide for such purposes
as assisting with order processing, responding to your customer queries, customizing
emails and shopping for customers, and simply communicating.
In truth, due to our careful security measures, we receive certain types of
information whenever you interact with us. Many websites, for example, use "cookies,"
and we do as well. These are used to recognize when you return to HennaMehndi.com
through your browser and to follow your movements through the site to better
help us in making a site that you will enjoy using. You may find some companies
that offer utilities that allow you to visit sites anonymously. You are welcome
to use such programs while at HennaMehndi.com, of course, though they will impede
us from personalizing your experience on our site and may make it impossible
for you to sign in and use your account.
We also generally receive a confirmation when you open e-mail from HennaMehndi.com,
though only if your computer and service provider supports such capabilities.
This way, we know if, for instance, if you've received an answer to a question
you may have asked, or notifications about an order you may have placed. If
you do not want to receive e-mail or other mail from us, please change your
Preferences within your account. Occasionally via email, we provide a product
recommendation or special offer that we believe will interest you. Every email
of this type is carefully reviewed by our staff for quality and value, as, frankly,
we dislike getting "junk" email as much as anyone. Any offers you
receive from us will have met specific standards and may, of course, be ignored,
but we hope you find them as valuable as we do.
How Secure Is The Information HennaMehndi.com Has About Me?
We use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software during any order transmission to
encrypt valuable information customers input. Your account password is also
protected, as we know how important it is to allow only authorized access to
your account. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer and
never give your password to anyone you aren't sure you can trust.
Remember that this Privacy Policy governs your use of HennaMehndi.com, as
well as our use of your information. It is your responsibility to review this
Policy for changes, as well as your own account. If you choose to visit HennaMehndi.com,
your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Policy and our terms
of usage as outlined throughout this site. This includes shipping and return
policies, damage limitations, disputes, and the laws of Republic of India. Please
check our site frequently to see any changes to this or other policies. HennaMehndi.com
may update this policy.
Still have questions? Contact us at sales@HennaMehndi.com
Back
Pay with
Bestsellers
Premixed Henna Paste in cones$3.70 Sale: $1.85Save: 50% off
Natural Premixed Henna Tubes$9.90 Sale: $4.95Save: 50% off
Henna Mehndi Oil$2.98 Sale: $1.49Save: 50% off
Who's Online
There currently are 7 guests online.
Shop
Home
Featured
Specials
New Arrivals
View All
Customer Service
Shipping and Returns
Contact Us
About Us
My Account
Gift Certificate FAQ
Discount Coupons
Newsletter Unsubscribe
Share and Connect
Copyright © 2020 HennaMehndi.com.
Powered by Zen Cart.
Responsive Zen cart templates by Picaflor Azul.
Site Map
Privacy Notice
Conditions of Use
Parse Time: 0.253 - Number of Queries: 290 - Query Time: 0.11121676193237