http://herbs4cure.com/store2/index.php?main_page=privacy
Free shipping on orders over $80.
Log In
0
- $0.00
Checkout
Categories
Anti-aging, Vitality
Heart, Hypertension, Cholesterol
Pain relief, Arthritis
Cold, Flu, Inflammation
Hair, Eye Health, Vision
Prostate Problems, Diabetes
Fat Burners, Constipation
Insomnia, Memory, Brain
Men Health
Immune Support
Detoxication, Cleansing
Menopause, Fertility
Lung, Sinus, Troat Problems, Flu
Kidney Stones, Liver
Stop Smoking Remedy
Herb. Antibiotic, Allergy/Asthma
Oil of Wild Oregano
Acne, Skin Problems
Stomach, Ulcer, Hemorrhoids
Herbal Healing teas
Aerobic Oxygen
Herbal Blood Pressure Formula
Angelica Tea Extract
Reishi (LingZhi)
Anti-aging Tablets
Natural Treasure - Astaxanthin
Cordyceps Sinensis Capsules
Herbal Blood Sugar Formula
Pain Relieving Oil
Dragon Power Sexual pills
Ginseng Miracle Tonic
Hair Rejuvenation Tonic
Healthy Brain Pills
Migraine & headache remedy.
Thyroid support
Hemorrhoids Remedy
Information
Customer Service
Log In
Create Account
Shipping & Returns
Privacy Notice
Conditions of Use
General Info
Site Map
Discount Coupons
Useful Links
Subscribe to Health News and Tips
Contact Us
0
- $0.00
Anti-aging, Vitality
Heart, Hypertension, Cholesterol
Pain relief, Arthritis
Cold, Flu, Inflammation
Hair, Eye Health, Vision
Prostate Problems, Diabetes
Fat Burners, Constipation
Insomnia, Memory, Brain
Men Health
Immune Support
Detoxication, Cleansing
Menopause, Fertility
Lung, Sinus, Troat Problems, Flu
Kidney Stones, Liver
Stop Smoking Remedy
Herb. Antibiotic, Allergy/Asthma
Oil of Wild Oregano
Acne, Skin Problems
Stomach, Ulcer, Hemorrhoids
Herbal Healing teas
Aerobic Oxygen
Herbal Blood Pressure Formula
Angelica Tea Extract
Reishi (LingZhi)
Anti-aging Tablets
Natural Treasure - Astaxanthin
Cordyceps Sinensis Capsules
Herbal Blood Sugar Formula
Pain Relieving Oil
Dragon Power Sexual pills
Ginseng Miracle Tonic
Hair Rejuvenation Tonic
Healthy Brain Pills
Migraine & headache remedy.
Thyroid support
Hemorrhoids Remedy
Subscribe to Health News and Tips
Categories
Anti-aging, VitalityHeart, Hypertension, CholesterolPain relief, ArthritisCold, Flu, InflammationHair, Eye Health, VisionProstate Problems, DiabetesFat Burners, ConstipationInsomnia, Memory, BrainMen HealthImmune SupportDetoxication, CleansingMenopause, FertilityLung, Sinus, Troat Problems, FluKidney Stones, LiverStop Smoking RemedyHerb. Antibiotic, Allergy/AsthmaOil of Wild OreganoAcne, Skin ProblemsStomach, Ulcer, HemorrhoidsHerbal Healing teasAerobic OxygenHerbal Blood Pressure FormulaAngelica Tea ExtractReishi (LingZhi)Anti-aging TabletsNatural Treasure - AstaxanthinCordyceps Sinensis CapsulesHerbal Blood Sugar FormulaPain Relieving OilDragon Power Sexual pillsGinseng Miracle TonicHair Rejuvenation TonicHealthy Brain PillsMigraine & headache remedy.Thyroid supportHemorrhoids RemedyNew Products ...All Products ...
Information
Shipping & Returns
Privacy Notice
Conditions of Use
Contact Us
Site Map
Home
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
Herbs4cure.com Privacy Policy
Effective Date: 3/17/2016
This policy sets forth the type of information Herbs4cure.com collects from
you via this website: Herbs4cure.com (the "Website"), the way we use
such information, and the procedures we use to keep such information
confidential.
Herbs4cure.com takes every reasonable precaution to protect our users'
personal information. When users submit sensitive information via the Herbs4cure.com
website, their information is protected both online and off-line.
Your Consent
By using the Website, you consent to the collection and use of certain
information in the manner we describe and agree to be bound by the terms of use
as set forth herein. By logging into your cart, you consent to periodic email
notifications regarding the status of your order.
Notification of Changes
The practices and policies contained in this Policy are subject to change at
any time without prior notice. If we decide to change our policies, we will
post those changes on this Website. Information collected before changes are
made will be secured according to the Policy in place at the time such
information is collected notwithstanding future changes to this Policy. The
practices and policies in this Policy replace all previous notices or
statements with respect to the same subject matter. We encourage you to
periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy
practices.
Opt-out or Termination of User Accounts
If users have opted out of all communication with the Website, or
deleted/deactivated their account, Herbs4cure.com will not contact such users
again nor will their personal information ever be used by us in any manner.
Contact Information
If users have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy,
please contact us.
Security
We are committed to preventing others from unauthorized access to the
personal information you provide to us, and we maintain commercially reasonable
procedures and technology designed for this purpose. The Website has reasonable
technical and organizational security measures in place to protect the loss,
misuse, or alteration of information under our control. However, we cannot
guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to defeat those
security measures or use your personal information for improper purposes.
When our registration/order form asks users to enter sensitive information,
such as credit card number, that information is encrypted and is protected with
the best encryption software in the industry, 256-bit SSL.
While we use 256-bit SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online,
we also do everything in our power to protect user-information off-line. All of
our users' information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is
restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a
specific job (for example, our billing clerk or a customer service
representative) are granted access to personally identifiable information.
Finally, the servers that store personally identifiable information are in a
secure environment.
The Information We Collect
We request information from the user on our secure order form. A user must
provide contact information (such as name, email, and shipping address) and
financial information (such as credit card number, expiration date). This
information is used for billing purposes and to fill customer's orders. We may
store this information on secure server. We will share your personal
information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this
privacy policy. We do not sell your personal information to third parties. If
we have trouble processing an order, the information is used to contact the
user. We may also use this information to inform you of additional goods and
services about which you might be interested or to customize your experience
and use of the Website.
We may ask you for personally-identifying information in connection with a
promotion or survey. Any email you receive from us, or third parties authorized
by you to send email, will contain additional opt-out or unsubscribe options in
the email with instructions on how to unsubscribe from receiving future emails.
If you want to send an item to your friend, we will ask for your friend's
first name, last name, address and email address. We will only use this
information to complete your order and send the item to your friend. Herbs4cure.com
stores this information for the sole purpose of processing this order and
tracking the success of your order. Your friend may contact us to request that
we remove this information from our database.
We may automatically gather general statistical information about our
website and visitors, such as IP addresses, browsers, pages viewed, number of
visitors, goods and services purchased, transactions completed, etc. To do
this, we use action tags and cookies provided by our site analytics and
marketing partners. Although these partners log the information coming from our
site on our behalf, we authorize how that data may and may not be used.
Children Under 13
We do not knowingly collect or use personal information from children under
13. We have no way of distinguishing the age of individuals who address our
website, and so we carry out the same Privacy Policy for individuals of all
ages. If a child has provided us with personal information, the parent or
guardian should contact us to remove the information and opt out of promotional
opportunities.
Log Files
Like most standard website servers, we use log files. This includes internet
protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP),
referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to
analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement in the aggregate,
and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses, etc.
are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
Technologies such as: cookies, beacons, tags, and scripts are used by Herbs4cure.com
and our partners [e.g. lifestyle-publishing websites, etc.], affiliates, or
analytics or service providers [e.g. online customer support provider, etc.].
These technologies are used in analyzing trends, administering the site,
tracking users' movements around the site and to gather demographic information
about our user base as a whole. We may receive reports based on the use of
these technologies by these companies on an individual as well as aggregated
basis.
We use Local Storage Objects (LSOs) such as HTML5 to store geographic
information and user preferences. Third parties with whom we partner to provide
certain features on our site or to display advertising based upon your Web
browsing activity use LSOs such as HTML5 to collect and store information.
Various browsers may offer their own management tools for removing HTML5 LSOs.
Why do we use these technologies?
MANDATORY COOKIES
Minimum required for the site to function correctly and securely.
This website will:
Remember page to page
information essential for completing forms
Remember cookie settings
Protect your personal
information
PREFERENCE AND ANALYTICS
Used to improve your browsing experience.
This website will:
Retain preference settings
and geographic information
Make sure the website looks
consistent
Capture website usage to
further improve experience
SOCIAL MEDIA AND ADVERTISING
Enables selected advertising relevant
to you.
This website will:
Allow you to share pages with
social networks like Facebook, Pinterest, and Twitter, etc.
The use of tracking technologies by our third party [partners, affiliates,
service providers] is not covered by our privacy policy. Technology limitations
do not enable us direct access or control over such technologies.
The Way We Use Information
Our goal is to provide products that best meet your needs, therefore we evaluate your personal interactions with us in an
effort to bring you the products which best suit your tastes. In addition, we
use your information to improve our marketing and promotional efforts, to
statistically analyze site usage, to improve our content and product offerings,
and to customize our site's content, layout, and services.
We may use your information to deliver information to you that, in some cases,
is targeted to your interests, such as targeted banners, new products,
services, and promotions. At times, we may ask you to provide us voluntarily
with additional information regarding your personal or business interests,
experience, or requests, which we may use to customize our products and
services for you.
If you place a request for products or services, we use your personal
information to ship your order; if the products or services are from a retail
partner, we may provide your relevant
information to that retailer for purposes of the transaction. If you establish
a credit account with us or our providers, we collect additional information,
including billing information, credit card number, and expiration date, and
tracking information from checks or money orders.
If Herbs4cure.com is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a
portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice
on our Site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as
well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.
We may also use or disclose information to resolve disputes or investigate
problems. We may disclose or access information whenever we believe in good
faith that the law so requires or if we otherwise consider it necessary to do
so to maintain service and improve our products and services.
We may use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our servers, to
manage our website and to enhance our site based on the usage pattern data we
receive.
Category of Use
Example
Mandatory
We use security cookies to authenticate users, prevent fraudulent use of
login credentials, and protect user data from unauthorized parties.
For example, they help protect your account from being accessed by anyone
other than you to keep your information safe and secure.
Preference and Analytics
We use analytic cookies to understand, improve, and research products you
are interested in when accessing our websites from a computer or mobile
device.
For example, we allow our websites to remember information that changes
the way the site behaves or looks, such as your preferred language or the
region you are in.
Loss of the information stored in a preference cookie may make the website
experience less functional but should not prevent it from working.
Social Media and Advertising
We use cookies and similar technologies to understand and deliver ads that
are more relevant to you.
For example, some common applications of cookies are to select advertising
based on what’s relevant to a
user; to improve reporting on campaign performance; and to avoid showing ads
the user has already seen.
Additionally, we may use cookies to understand and improve how you are
using social plugins to interact with our website and products. We may share
information about this analysis with our partners.
User Access and Choice
If your personal information changes, or if you no longer desire our
service, you may correct, update, amend, or delete it by making the change on
your member information page, or by contacting us by telephone or postal mail
at the contact information listed below. We will respond to your request to
access within 30 days.
or Contact us form
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as
needed to provide you services. We will retain and use your information as
necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce
our agreements.
Newsletter
Users who no longer wish to receive our newsletter may opt-out of receiving
these communications by following the instructions on our unsubscribe page.
Email-A-Friend
If a user elects to use our Email-A-Friend service for informing a friend
about an article, we launch the default email program on the user's computer.
We do not know who the article is sent to, and therefore we cannot collect and
store that data.
Links
The Web site contains links to other sites. Herbs4cure.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or
the content of such other sites. By including links to other websites, we
neither endorse such sites nor guarantee that the information they contain is
accurate. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site to read the
privacy statements of every linked website as the privacy policies of each may
differ from ours. This privacy statement applies solely to the Herbs4cure.com website.
Social Media Widgets
Our Site includes Social Media Features, such as the Facebook and Twitter
etc. buttons and Widgets, such as the Share this button or interactive
mini-programs that run on our site. These Features may collect your IP address,
which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the
Feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either
hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with
these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
Third Party Advertising
We do not accept any paid advertisements on Herbs4cure.com. Any services or products recommended and/or
offered in the newsletter or elsewhere on Herbs4cure.com have gone through
extensive review before such recommendations, and based on that review were
recommended and/or offered.
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on Herbs4cure.com. Google's use of the
DART cookie enables it to serve ads to Herbs4cure.com
users based on their visit to Herbs4cure.com
and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART
cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy
We partner with a third party to either display advertising on our Web site
or to manage our advertising on other sites. Our third party partner may use
technologies such as cookies to gather information about your activities on
this site and other sites in order to provide you advertising based upon your
browsing activities and interests.
We also may use Google AdSense to publish ads on this site. When you view or
click on an ad, a cookie will be set to help better provide advertisements that
may be of interest to you on this and other Web sites. You may opt-out of the
use of this cookie by visiting Google's Advertising and Privacy page: http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
Back
Home
::
Subscribe to Health News and Tips
::
Frequently Asked Questions
::
Testimonials
::
My Account
Shop
Home
Featured
View All
Customer Service
Shipping
Contact Us
My Account
Copyright © 2020 Herbs4cure.com.
Site Map
Privacy Notice
Conditions of Use