https://herbalsupplies.com.au/about-us/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy | Hilde Hemmes' Herbals
My Account
Checkout
Basket
0 Items
Home
About Us
Conditions
Products
A-Z List
Biotta Juices
Books
Herbal Capsules
Herbal Creams
Herbal Extracts
Herbal Teas
Therapeutic Teabags
Single Teabags
Mixed Teabags
Therapeutic Teas
Traditional Teas
Herbal Wine
Miscellaneous
Organic Products
Find A Store
FAQ
Contact Us
Specials
Ask Hilde
Select Page
Privacy Policy
Username and password
www.herbalsupplies.com.au considers registration information private, and maintains that the safekeeping of your username and password are your responsibility. We are not liable for any unauthorised use of your username and password. In circumstances where a password is forgotten, the password must be reset using a validated email address.
We take your privacy seriously
We collect and store personal Information with the understanding that such information is privileged and to be used only for the purpose for which it was disclosed.
Security of personal information
Your personal information is stored in a manner that reasonably protects it from misuse and loss and from unauthorized access, modification or disclosure. When your personal information is no longer needed for the purpose for which it was obtained, we will take reasonable steps to destroy or permanently de-identify your personal information. However, most of the personal information is or will be stored in client files which will be kept by us for several years.
The website contains hyperlinks to external resources, hosted and operated by third parties. These parties have their own privacy policies, including cookies, and we urge you to review them carefully. We do not accept any responsibility or liability for the handling of your personal information when visiting these external resources; your use of those third party resources and/or websites is your own responsibility.
Use of cookies
www.herbalsupplies.com.au uses cookies to track your preferences regarding our site’s features such as the “remember me” login feature. If you block www.herbalsupplies.com.au cookies you may not be able to register as a consequence.
We use cookies to ensure you get the best user experience on our website. We use Google Analytics to anonymously measure your use of this website to improve your experience. Cookies are used to log you in to our site and provide a session which allows our site to temporarily and securely remember your preferences, e.g. the information you fill in on the register form before you submit it.
Use of collected personal information
Personal information is information or an opinion that identifies an individual. All your personal information is protected using secure website protection software. Personal information we collect include: names, addresses, email addresses, phone and facsimile numbers. This Information is obtained via our website or user registration. We collect your personal information for the primary purpose of providing our services to you.
Herbal Supplies Pty Ltd will NOT sell, rent or otherwise willingly transmit the recorded personal information to any third party. We only use the recorded personal information for;
Service administration purposes, e.g. sending you password reminders, registration confirmations, etc.
To contact you regarding your order placed on our website.
To personalize your experience, through the storage of your preferences in cookies and/or our site’s database.
Analyse the use of our website and improve its usability.
If Herbal Supplies Pty Ltd ever wishes to use the recorded personal information for other uses, we will notify you beforehand so that you have the chance to opt-out from these new uses.
When we contact you
We may contact you for the following reasons:
When you register or modify a user account, request a username/password reminder or reset, or in any other case where you perform an action related to the administration of the information stored in your user account.
We may contact you if your order status has changed e.g. shipped, confirmed etc, or a change is imminent.
We may contact you to send you a copy of your invoice after a purchase.
We may also directly contact you – manually sending out emails – under special circumstances such as:
Suspecting that your account is compromised by an unauthorised third party.
Before, during or after server-related incidents which may seriously hamper your ability to use our services.
In case you have crossed the line of fair use of our services.
If you have so asked us with an email, ticket, personal message, instant message or any other form of contact.
Information sharing with third parties
Information collected by www.herbalsupplies.com.au will not be shared with any third parties. Not in their raw form, not in a processed or aggregate form. We do not share personal information with third parties except as stated in the “Use of collected Personal information” article above.
Privacy policy for minors
If you are considered a minor in your jurisdiction (for example, people under 18 years of age) you must get your parent’s/guardian’s permission before submitting any content or personal information to www.herbalsupplies.com.au If you or your parent/guardian believes beyond doubt that such information have been submitted in violation of the above term, you may submit to us relevant proof so that we can remove the offending information from our website and records.
Contact information
If you have any questions regarding our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy you may contact us via the “Contact Us” link in the top menu bar of this website.
Contact Herbal Supplies Pty Ltd
3 Jennifer Avenue, Ridgehaven,
South Australia 5097, Australia
(08) 8264 2453
(08) 8265 4777
enquiries@herbalsupplies.com.au
Product CategoriesA-Z List
Biotta Juices
Books
Organic Products
Herbal Capsules
Herbal Creams
Herbal Extracts
Herbal Wine
Traditional Teas
Therapeutic Teabags
Therapeutic Teas
Miscellaneous
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Quality Assurance
Copyright © 2019 Herbal Supplies Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved.