https://hfs-online.com/terms-conditions
Home
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
Your staturory customer rights are not affectedDEFINITIONSSeller means Home, Field & Stream (18-20) Church Street, Enniskillen, Co.Fermanagh, Northern Ireland) and the companys web sites www.hfs-online.com , www.hfs-online.co.uk, www.homefieldandstream.comCUSTOMERMeans the person or company to whom this document is addressed.
1. General
These terms and conditions are applicable to the supply of products made by the Seller, hereafter referred as Home, Field & Stream. To the buyer hereafter referred as the Customer.
2. Price
2.1All prices are quoted in British Sterling both Net and inclusive of VAT (as may be prescribed by law from time to time), unless otherwise specified.2.2Prices are plus postage unless stated otherwise.
3. Payment
Payments must be made in British Sterling unless by one of the following payment methods. Major credit cards as listed: Visa, MasterCard, Delta, Switch, Solo, Maestro, Visa Electron & American Express, Cheques made payable to Home, Field & Stream.
Paypal to webmaster@homefieldandstream.com
Your card is charged when your package is ready to be shipped.
4. Passing of Property
Home, Field & Stream shall retain the property of the goods until full payment has been made by the customer and has been received
5. Passing of Risk
The risk in the goods shall pass to the Customer on delivery, as defined in clause 6.3 below.
6. Delivery
6.1 Delivery dates:Any date or period for delivery shall be considered as indicative only, although it is our policy to try to dispatch all orders within 1 working day, we aim for next working day delivery but cannot be guaranteed by any carrier. Any products not available at the time of your order will be sent to you as soon as possible, when received from the manufacturer. Home, Field & Stream cannot be held responsible for delays in the delivery caused by the manufacturer, or any other third party.
When placing your order you should receive an automatic order confirmation by email, this will confirm the detail of your order, but is in no way an acceptance of your order or a guarantee of supply. Unless otherwise requested all communication with you by us will be through email, it is imperative that you correctly state your email address in your order. All orders are subject to security checking and stock availability. 6.2 ShippingOrders will be shipped via Courier or Royal Mail. This will require a signature on delivery (If Applicable). Delivery performance during busy times such as Christmas may be slightly slower.
See particular product or order for details of postage. Products in one order will be dispatched together.
If part of your order is not in stock your other items will be held until out of stock item is recieved. If you wish you can process two seperate transactions, this will process in-stock item quicker for delivery.
We generally try to get items posted out same day on orders before 1pm dependant on work load for that day. Items ordered on Saturday and Sunday will be sent out on Monday.
On occasion goods are subject to availability and delay in delivery of goods is sometimes outside our control. As such, delivery cannot be guaranteed and any dates we specify for the delivery of the goods are approximate only. We shall not be liable for any losses, costs, damages, charges, or expenses caused by any delay for delivery of the goods.
If you are ordering from the Channel Islands, Scottish Islands, Isle of White, Isle of Man or anywhere not considered mainland UK please email us for delivery charges. Larger items are subject to couriers surcharges and so may be of a higher postage rate than specified.6.3 Passing of RiskWhere goods have been received damaged, a refund/exchange application will only be acknowledged if the goods are returned together with their original packaging within 14 days of receipt of the order to the Home, Field & Stream. trading address.
Where the goods are signed for, the customer bears the risk once the goods are signed for. If a customer believes that a parcel has been tampered with, it is their responsibility to refuse to sign for the goods.
In the event of a damaged or lost parcel, Home, Field & Stream, will forward a claim to the appropriate courier on the behalf of the customer. Home, Field & Stream will liaise with the customer to replace or trace the missing item(s).
Failure to give accurate information while making a claim may lead to a prosecution from the courier company.
7. Acceptance
The Customer shall inspect the goods within a reasonable time after their receipt. They will be demmed if the customer has not notified the seller witin 14 days that the goods are rejected. (This does not however affect the customer's statutory rights). If no such action has been taken, Home, Field & Stream shall consider the products being as described, of satisfactory quality and fit for their purposes, and may not accept any reject at a later date.
8. Returns Procedure
8.1If the goods are to be rejected in the time limit set in clause 7 above, the Customer shall comply with the return procedure as defined in clause 8.2, below. Home, Field & Stream will not accept any returned goods should the return not follow the aforementioned return procedure.8.2The Customer must send all returns within 14 days of receipt to;
Returns Department
Home, Field & Stream
Online Sales
18-20 Church Street
Enniskillen
Co. Fermanagh
Northern Ireland
BT74 7EJ
Any used, worn, damaged products or those with sales tags removed will NOT be eligible for a refund/exchange.
It is advisable that a certificate of posting is obtained.
Please allow 28 days for your returned item to be delivered (within the UK)8.3In cases where the rejection of the goods is due to a defect in an item, the Customer is entitled to a replacement. The faulty or damaged product must be returned to the manufacturer or Home, Field & Stream before the replacement can be issued. Postage costs will be refunded to the customer on inspection of the goods and confirmation of fault by the manufacturer or ourselves.8.4In cases where the rejection is due to an incorrect order from the Customer or to dissatisfaction, the Customer is entitled to a refund, exchange or credit note. You as the buyer are responsible for postage/carriage charges of returned items.
If help is required with sizing please contact us with measurements and we can assist further, via live support section (link), email: webmaster@homefieldandstream.com or 0044 (0)2866 340 7588.5In cases where the customer does not sign for the goods on delivery or for whatever reason, they are not accepted by the customer and returned, we will offer either to re-send the package at an additional cost, or to refund the original payment minus the postage and packaging and other costs involved.8.6Items returned for refund will be refunded less any postage costs including items with free delivery and are subject to a 10% handling charge. Items returned under warranty buyer to pay for all post costs. The placement of an order indicates your acceptance of these terms and conditions. Please read them carefully and print a copy for future reference. Terms and conditions do not affect your statutory rights.
9. Cancellations
9.1Cancellations are only accepted if the Customer complies with the following cancellation procedure and before the order has been dispatched. If the order has been dispatched prior to the cancellation, the return procedure as defined in clause 8 (8.2 and 8.4) above will apply. If the procedure is not respected, the order will be considered valid and the Customer will remain liable for the full payment. 9.2Cancellations can be made via the Home, Field & Stream cancellations email address contact@hfs-online.com. (Clause 8.2 & 8.4)
Please note that most orders are processed within 12 hours and shipped within 24 hours.
10. Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how Home, Field & Stream uses and protects any information that you give Home, Field & Stream when you use this website.
Home Field & Stream is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Home Field & Stream may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 21/04/2012. What we collect:We may collect the following information:
- name and relevant delivery address
- contact information including email address
- demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
- other information relevant to customer offers
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
- Internal record keeping.
- We may use the information to improve our products and services.
- We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
- From time to time, we may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customize the website according to your interests.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computers hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites which are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
- if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at contact@hfs-online.com.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please email us at contact@hfs-online.com.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please email us as soon as possible at contact@hfs-online.com. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect
11. Licence Agreement
The Customer shall respect all license agreements delivered by the copyright owners. homefieldandstream.com cannot be held responsible or liable for any misuses conducted by the Customer or any third party. All trademarks, graphics and pictures shown on www.homefieldandstream.com and www.hfs-online.com belong to their registered owners and must not be copied or reproduced without prior permission
12. Law
These terms and conditions are governed and shall be interpreted in accordance with English Law. Any person attempting to make fraudulent credit card transactions will be prosecuted with no exception.
12.1
Consumer Rights Act 2015:
In order to aquire knifes online you have to be over the age of 18. By agreeing to these terms and condition you are stating that you are of the correct age to purcase the product in question.
12.2
Offensive Weapons Act 1996:
In order to aquire knifes online you have to be over the age of 18. By agreeing to these terms and condition you are stating that you are of the correct age to purcase the product in question.
13. Business Address
Home, Field & Stream
18-20 Church Street
Enniskillen
Co.Fermanagh
Northern Ireland
BT74 7EJ
Tel: 0044 (0)2866 340 758
Email: contact@hfs-online.com
14. Payment
For security we provide a monitored online method of payment. This is by credit card (Mastercard,Visa, Delta Switch Maestro and American Express). We do not record or store any credit card numbers, all transactions are dealt with by Sage Pay - a secure online payment company using encrypted information on a secure server. We also accept secure payments via PayPal.
5. V.A.T
Value Added Tax (VAT) is a sales tax. In the UK it is charged currently at a rate of 20% We charge VAT on our goods delivered by us.
To Top