https://hivemodern.com/hive-modern-store-policy.html
who we are faq policies privacy order status swatch request trade program sales assistance contact
store policies terms and conditions
Please read our privacy policy for the details of how we treat the
information we collect from you and what steps we take for your protection.
your account
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and
password and for restricting access to your computer, and you agree to
accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or
password. If you are under 18, you may use hivemodern.com only with
involvement of a parent or guardian. Hivemodern.com reserves the right to
refuse service, terminate accounts, remove or edit content, or cancel orders
at their sole discretion.
order status
You may login using your email address and chosen password to view order history, print receipts, pick up
tracking information and details regarding your order.
sales tax
Hivemodern.com is located in sales-tax-free Oregon and only collects sales tax to destinations when mandated.
Please check your shopping cart or call us toll free to inquire.
shipping
Shipping is free whenever possible at hivemodern.com.
hivemodern.com will
attempt to ship all merchandise within two business days of purchase unless
otherwise specified,
Delivery estimates are good faith estimates only.
Hivemodern.com will not be liable for any loss, damage, cost or expense
related to any delay in shipment or delivery. We cannot ship to post office
boxes.
returns
Merchandise purchased from hivemodern.com may be returned for store credit
or exchange only within 14 days of delivery if accompanied by original
receipt and in original condition and in original packaging.
Returns must be
pre-authorized by calling 503 242 1967.
returns received and not
pre-authorized will be subject to 20% restocking fee.
Non-stock items,
special orders, lighting and polycarbonate items are not returnable.
Refunds are not issued except in the case of defective merchandise we are
unable to replace. Returns should be properly packed and sent at the
customer's expense, to: hive 820 nw glisan street portland, or 97209. Actual
cost of shipping item to you will not be credited or refunded.
Store credit
is valid for one year from date of issue. Thereafter, unused credit is
forfeited.
Claims for defective or damaged items must be filed within 14
days of delivery...
Please inspect your items immediately upon delivery...
Claims received after 14 days of delivery will not and cannot be processed.
order cancellation
Orders cancelled after 24 hours may be subject to a minimum 25% or maximum
50% cancellation and restocking fee in addition to any shipping charges
incurred.
changes to terms and conditions and to site
Hive reserves the right to modify or change the terms of use of this site
with or without notification.
user warranties
In placing an order, you warrant that you are over 18 years of age, and that
you are providing accurate, true, and complete information, and that you
have the authority to place the order.
disclaimer of warranties
You expressly understand and agree that your use of this site is at your
sole risk and that this site is provided on an "as is" and "as available"
basis. Hivemodern.com makes no representations or warranties of any kind,
express or implied, as to the operation of this site or the information,
content, materials or products included on this site.
indemnification
You agree to indemnify and hold harmless hive and hivemodern.com and its
officers, directors, employees and suppliers, from any claim, demand, action
or damage, including reasonable attorneys' fees, made or incurred by any
third party arising out of or related to your use of this site.
termination
We reserve the right to terminate your account and restrict your use of this
site if we have reason to believe you have violated any of these terms and
conditions, including providing us with false information.
hive
820 nw glisan street
portland or 97209
tele: 503.242.1967
fax: 503.242.5573
toll-free: 1.866.663.4483
Sign up for the hive newsletter and receive a promotion code for 10% off your next order.
submit
Offer valid for one-time redemption for purchases on hivemodern.com.
Promotions do not include tax, shipping, or sale items. Some products are excluded. Please refer to the shopping cart.