https://hivemodern.com/hive-modern-privacy-policy.html
who we are faq policies privacy order status swatch request trade program sales assistance contact
privacy
Protecting your privacy is important to hive. We strive to keep your personal information confidential. By ensuring that you are aware of and understand the hive Privacy Policy, we can provide you with better service. Please take a moment to read the following policy to learn how we handle your personal information.
why we collect personal information
Hive collects and uses your personal information to give you superior customer service, to provide you with convenient access to our products and services, and to make a wider range available to you. In addition, at your option, your personal information can be used to keep you up to date on the latest product announcements, special offers, and other information we think you'd like to hear about.
how we collect personal information
We collect information about you in a few ways. For example, we might ask for your contact information when you correspond with us, call us to make a purchase or register on-line for an instant purchase.
To save you time and make our web services even easier to use, some areas of the hive website allow you to create a "hive ID" using your personal information. Here's how it works: Simply fill out a brief profile-your name, phone number, and email address-then choose a password for security. The system saves your information and assigns you a personal ID based on your e-mail address. Next time you order something from hivemodern.com you can simply enter your email address and password-the system will automatically look up the information it needs.
Hive works with other companies that help us provide products and services to you, and we may provide your personal information to these companies. For example, we give shipping companies this information so they can deliver your products efficiently. The information they receive is for shipping and delivery purposes only, and we require that the companies safeguard your personal information in accordance with hive's policies.
how we protect your personal information
Hive safeguards the security of the data you send us with physical, electronic, and managerial procedures. We urge you to take every precaution to protect your personal data when you are on the Internet. Change your passwords often, use a combination of letters and numbers, and make sure you use a secure browser.
Hivemodern.com uses industry-standard Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption on all web pages where personal information is required. To make purchases from hivemodern.com you must use an SSL-enabled browser. This protects the confidentiality of your personal and credit card information while it is transmitted over the Internet.
access to your personal information
You always have access to the information we have about you. To review and update your personal contact information, simply log in at www.hivemodern.com
collecting other personal information
When you browse hivemodern.com, you are able to do so anonymously. Generally, we don't collect personal information when you browse - not even your email address. Your browser, however, does automatically tell us the type of computer and operating system you are using.
Like many websites, the hive website uses "cookie" technology. When you first connect to our site, the cookie identifies your browser with a unique, random number. The cookies we use do not reveal any personal information about you. Cookies help us understand which parts of hivemodern.com are the most popular, where our visitors are going, and how long they spend there. We use cookies to study traffic patterns on our site so we can make the site even better.
Hive does not knowingly solicit personal information from children or send them requests for personal information.
The hive Customer Privacy Policy is subject to change at any time. We encourage you to review the privacy policy regularly for any changes.
hive
820 nw glisan street
portland or 97209
tele: 503.242.1967
fax: 503.242.5573
toll-free: 1.866.663.4483
Sign up for the hive newsletter and receive a promotion code for 10% off your next order.
submit
Offer valid for one-time redemption for purchases on hivemodern.com.
Promotions do not include tax, shipping, or sale items. Some products are excluded. Please refer to the shopping cart.