http://hogarthlighting.com/terms/privacy
Hogarth
lighting
Hogarth
lighting
Our Picture Lights
Our Picture Lights
The Petworth Picture Light
Classic Picture Lights
Contemporary Picture Lights
Pencil Picture Lights
Unique Lighting
Bookcase, Lectern and Sign Lights
Custom Lights
Yacht Lights - picture lights at sea
Hanging Rail System
Miniature Paintings
Retrofitting
Lighting Portraits
Trade/Interior Designers
Trade Page
Technical
Picture Light
Cut Sheets
F.A.Q.
Transformers, Drivers, Dimming
Lighting Guide - do's and dont's
Power Options
Rechargeable Battery
Invisible Wire
Thin Wire
Illumination Options
Tonal Control
Color Temperature Control
Blog
See all the latest news from Hogarth
Go to the blog
Our Customers
See all of our customers and projects to date
Customer list and projects undertaken
Contact
Phone
Please email us to discuss your requirements.
Email
Email Us
About
About Us
Privacy Policy
Hogarth Lighting do not disclose buyers information to third parties other than when order details are processed as part of the order fulfilment. In this case, the third party will not disclose any of the details to any other third party. Cookies are used on this shopping site to keep track of the contents of your shopping cart, to store delivery addresses if the address book is used and to store your details if you select the 'Remember Me' Option. They are also used after you have logged on as part of that process. You can turn off cookies within your browser by going to 'Tools | Internet Options | Privacy' (in Internet Explorer) and selecting to block cookies. If you turn off cookies, you will be unable to place orders or benefit from the other features that use cookies. Data collected by this site is used to:
a. Take and fulfil customer orders.
b. Administer and enhance the site and service.
c. Only disclose information to third-parties for goods delivery purposes.
Hogarth
Lighting
Contact
Email
Join the Conversation
facebook
twitter
googleplus
Press
Copyright
Terms and Conditions
Privacy
Cookies
Museum Certified All variations of our light are certified as meeting the stringent CIBSE (museum lighting guide) with zero heat and UV output onto the canvas. UK Patent No 0001477.9. US Patent No 09/764818