https://hogantentstakes.com/privacy-statement/
skip to Main Content
1-800-214-6426
info@hoganco.com Login / My Account
This privacy statement covers the site for Hogan Company, Inc.
Because this web site wants to demonstrate its commitment to our users’ privacy, it has agreed to disclose its information practices.
We do collect personally identifiable information through the web in the form of registration for account information. We collect this information using secure encryption technology. We do not provide any personally identifiable information attained through the web to any third parties.
If you find any inaccuracies of information on this web site, please call (909) 421-0245
If you, the user, have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should first contact Hogan Company, Inc.
E-mail: info@hogantentstakes.com
Phone: (909) 421-0245
Mail:
Hogan Tent Stakes
2741 South Lilac Avenue
Bloomington, CA 92316.
Information Collection and Use
Information Collection
Hogan Company is the sole owner of the information collected on our site. Information Use The contents of , such as text, graphics, images, and other material contained on the site (“Content”) are for informational purposes only.
Profile
We store information that we collect through log files to create a profile of our users. A profile is stored information that we keep those details their viewing preferences. Consequently, collected information is tied to the users to improve the content of the site. This information is not personally identifiable.
Account Information
If you buy from us, we store account information. This includes login / user information, name, address, phone number and email.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user’s computer tied to information about the user. We use cookies on this site for your convenience for login purposes.
Third Party Advertising
We do not use Third Party Advertising on our site. We do provide links to affiliated organizations or to provide information you might find useful. These links open in a new browser window.
Log Files
Like most standard Web site servers we use log files.  This includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses, etc. are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Clear Gifs (Web Beacons/Web Bugs)
We do not use a software technology called clear gifs (a.k.a. Web Beacons/Web Bugs.) Clear gifs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to track the online movements of Web users. The main difference between the two is that clear gifs are invisible on the page and are much smaller, about the size of the period at the end of this sentence.
Sharing Legal Disclaimer
Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on our Web site.
Links
This Web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we, Hogan Company, Inc., are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
Surveys
From time-to-time our site may request information from users via surveys.  Participation in these surveys is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose this information.  Anonymous Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site. Users’ personally identifiable information is not collected. Though we may use an intermediary to conduct these surveys, they may not use users’ personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, and other places we deem appropriate so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.  We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
Contact Information
If users have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us at:
Phone (909) 421-0245
E-mail: info@hogantentstakes.com
Postal Address:
Hogan Tent Stakes
2741 South Lilac Avenue
Bloomington, CA 92316
Web site info@hogantentstakes.com
Get Special Offers / Updates. Subscribe to our mailing list
Your Cart
To order please call 800-214-6426. Or click on the Request Quote Button, and we'll get you a custom quote right away!
REQUEST QUOTE
© Copyright 2017 Hogan Company, Inc. - All Rights Reserved | Privacy Statement | 800.21.HOGAN, 800.214.6426 2741 S. Lilac Avenue, Bloomington, CA 92316
Close search
Cart
Back To Top