http://hogarthlighting.com/terms/cookies
Hogarth
lighting
Hogarth
lighting
Our Picture Lights
Our Picture Lights
The Petworth Picture Light
Classic Picture Lights
Contemporary Picture Lights
Pencil Picture Lights
Unique Lighting
Bookcase, Lectern and Sign Lights
Custom Lights
Yacht Lights - picture lights at sea
Hanging Rail System
Miniature Paintings
Retrofitting
Lighting Portraits
Trade/Interior Designers
Trade Page
Technical
Picture Light
Cut Sheets
F.A.Q.
Transformers, Drivers, Dimming
Lighting Guide - do's and dont's
Power Options
Rechargeable Battery
Invisible Wire
Thin Wire
Illumination Options
Tonal Control
Color Temperature Control
Blog
See all the latest news from Hogarth
Go to the blog
Our Customers
See all of our customers and projects to date
Customer list and projects undertaken
Contact
Phone
Please email us to discuss your requirements.
Email
Email Us
About
About Us
Cookies
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (hereinafter referred to as "Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text fields placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to, and stored by, Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to utilize the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. The link to the "Google Analytics General Privacy Policy and Terms of Use" is set out below: Google Analytics Terms Google Privacy Center
Hogarth
Lighting
Contact
Email
Join the Conversation
facebook
twitter
googleplus
Press
Copyright
Terms and Conditions
Privacy
Cookies
Museum Certified All variations of our light are certified as meeting the stringent CIBSE (museum lighting guide) with zero heat and UV output onto the canvas. UK Patent No 0001477.9. US Patent No 09/764818