https://hollywoodbeautysecrets.com/cookie-policy
HollywoodBeautySecrets.com COOKIE POLICY
1. USE OF COOKIES
HollywoodBeautySecrets.com uses cookies. A cookie is a small file that is placed on your device by a server and helps provide our services and collect data.
2. DIFFERENT KINDS OF COOKIES
There are different kinds of cookies. Some cookies make it easier for you to navigate on a website or make it easier to remember things, for example usernames, passwords or (language) preferences. Other cookies register website usage to optimize your browsing experience.
HollywoodBeautySecrets.com uses cookies to provide usage and performance analytics, internet advertising and personalization on our website. This may include third-party cookies that collect this information anonymously.
3. DELETING AND CONTROLLING COOKIES
In case you do not want to accept third party cookies you can change this in your browser settings. See below for a guide on how to do this. You can also read on www.aboutcookies.org how you can control your cookies.
3.1 Disable third-party cookies in Internet Explorer
Go to Extra or Tools > settings > tab Privacy. Click in settings on advanced.
Check Override automatic cookie handling.
Check Block under Third Party Cookies and click OK.
3.2 Disable third-party cookies in Firefox
Go to Extra or Tools > settings > tab Privacy. Click in settings on advanced.
Check Override automatic cookie handling.
Check Block under Third-Party Cookies and click OK.
Go to Extra > Options. In the Privacy tab, choose from the list in History, select Use custom settings for history.
Select Privacy.
Under Accept third-party cookies click Never and click OK.
3.3 Disable third-party cookies in Chrome
Click on the Chrome-menu in the toolbar and click Settings.
Click Advanced settings.
Click on Settings for content.
Check Block indirect cookies and site data.
4. ACCESS, OBJECTION AND RIGHT TO OBJECT
You have the right to ask for a review of your data or to ask for deleting your data. You may request such by sending a letter or e-mail, including your name, address, phone number and a copy of a valid ID to louisa@HollywoodBeautySecrets.com. You also have to enclose a copy of the said cookie.
5. AMENDMENTS AND INTERPRETATIONS
HollywoodBeautySecrets.com reserves the right to amend this cookies policy, without prior notice. Such amendments will take effect as soon as they have been posted on the website.
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
S&H Policy
Skin Care Glossary
Cookie Policy
We Accept The Following:Safe & Secure ShoppingShipping & Handling PolicyS&H Policy
Follow Us!Contact Us
© 2018 Hollywood Beauty Secrets. All rights reserved.
Scroll to top
This website used cookies to enhance your browsing experience. We do not share your personal data.Got ItLearn More