https://holsteraddict.com/privacy-policy/
HomeContactAbout UsGun HolstersI may earn a small part of the sale from links to any products or services on this site. You do not pay anything extra and your purchase helps support my work in bringing you more awesome gun and gear articles. Learn more. If you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us here. At HolsterAddict.com, the privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance to us. This privacy policy document outlines the types of personal information is received and collected by HolsterAddict.com and how it is used. Log Files Like many other Web sites, HolsterAddict.com makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider ( ISP ), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable. Cookies and Web Beacons HolsterAddict.com does use cookies to store information about visitors preferences, record user-specific information on which pages the user access or visit, customize Web page content based on visitors browser type or other information that the visitor sends via their browser. Amazon Associates Program HolsterAddict.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com, Amazon.ca, Amazon.co.uk Children Under 13 The Websites are not designed for use by children under age 13. We do not knowingly collect any personal information from individuals under the age of 13, and therefore we do not knowingly distribute such information to third parties. If you learn that your child or a minor under the age of eighteen has provided us with his/her personal information, please contact us and we will disable that information. DoubleClick DART Cookie Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on HolsterAddict.com. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to users based on their visit to HolsterAddict.com and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following URL – http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html Some of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our site. Our advertising partners include: Google Adsense Commission Junction Clickbank Amazon Associates : The prices in this post (if mentioned) were current at the time of publication. To check the most current price of the Amazon.com’s product, simply click on the product links. There are links within this page on which we can earn a commission if you purchase something, but it doesn’t cost you any more money. This is how we keep our site free for you and other readers, so we greatly appreciate when you do purchase through our links! Click here to read our full affiliate disclaimer These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to the advertisements and links that appear on HolsterAddict.com send directly to your browsers. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies ( such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons ) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and / or to personalize the advertising content that you see. HolsterAddict.com has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers. You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. HolsterAddict.com’s privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites. If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers’ respective websites.RECENT POSTSCOPYRIGHT © 2019 · HOLSTERADDICT.COM · ALL RIGHTS RESERVEDAMAZON AFFILIATE DISCLOSUREHolsterAddict.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com. As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases.Amazon and the Amazon logo are trademarks of Amazon.com, Inc., or its affiliates. Additionally, HolsterAddict.com participates in various other affiliate programs, and we sometimes get a commission through purchases made through our links.We do not specifically market to children under 13.About Us | Contact Us | Privacy Policy | Affiliate Disclosure