http://homemedia4u.com/catalog/privacy.php?osCsid=de1nv1381h5rp7umdtu7nf7r80
Top » Catalog » Privacy Notice
My Account  |  Cart Contents  |  Checkout
Categories
Poster Resin Model Kit Vinyl Model Kit Prepainted Figures Cosplay Muay Thai Statue Cigarette Case & Lighters
Quick Find
Use keywords to find the product you are looking for.Advanced Search
What's New?
Nightmare Wolf Predator 1/6 Resin Model Kit76.99EUR
Information
shopinfo.xml Shipping Privacy Notice Conditions of Use Imprint Contact Us
Privacy Notice
All data on our InterNet sides are
not-binding and take place without guarantee.  For damage, which is not caused
by files, which are loaded and/or installed over our InterNet servers, takes
over we any adhesion. We examine all files before the Upload for viruses, cannot
however not guarantee that these are virus-free. If you should discover a virus,
take up please immediately contact with us, so that we can react as fast as
possible.
Privatsphaere - the protection of your
personal data
Their satisfaction stands with us in the
first place, therefore it is our most important request to protect your
privatsphaere.  We use the data for the execution of orders and/or of inquiries,
conveyed by you at us. Their data are not passed on to third for further use.
Cookies
"Cookies" are small information units, which are stored by the
Browser on your computer and on the non removable disk. They facilitate thereby
the use of InterNet offers.
In our on-line Shop system (www.homemediaû.com) we use Cookies.
The data in the warenkorb only thus remain. Also with a renewed attendance in
our Shop system our Cookie brings you the advantage that you are recognized by
system and you do not have to therefore indicate its basic informations (address,
paying data) to no more.
In principle our Shopsystem functions also without Cookies, but
then it can happen that after the change to other sides of our Web offer and
return in the Shop, your warenkorb is empty. Our Cookies does not store personal
data of you, therefore no danger assumes that. If their Browser Cookies does not
accept automatically, then you should change this attitude and release this at
least for our sides.
Shopping Cart
0 items
Languages
Currencies
US DollarEuroBritish PoundAustralian DollarCanadian Dollar
Bestsellers
01.Arnold Schwarzenegger Bodybuilding #2 Poster02.Arnold Schwarzenegger Bodybuilding #3 Poster03.3 x Muay Thai kick boxing Technique Training Posters (Set)04.Lineage Dark Elf C.Project WF2006 1/7 Resin Model Kit05.Terminator T-800 Skull w/ Led Eyes & Base 1/1 Vinyl Model Kit06.Sophie Pegaso Fantasy Worlds 1/9 Resin Model Kit07.Terminator T-800 Endoskeleton ARM Cyberdyne 1/1 Resin Model Kit08.Alien Face Hugger 1/1 (Male) Vinyl Model Kit09.Brazil : Ricardo Kaka Football Poster10.Renato Casaro 100 Years Of Film Art Print
Reviews
i need information if is possible to buy this model, but no
..
Friday 11 December, 2020
103443510 requests since Saturday 04 October, 2008
Copyright © 2020 homemedia4uPowered by osCommerce