https://homeandaway.gallery/privacy-policy-2/
Home & Away’s Privacy Policy, updated May 24, 2018
Who we are
We are Home & Away Gallery, specializing in Arctic and Native American Arts and Jewelry. We operate a shop in Kennebunkport, Maine, USA, and also sell on the Internet at https://homeandaway.gallery.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Contact forms
If you send us a note through the contact page on our website you will send us your email address. We will use this address to respond to your note. We will not send you any further emails unless you choose to sign up for our mailing list (https://www.robly.com/subscribe?a=e1c1d7c56d10935968b6f8d5e2415cf2), which is maintained by Robly, an external vendor. Robly’s privacy policy can be found by clicking or tapping here.
If you do not consent to the collection, use or sharing of this type of information in the manner described in the Privacy Policy, please do not provide us with such information. By providing such information, you are “opting in” to the collection, use and sharing of this information in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Cookies
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
We use Google Analytics to collect anonymous usage statistics from our website. The Google Analytics privacy policy can be read by clicking here.
If you do not want Google Analytics to track your usage on our website or on any other website, you may opt out by installing a browser add-on provided by Google. Click or tap here for more information.
Who we share your data with
Other than the service providers mentioned in this privacy policy, we do not share your data with any third party, unless required to do so by law.
How long we retain your data
For users that register on our website, we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site,  you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
When you place an order through our website, your information will be sent to the following third party services:
1 – If you enter a credit card number on our secure order form, we use a gateway to transfer payment data to a credit card processor.
The gateweay’s privacy policy can be found by clicking or tapping here.The credit card processing company’s privacy policy can be found by clicking or tapping here.
Your credit card information is never stored on our website or on any of our computers.
2 – If you pay via PayPal, you will be using your own PayPal account. Your personal information, including name, address, telephone number and email address will be stored in our PayPal account as well. PayPal’s privacy policy can be found by clicking or tapping here.
3 – Your data is sent to a shipping provider service so we can ship your items. The shipper’s privacy policy can be found here.
Your contact information
If you would like us to remove your contact information from our online as well as offline locations, please send an email to david at homeandaway dot gallery. We will promptly reply to your request.
Additional information
How we protect your data
Because our website receives your financial credentials when you place an order, we are required to comply with credit card processing requirements known as PCI. Trustwave validates our compliance: read about it by clicking or tapping here.
Our website only transfers financial data to the payment provider of your choice, as described above. Our website does not store any financial information.
What data breach procedures we have in place
Our Internet host uses extensive security measures to prevent unauthorized parties from gaining access to your information. Read about them by clicking or tapping here.
© 2020 Home & Away Gallery
Search for:
Search
Shop
New
Premium
Native American
– Baskets
– Beadwork
– Sculpture
– Zuni fetishes
– Two-dimensional
– Wood Carvings
– Other
Jewelry
– Bracelets
– Necklaces
– Rings
– Earrings
– Pins
– Vintage
– Other
Inuit
– Sculpture
– Prints
– Drawings
– Wallhangings
Alaska/NW Coast
– Jewelry
– Baskets
– Carvings
– Masks/Wood Carvings
– Sculpture
– Two Dimensional
Baskets of Time
My Account
Artist Bios
Native American artist bios
Alaskan Native Artists
Canadian Inuit artists
Contact
Call 207 423-8473 or Email us
Gallery Info
About Us
Sign up
Authentic Native American Jewelry and Art
Shipping and Returns Policies
Customer testimonials
Hours, Directions
Home & Away Collector Program
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Internet Security
Blog