http://home-evolution.com/privacy/
Privacy Policy
When you provide information at home-evolution.com (hereinafter referred to as the “site”), we respect your privacy. Any visit to the Site is subject to this Privacy Policy and our Terms and Conditions.
1. Compilation of Personally Identifiable Information
We only collect personally identifiable information when you provide it to us. For examples, you may complete an on-line survey that requires certain information such as your contact information (name, email address, mailing address, and telephone number), age group, gender and Home Evolution products you use. When an order is placed, we require your delivery and billing address, credit card number and expiration date. If you prefer that we not collect any personally identifiable information from you, do not provide us with any such information.
When you submit personally identifiable information on the site, you are giving your consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information as set forth in this Privacy Policy.
2. Disclosure of Personally Identifiable Information
Except as disclosed in this Privacy Policy, we will not provide your personally identifiable information to third parties without your consent.
Third Party Providers
We may retain other companies and individuals to perform tasks on our behalf, such as email service providers, web hosting companies, and fulfillment companies (i.e. companies that aid in product distribution). From time to time, it is necessary to provide such third parties with access to personally identifiable information to help them perform their tasks. We do not authorize them to use such information for any other purpose.
Interactive eEvents
If you choose to participate in any promotions, questionnaires or other interactive activities during your visit to the site, the rules or terms and conditions for those events may indicate that your personally identifiable information will be shared with third parties. You consent to disclosure your personally identifiable information to such third parties by participating and submitting your personally identifiable information with respect to such events.
Business Transfers
In the event of a sale of any or all of the assets of Home Evolution to a third party, user information, including personally identifiable information, is often one of the transferred business assets, and by choosing to submit your personal information on the site, you are agreeing that your data may be transferred to such parties in these circumstances.
Legal Compliance
Any information, including personally identifiable information, may be disclosed as we deem necessary and in our sole discretion, so that we can comply with applicable laws, regulations, legal procedures or governmental requests.
Fraud Protection
Any information, including personally identifiable information, may be disclosed to other companies and organizations referable to credit fraud protection and reduction of risk.
3. Optional Communications
If at any time during your visit to the site you choose submit personally identifiable information, the information you provide may be used by home-evolution.com to deliver to newsletters, surveys or other communications containing product information, cosmetics tips or promotions (hereinafter referred to as “optional communications”).
If you do not want to receive optional communications, do not choose to receive these communications. At any time after receiving optional communications, you can unsubscribe by clicking the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of any email communication you receive from us and following the instructions provided therein.
Please allow 1-2 days to process your request.
4. Cookies
Cookies are small pieces of information stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive. Cookies do not contain personally identifying information. We place a cookie on your computer’s hard drive to enable us to recognize you as a return user and to enhance your shopping experience at our site. Cookies allow you to navigate quickly, and to keep track of items when you shop on-line. Temporary or “session” cookies may also be used during your visit and expire when an order is placed. The cookie is stored on your computer’s hard drive until you remove it. Browsers can notify you of, or automatically reject, cookies, but if you reject our cookies your ability to use some of the site’s features may be compromised.
5. Log Files
Use of IP addresses may be use for, but is not limited to, the following: site administration, tracking site use and traffic patterns, collection of demographic information for aggregate use, as well as fraud protection. Except as otherwise disclosed in this Privacy Policy, IP addresses will not be used with your personally identifiable information without your prior consent.
6. Aggregate Information
Aggregate information is non-personally identifiable information of a statistical nature. Aggregate information may be collected, stored and used for internal business functions. They may also be shared with or transferred to affiliates and partners.
7. Links
The Site may contain links to or from other web sites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies of other web sites.
8. Children under 13
Home Evolution is committed to protecting the safety of children online. In compliance with the Children’s Privacy Protection Act of 1998, we will never knowingly request or use personal information from children under 13 years of age without prior parental consent. If we receive actual knowledge that a subscriber is under 13 years of age, all personal information relating to this subscriber will be erased from our files.
CONTACT US
If you have nay question about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with Home Evolution, please contact us at info@home-evolution.com
Win $500
Stay connected for savings, early sale invitations and frequent prize draws of $500!
Email*
CommentsThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
*By entering, you agree to join our mailing list. We will send you the latest news and promotions. You can unsubscribe at any time.
Don't show me this again