http://hongarfarms.com/privacy.php
Hongar Farms Products
Gourmet Oils
Vinegars
Gift Sets
BenissimoProducts
Gourmet Oils
Vinegars
Our Company
About Hongar Farms
Ingredients
Our Plant
Retail Locations
Contact Us
Recipes
Appetizers
Dinners
Marinades
Salads
Wholesale
Wholesale and Foodservice Customers
Shop Now
Find a Store
Hongar Farms Privacy Policy
Hongar Farms respects your privacy and promises not to share, rent, lease, or sell your personal information (e.g. your email address, your credit card information, your name, your address, etc.) to any third party for their independent use or benefit
Information We May Gather
Hongar Farms collects information (such as your name, shipping and billing address, credit card number, email address, etc.) from you that we need to:
Process your order
Provide you with customer support
Enable you to participate in newsletters, contests, email communication
Hongar Farms may set and access our own cookies on your computer to allow you to buy and interact at the site. We also use web beacons to gather anonymous, aggregated statistical information (e.g. unique hits, page views, etc.) about our website traffic.
Hongar Farms may share information collected by us with third parties to help process your order (e.g. shipping companies, credit card processors, etc.) or to provide statistical and demographic analysis to Hongar Farms to help us and our business partners provide you with better services and offerings.
Testimonial Letters & Email:
Hongar Farms will occasionally publish the text, or portions of the text, of letters, email and filmed or recorded testimonials we receive which are complimentary, and exemplify our commitment to our customers. By submitting any such testimonial, you grant Hongar Farms the right to publish the text and use it for marketing and promotional activities. Anonymity will be preserved for all people who submit testimonial letters for publishing. Only first names and city will be used to identify the sender.
How To Contact Us:
Future changes to this Privacy Policy may be made at any time by posting notice of the changes on the site, with the changes effective 30 days after Hongar Farms posting of the notice. To ask questions about this policy, write us at info@hongarfarms.com.
©2013 Hongar Farms Gourmet Foods
Privacy Policy | Contact Us