https://hubcapmike.com/privacy-policy/
14.98 FLAT RATE FedEx GROUND SHIPPING CONTIGUOUS US!
COVID 19 UPDATE: We care about health & safety. Due to this, we are OPEN to online & phone ordering for daily shipping to your doorstep. But our showroom is temporarily closed to the public.
Home
Privacy Policy
We respect your privacy! The email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order. Any and all information collected at this site will be kept strictly confidential and will not be sold, reused, rented, loaned, or otherwise disclosed. Any information that you supply to HubcapMike.com will be held with the utmost care, and will not be used in ways that you have not consented to. A more detailed explanation about how we safeguard your personal information is described below.
Information Disclosure or Resale to Third Parties
HubcapMike.com does not sell, loan, rent, lease, or trade any personal information collected at our site, including email lists.
Why buy from Hubcap Mike.com?See what our past customers had to say about shopping with us. Click Here
This website uses Google Analytics to help analyze how our visitors use this site. Google Analytics uses “cookies,” which are small text files placed on your computer, to collect standard internet log information and visitor behavior information in an anonymous form. Note the emphasis of anonymous, as no personally identifiable information is collected about you unless you explicitly submit that information on this website.
This anonymous information generated by Google Analytics cookies about your use of this website, is transmitted to Google…not us. This information is processed to compile statistical reports on website activity for this website only. We use these reports to evaluate aggregate visitor usage so that we can improve our website by optimizing the content and its marketing and to improve your experience on our website.
We are now utilizing demographic reports in Google Analytics. This means 3rd-party cookies are set, instead of the default Google Analytics 1st-party cookie. All information is still anonymous, but a 3rd-party means that your anonymous information is shared with other websites with which Google has an advertising relationship.
Information Disclosure or Resale to Third Parties
We do not link, or seek to link, any data gathered from this site with any personally identifiable information from any source, unless you explicitly submit that information. If you have made a purchase online and/or registered during checkout, your personal info is collected only to verify your credit card and your email address is used to send you a confirmation email when you make a purchase and later to update you with the status of your order including your shipping tracking number. Very occasionally we might email you to let you know about an important announcement regarding our website. If you wish for your email or other info to be removed from this site, simply Contact Us and we will do this at the earliest opportunity.
Further Information
For further information about how Google Analytics uses cookies and IP address data, see: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US. If you would like to opt out of Google Analytics, you can install the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on by following this link: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/ .
Click Here to see why our site is safe and secure.
×
OK