https://huntershoneyfarm.com/privacy-policy/
765-537-9430
My Account
Checkout
0 Items
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: July 12, 2004
Hunter’s Honey Farm (HHF) is committed to protecting your privacy. That is because we base our business on the trust you place in us. This policy describes our practices regarding personal and account information collected through our Web site. In this policy, “personal and account information” means your name, company name, account number, address, telephone number, and e-mail address plus any other information that personally identifies you, and purchase history, or would permit us to contact you, and “we” and “us” means HHF.
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy from time to time; the effective date noted above will indicate the date that this policy was last updated. You should visit our Web site periodically to review any changes.
How much information must I share?
The amount and type of information we collect from you depends on your activities and use of our Web site. Below, we explain what information we collect.
When you browse our Web site:
IP address – We collect your IP address to measure our Web site traffic and to help provide a relevant shopping experience.
Referral Web site. If you come to our Web site via a link, we collect the location of the link that referred you.
Browser type. We collect information about the browser you are using to help optimize our Web site for visitors.
Movements through our Web site. We keep track of pages you visit to help provide you with a more personalized shopping experience.
When you make purchases through our Web site:
We collect your name, address and payment information to process your order. However, you may provide credit card and purchase order numbers by telephone.
We collect information contained in “cookies,” such as your purchases and log in data, to personalize your shopping experience. Your browser must be set to accept cookies if you wish to add items to a shopping cart.
When you create an E-Account on our Web site:
We collect your user name, password, e-mail address, secret question, and answer to your secret question to protect your E-Account. We use your secret question and answer to identify you as the account user if you have forgotten your password. You can help us ensure your privacy by not sharing your user name or password.
When you subscribe to our e-mail newsletter through our Web site:
You must create an E-Account to subscribe to our e-mail newsletter. We use your E-Account information in connection with your subscription. To manage your e-mail newsletter subscription, click here.
When you request a tour through our Web site:
We collect your name, address and telephone number, and other information regarding your group.
When you communicate with us through our Web site:
We collect your e-mail address and the other information that you provide in order to respond to your communication.
When you enter contests, participate in surveys, or register for other activities on our Web site:
We collect your name, e-mail address and telephone number, and the other information that is required for entry or participation, which varies depending on the activity.
Is my personal or account information used for any other purpose?
We may use your personal and account information to provide products or services you have requested, respond to a communication from you, contact you, and as otherwise described in this policy.
We may occasionally send you promotional or product information. If you do not wish to receive promotional or product information, you may opt out of future communications by following the instructions in the e-mail communication or contacting us directly.
We may also analyze and act upon your personal and account information as part of our standard business practices.
If you become our customer, we may send you updates on important information about our company and services.
Will my personal and account information be provided to any other party?
We restrict access to your personal and account information to those who need access to use it as set forth in this policy. Only authorized personnel are permitted to see your E-Account password. Your other personal and account information may be not be disclosed to third parties. We may disclose your personal and account information to respond to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal process, as required by law, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims.
How do you protect my personal and account information?
We use 128-bit encryption technology and Secure Socket Layers (“SSL”) in all areas where your personal and account information is required. Our Web site is certified by Thawte, Inc., which verifies that our Web site is authentic and that we use SSL security. To view our Thawte certificate, click on the image of the closed lock or the solid key at the bottom of your browser window. Our Web site security information will appear.
In addition, your personal and account information and transaction history are kept behind our firewall on separate servers. All transaction information is processed under encrypted channels, although you may choose unencrypted processing.
How can I give you feedback or contact you?
Simply click here. Please note that messages become our property and, unless you direct otherwise, may be used by us for promotional or testimonial purposes unless you request otherwise.
How can I correct inaccurate information?
You may correct some personal and account information maintained in your E-Account through your E-Account. To correct any other information, please call 765-537-9430.
Pin It on Pinterest
Share This
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Google+