http://hydreon.com/privacy-policy/
Menu
Skip to content
Websites
Lifeboat Network
FakeTV – Burglar Deterrent
Rain Sensors
Expertise
Software Development
Microprocessors & Computers
Electronics
Optics
Careers
Investors
About Us
Privacy Policy
Updated October 10, 2018
Section 1 Introduction
Section 2 Use of Information
Section 3 Consent
Section 4 Disclosure
Section 5 Third Party Services
Section 6 Security
Section 7 Links
Section 8 Age of Consent
Section 9 Changes to this Privacy Policy
Welcome to our official Privacy Policy! If you have additional questions or seek clarification on anything relating to Hydreon Corporation, please contact us at privacy@hydreon.com. Please see the Lifeboat Network privacy policy for information relating to the Lifeboat Network
SECTION 1 – INTRODUCTION
Thank you for choosing Hydreon Corporation. The purpose of this privacy policy is to explain the type of information we collect or receive and how we use it. When you access our website or make a purchase, you agree to our use of your data as laid out in this privacy policy.
SECTION 2 – USE OF INFORMATION
When you purchase a product from our website, or purchase part of the buying and selling process, e.g. shipping for a free item, we collect the personal information you give us such as your name, physical address, credit card information, and email address. We use this information to bill the credit card, ship the item to the address given, and keep you updated on the status of the order.
When you browse our website, we automatically receive your computer’s internet protocol (IP) address to help us learn about your browser and operating system. This allows us to give you the best browsing experience.
Only with your permission may we send you emails about our website, new products, and other updates. We will never send you unsolicited updates unless it pertains to a security issue that may affect your personal information.
SECTION 3 – CONSENT
When you provide us with personal information to create an account, complete a transaction, verify your credit card, place an order, arrange for a delivery or return a purchase, we imply that you consent to our collecting it and using it for that specific purpose only.
If we ask for your personal information for a secondary reason, like marketing, we will either ask you directly for your expressed consent, or provide you with an opportunity to say no.
If, after you opt-in, you may withdraw your consent for us to contact you, for the continued collection, use or disclosure of your information, at any time, by contacting us at privacy@lbsg.net or mailing us at: Hydreon Corporation 6440 Flying Cloud Dr Suite 100, Eden Prairie, MN, 55344, United States.
SECTION 4 – DISCLOSURE
We may disclose your personal information if we are required by law to do so. Otherwise, we do not disclose your information to another party deemed unnecessary to provide the service in which you initially provided us the information.
SECTION 5 – THIRD-PARTY SERVICES
We use a third-party shopping cart system and credit card processor for all transactions.
Third-party providers used by us will only collect, use, and disclose your information to the extent necessary that allows them to perform the services they provide to us.
However, certain third-party service providers, such as payment gateways and other payment transaction processors, have their own privacy policies in respect to the information we are required to provide to them for your purchase-related transactions. This is includes Ultracart (our shopping cart software for purchases) and Quickbooks Merchant Services (our credit card payment processor).
Once you leave our website or are redirected to a third-party website or application, you are no longer governed by this Privacy Policy, though the information we have retained from you is still subject to this policy.
COOKIES
By using this website and having cookies enabled in your browser settings, you are accepting our privacy policy and cookies. You may alternatively disable them in your browser settings, this may consequently impact your experience on our site.
SECTION 6 – SECURITY
To protect your personal information and account data, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed.
Should a data breach occur we will notify you via email if possible.
SECTION 7 – LINKS
When you click on links on our website, they may direct you away from our site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements.
SECTION 8 – CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
We do not direct our websites to children (usually considered to be under the age of 13, depending on the country where you reside). We also do not intentionally collect personal information from children through our websites. If you are the parent or guardian of a child and you believe that we have inadvertently received personal information about that child, please contact us via privacy@lbsg.net and we will delete the information from our records. None of the product we sell are geared towards children so there is a low chance they will visit our site. In any case, we keep the information family friendly.
SECTION 9 – CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We will periodically update this privacy policy to reflect changes in our practices or applicable laws, please review it frequently. The top of this page will indicate the last time the page was updated.
QUESTIONS AND CONTACT INFORMATION
If you would like to: access, correct, amend, or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information contact our Privacy Compliance Team at privacy@lbsg.net or by mail at Hydreon Corporation 6440 Flying Cloud Dr Suite 100, Eden Prairie, MN, 55344, United States. Please include your name, contact information, and the nature of your request so we may address it promptly.
Websites
Lifeboat Games
Rain Gauge
FakeTV
What We Do
Software Development
Optics
Electronics
Microprocessors
General Technology
Connect