https://hypnosisonline.com/privacy_policy.asp
Services
Products
Scripts
Information
Online Services
Web Sites
Customer Service
Privacy Policy
1. Privacy Statement.
TELEcomputers Services operates this
HypnosisOnline.com web site.
TELEcomputers Services regards the privacy and security of user information as a critical component of the service that we offer to our users.  The following information explains our information gathering and dissemination practices.
2. Registration.
You may be required to register in order to be granted access to certain services and/or products at this web site.
At the time of registration, you may be prompted by one of our online forms to provide certain personal information to us, including your name, company name, and email address ("Registration Data").
3. Registration Data.  We use Registration Data to send you information about our company and service and to keep you informed of enhancements and complementary products in which you might be interested.  We also use Registration Data to tailor our web site to your particular needs.  We use demographic and profile information to tailor your experience at our site, showing you the content that we think you might be interested in as well as displaying the content according to your preferences.  You may choose to stop receiving future communications from us.  Please see the Opt-Out and Discontinue Section below.  We share Registration Data only with the partner or affiliate who referred you to this web site.  Please note that the privacy practices of our partners and affiliates are not covered by this Privacy Policy, and we are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such partners or affiliates.
You should be careful to review any privacy policies of such partners or affiliates before registration at this web site.
4. Cookies.  Cookies are pieces of information that a web site transfers to your computer's hard disk for record-keeping purposes.  Cookies in and of themselves do not personally identify users, although they do identify a user's computer.  Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies.  If you'd prefer, you can set your browser to refuse cookies.
However, you may not be able to take full advantage of our web site if you do so.  We use cookies to credit your referral to a partner or affiliate who referred you to our web site.  We also use cookies to collect demographic and profile data for purposes of delivering content specific to your interests.  Advertisers that display ads on our site may also use cookies.
TELEcomputers Services does not have access to the information obtained from those cookies.
5. IP Addresses.  IP addresses are used by your computer every time you are connected to the Internet.  Your IP address is a number that is used by computers on the network to identify your computer.
IP addresses are automatically collected by our web server as part of demographic and profile data known as "traffic data" so that data (such as the Web pages you request) can be sent to you.
TELEcomputers Services will not use your IP address to attempt to identify your personal information.
6. Referers.  A Referer is the information passed along by a web browser that references the Web URL you linked from, and is automatically collected by our web server as "traffic data".  We use traffic data to credit your referral to a partner or affiliate who referred you to our web site.  This information may also be used by
TELEcomputers Services to identify broad demographic trends that may be used to provide information tailored to your interests.  You will not be personally identified from this information.
7. System Information.  System information we collect as part of "traffic data" includes time, the type of web browser being used, the operating system/platform, and CPU speed.  This information is sent automatically by your web browser when
you are connected to a web site.  This information is used by
TELEcomputers Services in identifying broad demographic trends and may be used to provide information appropriate for your computer system.  You will not be personally identified from this information.
8. Sharing of Information.
TELEcomputers Services feels strongly that your personally identifying data should only be seen by you, unless you authorize us to share it with others.  Except as provided in this
Privacy Policy, no data or information which personally identifies you will be shared with anyone.  Some of your information may be shared on an aggregate basis only, as a part of a larger set of statistics (for example, statistics that indicate the percentage of our members that are female), but that information will not be sufficient to permit the recipient to identify you.  Notwithstanding the forgoing,
TELEcomputers Services will only disclose personally identifiable data without your permission in the following limited circumstances: (i) if
TELEcomputers Services is required to do so by law, or (ii) if
TELEcomputers Services has the good faith belief that such action is necessary to conform to applicable laws or comply with legal process served on
TELEcomputers Services or to protect and defend the rights or property of TELEcomputers Services
or another subscriber or to enforce the Terms of Use.
9. Children Under Age of Thirteen.  Protecting the privacy of the
very young is especially important.  TELEcomputers Services web
sites are not designed to attract children under the age of 13 and
TELEcomputers Services does not knowingly collect personal information
from children on our web sites.  We do not collect any registration information form users who indicate they are under the age of thirteen (13).  If a user under the age of thirteen (13) attempts to register with
HypnosisOnline.com, TELEcomputers Services notifies the user that he or she is not eligible to become a member of
HypnosisOnline.com services and we do not collect or use any personal information from that child.
Ordering online products and services from HypnosisOnline.com is limited to
adults age 18 or over or as otherwise legally defined.
10. Security. Information collected by
TELEcomputers Services is stored in secure operating environments that are not available to the public.  All of our employees and contractors are dedicated to maintaining and upholding your privacy and security and are aware of our privacy and security policies.  Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed 100% secure.  As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information within our systems,
TELEcomputers Services cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk.
11. Other Web Sites and Links.  This web site contains links to other web sites, and our partners and affiliates may also have links on this web site and/or provide links to this web site.
Please note that the privacy practices of those other web sites and of our partners and affiliates are not covered by this Privacy Policy, and we are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites, partners, or affiliates.
You should be careful to review any privacy policies of such web sites, partners, or affiliates.
12. Opt-Out and Discontinue.  Subscribers may elect to op-out and to discontinue receiving future communications from us through making the appropriate changes to your personal subscriber account at this web site.  In addition, you may elect to avoid future communications from
HypnosisOnline.com by unsubscribing from our contact page form (located
here) or by
indicating your Username and E-mail address and requesting to opt-out and discontinue future communications.  Notwithstanding the forgoing, even if you have opted-out, under urgent circumstances, we reserve the right to send you information about the service or your account, but we will not send you unsolicited communications regarding any general information regarding this web site or commercial offers or advertisements if you have opted out or discontinued such communications.
13. Contact Us.  If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, the practices of
TELEcomputers Services or HypnosisOnline.com, or your dealings with our web site, please contact us at:
TELEcomputers Services, 887 South Long Beach Avenue, Freeport, NY,
11520-6304. Contact:
Telephone:
516-771-7100.  Facsimile:516-771-7100.
14. Modification of Privacy Policy By TELEcomputers Services.
TELEcomputers Services reserves the right to change or update this Privacy Policy
to reflect any changes.  This Privacy Policy supersedes and
replaces all previously posted Privacy Policies.  Our Privacy
Policy is regularly reviewed and revised to make sure we continue to
serve the best interests of our customers.
Last Update: April 5, 2004.
Kindly add our link button OR a hyperlink to your web
site or personal page to show your association with us. See Link to us
for details and instructions.  We will be happy to reciprocate and thank you for sharing.
If you would like to send us a
comment about our web site please feel free to submit it here.  You
can see what others have said at What People Say About Hypnosis
Online.  We appreciate your feedback.
Feel free to visit our HypnosisOnline
Forum a moderated and controlled environment for the
professional Hypnotherapist and those interested in
Hypnosis.
[/sponsor_ads.htm]
What the mind can
conceive... the body can achieve.
Home | Forum |
Links | Shop | Scripts |
Contact Us | Customer Service
FAQs  |
Legal
|  Zero Tolerance Spam
Policy  |  Privacy Policy
TeleComputers Services
516-771-7100
800-766-TELE
© 1999 -
HypnosisOnline.com
All rights reserved.   | Links
|  Powered by
TeleSites.net - Set your sites here!
What the mind can
conceive... the body can achieve.
Home | Forum |
Links | Shop | Scripts |
Contact Us | Customer Service
FAQs  |
Legal
|  Zero Tolerance Spam
Policy  |  Privacy Policy
TeleComputers Services
516-771-7100
800-766-TELE
© 1999 -
HypnosisOnline.com
All rights reserved.   | Links
|  Powered by
TeleSites.net - Set your sites here!