http://icelandicsheep.com/privacy-policy
Elkhorn Icelandic Sheep
Home
About
Sheep
Products
Resources
Quick Facts About Icelandic Sheep
Breed Characteristics
Meat & Pelt Quality
Flock Management
Reproduction
Fleece & Fiber Quality
Frequently Asked Questions
Articles
How-to Tattoo and Tag Your Lamb
Milking Icelandic Sheep
Marketing Your Icelandic Sheep & Their Products on the Internet
Icelandic Sheep — The Marketer’s Dream
Winter’s Work — Skirting Fleeces by the Fire
Color Genetics in Icelandic Sheep
The Mystery of the Grey-Mouflon
Grey Pet — Foundation Ewe
Saddleback — One of the Most Influential Ewes in North America
Stefania — The Queen of Icelandic Sheep
All About Icelandic Sheep Fleece
How-to Wash Your Fleece
An Old Breed with New Possibilities
Icelandic Sheep Serve Dual Purpose
Printed Articles
Books & Publications
Helpful Links
Videos
Tongue River Farm Archive
Home Raised Herd Sires
Iceland Herd Sires
Icelandic Sheep Semen
Icelandic Sheep Semen Importation
Three Years Needed for Import AI
Newsletters
Farm Photo Tour
Iceland Trip Photo Tour
Shearing Days Photo Tour
Gallery
Contact
Privacy Policy
Elkhorn Icelandic Sheep is committed to protecting the privacy and security of personal information entrusted to us on our website (www.icelandicsheep.com). This privacy policy explains our online privacy practices. By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Information That We Collect
When you visit our website, we may collect general user information that does not contain personally identifiable information. This information is collected on an aggregate basis as you browse the website.
Disclosure of Information to Outside Parties
Non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
How We Secure Your Information
We have implemented reasonable technical, physical and administrative safeguards to help protect your personal information against unauthorized access or loss.
Website Information
Like most other commercial websites, we use web server logs to collect information about how our website is used.
Information gathered by our web server logs may include the date and time of visits, the pages viewed, and the time spent at our website. This information is collected on an aggregate basis and is used to improve the usability of the website.
Third Party Links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Children's Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Children's Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website and the information and services we provide are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Contact Us with Any Questions
If you have any questions about this privacy statement or our use of your personal information, please contact us.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified on July 2, 2015.
© Copyright 2016 Elkhorn Icelandic Sheep
Terms of Use |
Privacy Policy |
Credits |
Site Map