http://imaginememedia.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy:
imaginememedia ("imaginememedia")
operates imaginememedia.com and may operate other websites. It
is imaginememedia policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect
while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, imaginememedia collects non-personally-identifying information of the
sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference,
referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. imaginememedia purpose in
collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand
how imaginememedia visitors use its website. From time to
time, imaginememedia may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by
publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
imaginememedia also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol
(IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on imaginememedia.com
blogs/sites. imaginememedia only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same
circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that
commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site
where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to imaginememedia websites choose to interact
with imaginememedia in ways that require imaginememedia to gather
personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that imaginememedia gathers
depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at imaginememedia.com to provide a
username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with imaginememedia are asked to
provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to
process those transactions. In each case, imaginememedia collects such information only insofar as
is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with
imaginememedia. imaginememedia does not disclose personally-identifying information
other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with
the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
imaginememedia may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its
websites. imaginememedia may display this information publicly or provide it to others.
However, imaginememedia does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as
described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
imaginememedia discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information
only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information
in order to process it on imaginememedia behalf or to provide services available
at imaginememedia websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some
of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by
using imaginememedia websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to
them. imaginememedia will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated
organizations, as described above, imaginememedia discloses potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or
when imaginememedia believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the
property or rights of imaginememedia, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered
user of an imaginememedia website and have supplied your email address, imaginememedia
may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to
date with what's going on with imaginememedia and our products. If you send us a request (for
example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us
clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. imaginememedia takes all
measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of
potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser
provides to the website each time the visitor returns. imaginememedia uses cookies to
help imaginememedia identify and track visitors, their usage of imaginememedia
website, and their website access preferences. imaginememedia visitors who do not wish to have
cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before
using imaginememedia websites, with the drawback that certain features
of imaginememedia websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If imaginememedia, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event
that imaginememedia goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the
assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that
any acquirer of imaginememedia may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this
policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies.
These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to
compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among
other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy
Policy covers the use of cookies by imaginememedia and does not cover the use of cookies by any
advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, imaginememedia may change
its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in imaginememedia sole
discretion. imaginememedia encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to
its Privacy Policy. If you have a imaginememedia.com account, you might also
receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in
this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Imagine Me Media We provide resources, information, tips and tricks, blog posts, and articles that detail the many complications that can come at various stages of your life in the topics of health, fitness, style, food, beverage, organization, budgeting, finance, relationships, family, cleaning, and more. Each of these topics come together to become the lifestyle you have created, and each of them may need some adjustments when that lifestyle is changing.
Latest NewsLeg extensions – Build your quads!May 2, 2020 - 6:40 amThe leg extension machine is typically necessary for strengthening the patellar ligament and the quadriceps on the leg. This method works on self-reinforcing the quad and also at the same time reinforces the main attachments for the joint of the knee. There is a popular misconception that leg extensions will typically hurt the knees. However, […]
The Benefits Of Using A Tarp(aulin)May 1, 2020 - 2:50 pmTarpaulins are used in many different ways, such as a tent covering booths at festivals, a lean-to or ground covering when camping. for covering firewood, for protecting delicate crops during heavy rainfall and numerous other uses. Camping uses are many – shelters, ground cover. storage, hammocks, carrying items and for ponchos. Landscaping uses include rock […]
Spread The Word With A Tee-shirtApril 9, 2020 - 10:35 amWords are everywhere. They are painted on the sides of buildings, looming on tall billboards, on bumper-stickers, they are even on short signs beside the stop signs. No matter where you go, you will be seeing words that are trying to influence you in some way. They work. We are influenced by signs or they […]
Fail Safe Color Trends for Your KitchenJanuary 12, 2020 - 6:16 pmThere are so many choices when it comes to decorating your kitchen. If you’re not a professional interior designer, like the pros from cabinet refinishing Calgary, the thought may be a little daunting to you. Do you go with a more traditional or a more modern feel? Should you use bright colors or take a […]
The AR Rifles – How do they differ from each other?September 25, 2019 - 4:38 pmAR rifles (as seen on https://adventurefootstep.com/ar-10-vs-ar-15/) are among the best sellers when it comes to guns in the rifle industry. A lot of people are impressed with these guns that have a great amount of long distance shooting options. There are also some guns that have great safety features. The AR – which stands for […]
ThinkAdvisorCould Bill Ackman's 'Birthright' Plan Make Every Retiree a Millionaire?Social Security Leadership Gets Thumbs-Down From StaffSIFMA Looks Ahead at Markets, Regulation for 2021Supreme Court Sides With States in Drug Benefits RulingState Street Ending No-Layoff Pledge in 2021Fitch: Ultralow Interest Rates Will Outlast PandemicIRS Q&A Helps Small Businesses Comply With Secure ActSEC to Vote on Long-Awaited Ad Rule Changes Next WeekUpdates to Custody, Ad Rules Nearing the Finish Line10 Event Ideas to Connect With Clients' Adult ChildrenWork, Life and Balance
Advertise with us
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok
Scroll to top