http://intelligentsiacoffee.com/pages/return-policy
Search coffee, etc…
Search for coffee, equipment, etc…
Search
Close Cart
Recommended Searches
Suggested Search
Return Policy
TEMPORARY NOTICE
In response to the COVID-19 pandemic and our efforts to keep our facilities as clean as possible, we are currently suspending all returns by mail until further notice.
We appreciate your understanding and patience so we can continue providing you with extraordinary coffee during this time.  Please reach out to our support team at customersupport@intelligentsiacoffee.com  if you have any further questions.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
At Intelligentsia, our goal is to provide you with the best service, the highest quality equipment, fun merchandise, and certainly not least extraordinary coffees.
Coffee - Coffee is perishable and is roasted to order, so we're unable to accept returns on coffee.  However, if there was an error with your order, if you were dissatisfied with your coffee, have questions about how to brew it, or concerns about the quality our expert Customer Experience team is here to help you. Please contact us at customersupport@intelligentsiacoffee.com within 30 days of your purchase.
Not Coffee - If you are dissatisfied with your order in any way, don’t hesitate to reach out to our Customer Experience team. We are just an email away customersupport@intelligentsiacoffee.com
Returns of purchases made at our Coffeebar Locations
At Intelligentsia, complete satisfaction with your purchase is a priority. If you have questions or concerns about any of our products you have purchased, please ask a member of our team for assistance. Proof of purchase is necessary for a full refund on hardware and brew equipment.
Privacy Statement
Please refer to our Privacy Policy for information about how Intelligentsia collects, uses and discloses personal information from users of the Site.
Product
Price
Quantity
Total
There’s nothing here…
It appears your shopping cart is empty, but it doesnt have to be.
Your shopping cart is currently empty
Subtotal
$0
Taxes and shipping calculated at checkout
Checkout
Continue Shopping
Discover Products
Create Account
Cancel
SHOP
Coffee
Espresso
Brew Equipment
Ceramics + Mugs
Apparel + Gifts
Kilogram Tea
SUBSCRIPTIONS
LEARN + DO
Brew Guides
Classes
Blog
LOCATIONS
GIFTS
Gift Guide
Gift Bundles
Corporate Gifts
Find your flavor profile
Close
We recommend using Microsoft Edge, Firefox, Google Chrome or Safari for a better experience.