http://intelligentsiacoffee.com/pages/terms-of-sale
Search coffee, etc…
Search for coffee, equipment, etc…
Search
Close Cart
Recommended Searches
Suggested Search
Terms of Sale
Welcome to the website (the “Site” or “IntelligentsiaCoffee.com”) of Intelligentsia Coffee, Inc. (“Intelligentsia”, “us” or “we”).  Intelligentsia provides its services and products to you subject to these Terms and Conditions of Sale (the “Terms and Conditions”), by which you agree to be bound.  In addition, when you use any Intelligentsia service, including placing an order for our products through the Site, you will be subject to the rules, guidelines, policies, terms, and conditions applicable to such service, including, but not limited to, Intelligentsia’s Privacy Policy and Terms of Use, and they are incorporated into this Agreement by this reference. Intelligentsia reserves the right to change this Site and these terms and conditions at any time, in Intelligentsia’s sole discretion.  These Terms and Conditions constitute the complete and exclusive agreement between you and Intelligentsia pertaining to the products identified in your order from the Site.
Electronic Communications
By clicking “I Agree” below, you (i) consent to the electronic communication and delivery of all documents related to these Terms and Conditions, (ii) agree that your act of clicking the “I Agree” button is a binding form of your electronic signature, which you agree binds you to the terms of these Terms and Conditions, (iii) represent that you have internet access and a valid e-mail address enabling you access this website and to receive communications and documents electronically, and (iv) represent that you have a printer or other device to print or save communications and documents, including without limitation these Terms and Conditions, and that you have printed or otherwise saved a copy of these Terms and Conditions for your records.This consent is effective until you withdraw it. You may withdraw your consent to electronic communication and delivery of documents, update your contact information, or request a paper copy of these Terms and Conditions at any time by logging into your account using your username and password and clicking on “Profile”. We will send you a confirming notice once we have processed your change request.
Your Account
When you purchase our products from the Site, you may create an account as part of the checkout process.  You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and restricting access to your password and account.  Additionally, you agree to accept responsibility for all purchases and activities that occur under your account.
Acceptance of Order
Your placement of an order on the Site does not necessarily assure that we will accept your order.  We reserve the right to refuse any order in our sole discretion.  In addition, before accepting your order, we may require additional information if you have not provided all of the information required by us to process your order.  Once a completed order is received, authorization of your form of payment is received and we have accepted your order, we will promptly place your order in line for shipment.
Pricing and Availability
All prices for products, including associated costs of shipping and tax, are shown in U.S. dollars. All prices are subject to change without notice, and you agree that taxes may be adjusted from the amount shown on the payment screens.  Several factors may cause this, such as variances between processor programs and changes in tax rates.  All items are subject to availability and we reserve the right to impose quantity limits on any order, to reject all or part of an order, and to discontinue products without notice, even if you have already placed your order.  If for some reason an item on your order is out of stock, we will issue a full refund for such item.
Forms of Payment
Intelligentsia currently accepts Visa, MasterCard, Discover, and American Express for all orders.  By submitting your order, you represent and warrant that you are authorized to use the designated credit card and authorize us to charge your order (including taxes, shipping and handling) to that card. If the card cannot be verified, is invalid or is otherwise not acceptable, your order may be suspended or cancelled automatically.
Credit Card Security
The safety of your personal information is extremely important to Intelligentsia. We use a wide array of electronic and physical security measures and devices to protect your personal data and credit card information from unauthorized access.Intelligentsiacoffee.com does not store any Credit Card numbers or other sensitive data on our servers. Any “stored cards” or orders and customers utilizing Intelligentsiacoffee.com’s online ordering or “@ Home” scheduled ordering service are securely billed through a PCI Compliant Credit Card gateway and processor.
Sales Tax
We do not collect sales or use taxes in all states. For states imposing sales or use taxes, your purchase is subject to use tax unless it is specifically exempt from taxation. Your purchase is not exempt merely because it is made over the Internet or by other remote means. Many states require purchasers to file a sales/use tax return at the end of the year reporting all of the taxable purchases that were not taxed and to pay tax on those purchases. Details of how to file these returns may be found at the websites of your respective taxing authorities.Intelligentsia is required by law to collect sales tax on orders shipped to Illinois, California, New York, Georgia and Washington. If you are shipping to any of these states, the appropriate charges will be added to your merchandise total and displayed on your final order confirmation.
Shipping Terms; Risk of Loss
We endeavor to ship all orders for in-stock items within three (3) business day(s).  Our standard business hours are 9AM – 5PM (Central Time Zone) Monday – Friday.  Standard shipping of products purchase on the Site is via independent carrier not affiliated with, or controlled by, Intelligentsia, and you should allow five (5) to eight (8) business days for standard delivery once an order has been shipped.  For an additional fee, we offer expedited shipping if that is your preferred shipping choice.  All shipping charges are your responsibility, unless waived by Intelligentsia.  Shipping charges will be included on your invoice and can be viewed prior to finalizing your order.  The shipping charge shown during the checkout process is subject to verification.  Shipping charges are subject to change without notice.  All orders are shipped FOB shipping point.  Title to products purchased on the Site, as well as the risk of loss for such products, passes to you when Intelligentsia delivers these items to the carrier for shipment, and we are not responsible for any shipping delays or problems once the product has been shipped.
Returns of Online Purchases
As always, we want you to be satisfied with your purchase from the Site so we have a 30 day return policy. If you are unsatisfied with any purchase you have made from the Site for any reason, please contact us via our Contact Us page or the information below for a replacement or refund of the purchase price within 30 days of shipment. Please Tell us your name, the order number, which items, how many you are returning, and the reason for the return. We will reply to the email with a Return Merchandise Account number and instructions on how to send the items back to us.Intelligentsia Coffee, Inc.1850 W. Fulton St.Chicago, IL 60612info@intelligentsiacoffee.com888-945-9786 from 9AM – 5PM (Central Time Zone) Monday – Friday
Returns at our Coffeebar Locations
At Intelligentsia, complete satisfaction with your purchase is a priority. If you have questions or concerns about any of our products you have purchased, please ask a member of our team for assistance. Proof of purchase is necessary for a full refund on hardware and brew equipment.
privacy statement
Please refer to our Privacy Policy for information about how Intelligentsia collects, uses and discloses personal information from users of the Site.
Limitation of Liability
INTELLIGENTSIA WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR LOST PROFITS, LOSS OF BUSINESS, OR OTHER CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, OR FOR ANY CLAIM BY ANY THIRD PARTY, EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED HEREIN.  TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, INTELLIGENTSIA'S LIABILITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT ACTUALLY PAID FOR THE PURCHASE OF PRODUCTS FROM THE SITE.  SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
Warranties
Intelligentsia products may be returned or exchanged in accordance with the policies described above.  THIS IS THE ONLY GUARANTEE OR WARRANTY YOU GET FROM INTELLIGENTSIA RELATING TO THE PRODUCTS YOU PURCHASE FROM THE SITE.  INTELLIGENTSIA MAKES NO OTHER, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL, REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES, AND CONDITIONS, WHETHER IN WRITING, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR ANY WARRANTY ARISING FROM COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE OF TRADE.  PRODUCTS ARE PROVIDED BY INTELLIGENTSIA "AS IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND.
Governing Law; Venue
These Terms and Conditions and your purchase of products from Intelligentsia through the Site shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Illinois, without resort to its conflict of law provisions to the contrary.  You agree that any action at law or in equity arising out of or relating to these Terms and Conditions or your purchase of products shall be filed only in the state and federal courts located in Cook County, Illinois, and you hereby irrevocably and unconditionally consent and submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts over any suit, action or proceeding arising out of these Terms and Conditions.
International Transactions
The following provisions apply to shipments to customers located outside of the United States.
The 1980 United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods shall not apply.
Except as otherwise specified, terms of delivery are Ex-Works (within the meaning of INCOTERMS 2010) and all customs fees, import duties, cargo insurance, taxes and other charges imposed on or relating to the purchase or sale of Intelligentsia’s products shall be paid by you in addition to the stated price.
Prices include Intelligentsia’s standard commercial export packaging which may vary depending on whether shipment is made by air, land or sea. You will bear any additional expenses required to satisfy your specifications. Packages will be marked in accordance with your instructions, if any. Intelligentsia shall furnish packing lists and such other information as may be necessary to enable your agent to prepare documents required for export shipment. You shall supply Intelligentsia with all necessary information and assistance for the most expeditious clearance of such shipment through customs.
All shipments hereunder are subject to compliance with the U.S. Export Administration Act, as amended, regulations thereunder and all other U.S. laws and regulations concerning exports. You agree to comply with all such laws and regulations concerning the use, disposition, re-export and sale of the products provided hereunder.
Contact Us
Please send any questions or comments regarding this Site or your order to:Intelligentsia Coffee, Inc.1850 W. Fulton St.Chicago, IL 60612info@intelligentsiacoffee.com888-945-9786 from 9AM – 5PM (Central Time Zone) Monday – Friday
Product
Price
Quantity
Total
There’s nothing here…
It appears your shopping cart is empty, but it doesnt have to be.
Your shopping cart is currently empty
Subtotal
$0
Taxes and shipping calculated at checkout
Checkout
Continue Shopping
Discover Products
Create Account
Cancel
SHOP
Coffee
Espresso
Brew Equipment
Ceramics + Mugs
Apparel + Gifts
Kilogram Tea
SUBSCRIPTIONS
LEARN + DO
Brew Guides
Classes
Blog
LOCATIONS
GIFTS
Gift Guide
Gift Bundles
Corporate Gifts
Find your flavor profile
Close
We recommend using Microsoft Edge, Firefox, Google Chrome or Safari for a better experience.