http://intelligentsiacoffee.com/pages/privacy-policy
Search coffee, etc…
Search for coffee, equipment, etc…
Search
Close Cart
Recommended Searches
Suggested Search
Privacy Policy
Intelligentsia Coffee, Inc. Privacy PolicyEffective Date: January 1, 2020
Thank you for accessing the intelligentsiacoffee.com Website (“Site”) operated by Intelligentsia Coffee Inc. (“Intelligentsia”). We respect your privacy and want to protect your personal information. To learn more, please read this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use and (under certain conditions) disclose your personal information. This Privacy Policy also explains the steps we have taken to secure your personal information. Finally, this Privacy Policy explains your options regarding the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information. By visiting the Site directly or through another website, or accessing the Site on any computer, mobile phone, tablet, or other device (collectively, “Device”), you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy and consent to the collection and use of information as discussed in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, do not access this Site.
This Privacy Policy applies to the Site, along with any other interactions with us, including in our stores, by email, telephone or otherwise. Please see below for details.
We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices on any web site not operated by Intelligentsia to which the Site links or that links to the Site.
We may modify this Privacy Policy at any time, and will post the current version on the Site. We encourage you to periodically review our Privacy Policy to stay informed about how we are using the information we collect.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
For the 12-month period prior to the date of this Privacy Policy, we explain here what categories of personal information we have collected, where we got it from, and with whom we have shared it:
Category of Personal Information Collected
Source of information
Purpose for Collection
Categories of recipients
Contact information: such as your name, billing address, shipping address, email address, telephone numbers, or other contact information
From you; the decision to provide this information is typically optional, however, if you choose not to provide the requested information, you may not be able to use some or all of the features of our Sites
To communicate with you, for product fulfillment and shipping, to send you catalogs, information, newsletters, promotional materials and other offerings from Intelligentsia or on behalf of our partners and Affiliates, to offer a sweepstakes, contest or other promotion, Intelligentsia card reloads, when you contact us, when you request customer service or support, to complete your registration on our Sites, to administer your account(s) with us, and to provide you with offers that may be of interest to you
Our affiliates, including Peet’s Coffee & Tea, Mighty Leaf Tea, and Stumptown Coffee (collectively, “Affiliates”); our trusted service providers
Purchase and order information: contact information, together with purchase details online and in store through e-receipts, delivery details, payment details, Intelligentsia card information, any communications we have received about your order or purchase
From you
To validate, confirm, verify, deliver, install, and track your order, including to arrange for shipping, handle returns and refunds, maintain a record of the purchases you make, to service products you purchased from us, to gather feedback on our stores, products and the Sites, and to provide you offers that may be of interest to you
Our Affiliates; service providers who process, fulfill and ship orders
Other delivery information: name and address of recipient for delivery, if different from customer’s
From you
To deliver to the person at the address which you have requested
Our Affiliates; service providers who process, fulfill and ship orders
Payment information: name, card issuer and card type, credit or debit card number, expiration date, CVV code and billing address
From you and your payment card issuer
To check that the right person is using the right card or account, meet the requirements of the card brands or account issuers, and to make sure we are paid for what you buy
Our Affiliates; service providers who process payments for us; our card processor stores all credit card information. They conduct the entire credit card transaction using industry standard 128 bit SSL encryption; we only store a record that the transaction took place
Rewards information: your rewards account number, birthday, gender, age, purchase history and information on rewards or other benefits
From you when you sign up for our rewards program and from our rewards service provider
To administer your rewards account and provide you with offers that may be of interest to you
Our Affiliates; service providers who administer our rewards program and our co-marketing partners
Information you provide about a third party: if you send someone else a communication from the Sites (such as sending a gift or virtual gift card), we may collect information such as that person's name, telephone number, email, and/or shipping address.
From you
To deliver to or communicate with the person at the address which you have requested
Our Affiliates; service providers and our co-marketing partners
Social Media: information about you, including Usage Data and personal information such as lists of your friends, "likes", comments you have shared, groups and location
From third parties, particularly social media platforms
To enhance your online shopping experience, including as a way to recognize you and welcome you to the Sites, to provide you with customized Sites content, targeted offers, promotions and advertising on the Sites, through other third party sites or apps, via email, text messages, or app push notifications that are offered by Intelligentsia or other marketing partners that might be of interest to you.
Our Affiliates; service providers and our co-marketing partners
Legal information: fraud checks or flags raised about your transactions, the payment card you want to use, payment card refusals, suspected crimes, complaints, claims and accidents
From you, the police, crime and fraud prevention agencies, payment card providers, the public, regulators, your and our professional advisors and representatives
To protect you, other customers and our business against criminal activities and risks, unauthorized use, and make sure we understand and can meet our legal obligations to you and others and can defend ourselves
Our Affiliates; service providers who help us with fraud protection and credit risk reduction, law enforcement and other governmental authorities in accordance with applicable law.
Preference information: your marketing preferences, your account settings including any default preferences, any preferences you have indicated, the types of services/offers that interest you, or the areas of our Sites that you visit
From you, from our Sites technology interaction with your browser/Devices and cookies and other similar technologies tracking the pages you visit, the marketing messages you open and the links you follow, including your interactions with social media
To enhance your online shopping experience, including as a way to recognize you and welcome you to the Sites, to provide you with customized Sites content, targeted offers, promotions and advertising on the Sites, through other third party sites or app, via email, text messages, or push notifications that are offered by Intelligentsia or other marketing partners that might be of interest to you
Our Affiliates; third party vendors and other service providers that perform website analytic services for us
Communications: communications we have with you. Please note that we record calls to our customer service team
From you
To handle your requests, to contact you when necessary or requested, including responding to your questions and comments and providing customer support, and to obtain customer feedback and improve our customer service and customer shopping experience
Our Affiliates; service providers who assist us with customer service
In-store privacy: CCTV images of you in and around entrances and exits to our stores and offices, and your customer journey around our store
From you, our CCTV
To keep you, other customers, our staff, buildings, systems and data safe and secure, to investigate potential theft, fraud or misconduct
Our Affiliates; service providers who help us with fraud protection, law enforcement and other governmental authorities in accordance with applicable law.
Device information: IP address, internet provider, operating system and browser used, type of device, such as laptop or smart phone, device cookie settings and other device details, such as MAC address and geolocation, if you use our Sites and permit it to obtain your precise geolocation
From you and from our Sites technology’s interaction with your browser or Devices
To make sure our Sites, including app technology, works properly with your Device and make sure you can see and use our intended website and apps on the Device you are using, and for analytical and demographic purposes and to provide offers that may be of interest to youWe also will use this information to protect the security or integrity of the Sites and our business, such as by protecting against and preventing fraud, unauthorized transactions, and managing risk exposure, including by identifying potential hackers and other unauthorized users.
Our Affiliates; service providers who help us with fraud protection, and third party vendors and other service providers that perform website analytic services for us
Usage Data: when you use the Sites, some data is automatically transferred from your browser to our server, including your browser type, operating system type or mobile device model, viewed webpages, links that are clicked, IP address, mobile device identifier or other unique identifier, sites or apps visited before coming to our Sites, the amount of time you spend viewing or using the Sites, the number of times you return, or other click-stream or site usage data, emails we send that you open, forward, or click through to our Sites
From you and from Sites technology’s interaction with your browser or devices, for more information see “Cookies and Other Technology,” below
We will use this information in an aggregated non-specific format for analytical and demographic purposes.We also will use this information to protect the security or integrity of the Sites and our business, such as by protecting against and preventing fraud, unauthorized transactions, and managing risk exposure, including by identifying potential hackers and other unauthorized users
Our Affiliates; third party vendors and other service providers that perform website analytic services for us
Accident information: details about any accident or injury on our premises, or health incident
From you, witnesses or observed about you
To get you the help you need, deal with the emergency services, insurance and claims
Law enforcement and other governmental authorities in accordance with applicable law, and our professional advisors.
Suspected crime information: details of your identity, image, name and address, suspected or alleged thefts, fraud, assault or other criminal behavior
From crime and fraud prevention agencies, from you, witnesses, and from the police
To protect customers, the public and our business against risks and crime
Law enforcement and other governmental authorities in accordance with applicable law, and our professional advisors.
In some jurisdictions, individuals may have the right to opt-in or withdraw consent for certain uses. If you reside in such jurisdictions, you may have additional rights which are detailed below, “Access, Correction and Deletion.”
We may disclose such information in response to requests from law enforcement officials conducting investigations; subpoenas; a court order; or if we are otherwise required to disclose such information by law. We also will release personal information where disclosure is necessary to protect our legal rights, to enforce our Terms of Service or other agreements, and to operate the Site or to protect ourselves or others. For example, we may share information to reduce the risk of fraud or if someone uses or attempts to use the Site for illegal reasons or to commit fraud.
We will not sell (or trade or rent) personally identifiable information to other companies as part of our regular course of business. However, it's possible that we might acquire or merge with or be acquired by another company or that we might dispose of some or all of our assets. If that happens, your personal information may be disclosed to another company, but that disclosure will be subject to the Privacy Policy then in effect.
In addition, we may use and share aggregated information that does not uniquely identify you when it enables us to improve and enrich our services and the Site's content. We maintain full rights to any information collected on this website, and may freely collect, use and disclose such information unless prohibited by this Privacy Policy or applicable law.
Please note that if you voluntarily submit any personal information for posting on the Site, such as a review or a blog post, the information becomes publicly available and can be collected and used by others, so you should use care before posting information about yourself online.
Cookies and Other Technology.
Like many sites, the Site employs cookies and web beacons (also known as clear GIF technology or “action tags”) to speed your navigation of the Site, recognize you and your access privileges, and track your Site usage.
(i) Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored as text files by your Internet browser on your computer's hard drive. Most Internet browsers are initially set to accept cookies. You can set your browser to refuse cookies from web sites or to remove cookies from your hard drive, but if you do, you will not be able to access or use portions of the Site. We have to use cookies to enable you to select products, place them in an online shopping cart, and to purchase those products. If you do this, we keep a record of your browsing activity and purchase. THE SITE'S COOKIES DO NOT AND CANNOT INFILTRATE A USER'S HARD DRIVE TO GATHER A USER'S CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION. Our cookies are not “spyware.”
(ii) Web beacons assist in delivering cookies and help us determine whether a web page on the Site has been viewed and, if so, how many times. For example, any electronic image on the Site, such as an ad banner, can function as a web beacon.
(iii) We may use third-party advertising companies to help tailor site content to users or to serve ads on our behalf. These companies may employ cookies and web beacons to measure advertising effectiveness (such as which web pages are visited or what products are purchased and in what amount). Any information that these third parties collect via cookies and web beacons is not linked to any personal information collected by us.
(iv) As an example, Facebook collects certain information via cookies and web beacons to determine which web pages are visited or what products are purchased. Please note that any information collected by Facebook via cookies and web beacons is not linked to any customer's personal information collected by us.
We may combine the information we collect through cookies and web beacons with other information we have collected from you or information from other sources. We may combine the information we collect from you with information we receive about you from other sources, such as address update services.
Interest-Based Advertising
We may use third-party advertising companies that use tracking technologies to serve our advertisements across the Internet. These companies may collect information about your visits to the Site and other websites and your interaction with our advertising and other communications. These advertising companies serve ads on behalf of us and others on non-affiliated sites, and some of those ads may be personalized, meaning that they are intended to be relevant to you based on information collected about your visits to this Site and elsewhere over time. Other companies may also use such technology to advertise on our Site.
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices concerning interest-based ads, visit:http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/www.aboutads.info/choicesIn Canada, please visit: http://youradchoices.ca/choices/In the EU, please visit: http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
Access, Correction & Deletion
We respect your right to access and correct your personal information. You may also request that we update your personal information or correct any factual errors that you believe may exist regarding this information. You may also exercise your rights, subject to applicable laws, to request that we delete or restrict access to your personal data. We may need to retain it for legally permitted purposes and this will be explained to you if necessary. If you need assistance correcting or updating your personal information, or would like to request that we delete your personal information, please contact us with your request at customersupport@intelligentsiacoffee.com.
Retention of Personal Information
We retain personal information where we have an ongoing legitimate business or legal need to do so. Our retention periods will vary depending on the type of data involved, but, generally, we will refer to the following criteria in order to determine retention period:
Whether we have a legal or contractual need to retain the data.
Whether the data is necessary to provide our products, services or programs.
Whether our visitors have the ability to access and delete the data within their accounts.
Whether our visitors would reasonably expect that we would retain the data until they remove it or until their Intelligentsia Coffee accounts are closed or terminated.
Data Security
The Site incorporates reasonable and appropriate physical, electronic, and administrative procedures to safeguard the confidentiality of your personal information, including Secure Sockets Layer (“SSL”) for all financial transactions through the Site. We use SSL encryption to protect your personal information online, and we also take several steps to protect your personal information in our facilities. Access to your personal information is restricted. Only employees who need access to your personal information to perform a specific job are granted access to your personal information. Finally, we rely on third-party service providers for the physical security of some of our computer hardware. We believe that their security procedures are adequate. For example, when you visit the Site, you access servers that are kept in a secure physical environment, behind a locked cage and an electronic firewall.
While we use industry-standard precautions to safeguard your personal information, we cannot guarantee complete security. 100% complete security does not presently exist anywhere online or offline.
Opt Out
Upon your request, we will (a) stop sending emails to your email address; and/or (b) disable your account to prevent any future purchases through that account. You can make these requests at the “Contact Us” section of the Site http://www.intelligentsiacoffee.com/contact, or by emailing your request to intelligentsiacoffee.com's Customer Service Team at customersupport@intelligentsiacoffee.com, or by calling 1-888-945-9786.
Please do not email your credit-card number or other sensitive information.
Access by Children
This website is not directed toward children under 13 years of age and Intelligentsia Coffee, Inc. does not knowingly collect or use information from children under 13 without verifiable parental consent. If you believe that a child has provided personal information to us, please contact us promptly as described below, and we will endeavor to investigate and delete such information from our systems.
Third-Party Websites
This Site may link to, or be linked to, other websites not maintained by or related to Intelligentsia Coffee, Inc. Intelligentsia Coffee, Inc. is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of any third parties or third-party websites, including any linked or linking websites. To the extent that you disclose personally identifiable information to any such third parties, different rules may apply to their use and disclosure of personal information that you disclose to them. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of such websites before disclosing your personal information to them.
Updates to this Policy
The effective date of this Privacy Policy is 1 January, 2020. We reserve the right to modify or amend this Privacy Policy at any time. All changes will be effective immediately upon posting to this Site. Material changes will be conspicuously posted on this website. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy from time to time so you will know if the Privacy Policy has been changed or updated. By accessing or using this Site after such changes are posted you agree and consent to all such changes.
Your California Privacy Rights
California law permits our customers who are California residents to request certain information about our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their own direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year. This request is free and may be made once a year. To make such a request, please write to us at the following address:Intelligentsia, Inc.1850 W. Fulton StreetChicago, IL 60612ATTN: Customer Service Department—California Privacy Info.
If you are a California resident, California law provides you with the following rights with respect to your personal information:
- The right to know what personal information we have collected, used, disclosed and sold about you. To submit a request to know the categories of personal information we have collected or the specific pieces of information we have collected, you may call us at 888-945-9786 or visiting https://www.intelligentsiacoffee.com/contact. You also may designate an authorized agent to make a request for access on your behalf.
- The right to request that we delete any personal information we have collected about you. To submit a request for deletion, you may call us at 888-945-9786 or visiting https://www.intelligentsiacoffee.com/contact. You also may designate an authorized agent to make a request for deletion on your behalf.
When you exercise these rights and submit a request to us, we will verify your identity by asking for information about your relationship with Intelligentsia, such as email address on file, loyalty/customer number, recent order number, or the last four digits of your credit or debit card.
Your exercise of these rights will have no adverse effect on the price and quality of our goods or services.
For the 12-month period prior to the date of this Privacy Policy, Intelligentsia has not sold any Personal Information about its customers; nor does it have any plans to do so in the future.
Right to Removal of Personal Information—California
If you are under 18 years of age, reside in California, and have a registered account with us, you have the right to request removal of unwanted information that you publicly post on the Site. To request removal of such information, you can contact us as provided below. Upon receiving such a request, we will make sure that the information is not publicly available on the Site, but the information may not be completely or comprehensively removed from our systems and databases.
Visitors from Outside the United States—Cross-Border Transfer
The Site is hosted in the United States. If you are visiting the Site from outside the United States, your information may be transferred to, stored and processed in the United States or other countries in accordance with this Privacy Policy. The data protection and other applicable laws of the United States or other countries may not be as comprehensive as those laws or regulations in your country or may otherwise differ from the data protection or consumer protection laws in your country. Your information may be available to government authorities under lawful orders and law applicable in such jurisdictions. By using the Site and/or providing personal information to us, you consent to transfer of your information to our facilities as described in this Privacy Policy.
Right to Lodge Complaints
We are transparent about the ways in which we collect and use personal information, and welcome your questions and concerns. If you have any concern or complaint about the way we handle your personal information, please contact us as described below. To the extent you believe we have not addressed your concerns or otherwise choose to do so, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority in the country where you reside and/or the United States. You may contact the US Federal Trade Commission regarding your concerns. For more information, please see https://www.ftc.gov/faq/consumer-protection/submit-consumer-complaint-ftc.
Contact Us
If you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or how we collect and use the information of our customers, you can contact us by emailing us at customersupport@intelligentsiacoffee.com, or by postal address at Intelligentsia, Inc.; 1850 W. Fulton Street; Chicago, IL 60612; ATTN: Privacy Request, or by telephone at 1-888-945-9786.
If we need, or are required, to contact you concerning any event that involves your information, we may do so by email, telephone, or mail.
Product
Price
Quantity
Total
There’s nothing here…
It appears your shopping cart is empty, but it doesnt have to be.
Your shopping cart is currently empty
Subtotal
$0
Taxes and shipping calculated at checkout
Checkout
Continue Shopping
Discover Products
Create Account
Cancel
SHOP
Coffee
Espresso
Brew Equipment
Ceramics + Mugs
Apparel + Gifts
Kilogram Tea
SUBSCRIPTIONS
LEARN + DO
Brew Guides
Classes
Blog
LOCATIONS
GIFTS
Gift Guide
Gift Bundles
Corporate Gifts
Find your flavor profile
Close
We recommend using Microsoft Edge, Firefox, Google Chrome or Safari for a better experience.