http://inthelighturns.com/privacy-policy.html
Skip to main content
×
Coronavirus disease (COVID-19): a note to our customers.
We're working to keep YOU and our employees safe.
Learn more ›
Live Chat
+1(800) 757-3488
Funeral Directors? Click Here
Live Chat
+1(800) 757-3488
FREE Shipping
Lifetime Warranty
International Shipping
Established 2001
Home
Privacy Policy for In the Light Urns
Privacy Policy
Updated  January 1, 2020
This privacy statement describes how In the Light Urns collects and uses the personal information you provide on our Website: www.inthelighturns.com. It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personal information and how you can access and update this information.
Collection and Use of Personal Information
We collect the following personal information from you
*Contact Information such as name, email address, mailing address, phone number
*Billing Information such as credit card number, and billing address
As is true of most websites, we automatically gather your IP address, it is embedded in the security features all websites have now.
We use this information to
*Fulfill your order
*Send you an order confirmation
Information Sharing
We will not share your personal information with third parties.  We may provide your personal information to companies that provide services to help us with our business activities such as shipping your order or offering customer service. These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us.
We make your contact information available to other users that you transact with on this site to help complete the transaction, such as the website internet gate way Authorize.net or PayPal.
PayPal
If you choose to use PayPal to finalize and pay for your order, you will provide your credit card number, directly to PayPal. PayPal's privacy policy will apply to the information you provide on the PayPal Website.
Security
The security of your personal information is important to us. We use Trust Wave a security measure to check each month for any breach of our security, we have passed each month since 2011, since its implementation. We follow stringent accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it.  If you have any questions about security on our Website, you can contact us at sale@inthelighturns.com
We provide two means for you to make a purchase on our site. You can either call us, and we will take the order, this is considered third party. Or use our shopping cart, the transmission of sensitive information collected on our order form is encrypted using secure socket layer technology (SSL). If you choose to use a third party payment option to pay for your order, its privacy statement and security practices will apply to your information. We encourage you to read that privacy statement before providing your information.
Additional Policy Information
Information you have provided to us through urn engraving requests and images
Our website takes images and creates videos from real orders placed with us. Our website offers publicly accessible blogs or community forums. You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them.
Correcting and Updating Your Personal Information
To review and update your personal information to ensure it is accurate, contact us at sale@inthelighturns.com
Notification of Privacy Statement Changes
We may update this privacy statement to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
Contact Information
You can contact us about this privacy statement by writing or email us at the address below:
In the Light Urns
9716 W. Grove Ave.
Visalia, CA, USA 93291
Email: sale@inthelighturns.com
Phone: 800-757-3488