https://intl.petsafe.net/en-gb/cookies-policy
Cookies Policy
3rd Party Cookie Usage
Do Not Track Requests
Helpful Tips on Managing Cookies
Privacy Policy
This document was last updated May 8th, 2018.
This policy helps to explain the occasions when and why cookies may be sent to visitors to the Website (referred to in this policy as “we”, “us” or “our”). “Cookies” are text-only pieces of information that a website transfers to an individual’s hard drive or other website-browsing equipment for record-keeping purposes.
While using our Website we may store and access these cookies on your device. Accepting these cookies may be required for proper functionality of the website. While you have the right to prevent cookies from being created and stored we cannot guarantee how our site will perform for you.
Cookies allow the Website to remember essential information that will make your use of the site more convenient. A cookie will typically contain the name of the domain from which the cookie has come, the “lifetime” of the cookie, and a randomly generated unique number or other value. Certain cookies will be used on the Site regardless of whether you are logged in to your account or not.
Like most websites, we use cookies for a variety of purposes, primarily to improve your online experience, for analytics and for marketing, and marketplace functionality. We may specifically we use Cookies on the Website for the following purposes:
Analytical Purposes:
We use cookies to analyse user activity to enable us to improve the website usage experience. Examples of the information we may collect and analyse include:
Your Device’s unique device ID
IP and/or MAC addresses
Pixel Tags
The domain from which you access the internet
The kind of browser or Device you use
Your Device’s operating system
The address of the internet site, banner or email from which you selected or entered a link that brought you to this Website
The number of links you click within this Website
The state or country from which you accessed this Website
The date and time of your visit and how long you spent visiting the Website
The pages you viewed on the Website
Purchase history
Interactions within the Website or App you are using
We can use such analysis to gain insights about how to improve the functionality and user experience of the Website.
Website preferences:
We may use Cookies to store certain user preferences on our Website. For example, we may store the recent searches you have performed in a Cookie so that we can allow you to easily repeat those searches when you return to our Website.
Session Cookies are temporary cookies that remain in the cookie file of your browser until you leave the Website.
Persistent Cookies remain in the cookie file of your browser for much longer (though how long will depend on the lifetime of the specific cookie). When we use session cookies to track the total number of visitors to our Website, this is done on an anonymous aggregate basis (as cookies do not in themselves carry any personal data). We may also employ cookies so that we remember your computer when it is used to return to the Website to help customise your RSC web experience.
We may associate personal information with a cookie file in those instances. You can open your cookie preferences to review or change which cookies categories you've conscented to store. Additionally, you can use the options in your web browser to notify you when you receive a cookie. You can easily delete any cookies that have been installed in the cookie folder of your browser.
Furthermore, you can prevent Google's collection and use of data (cookies and IP address) by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en-GB# . You may disable the use of Google Analytics by using the link disable Google Analytics. This link creates an opt-out cookie which prevents the further processing of your data.
To block Google Analytics cookies specifically, you can install the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on provided by Google.
3rd Party Cookie Usage
1. Communication Cookies allow cookies of third party social networks (e.g. Facebook, YouTube, Twitter, LinkedIn). This enables a user to share content of the Website on social networks. These third parties may use cookies, but their use of cookies will not be governed by this Cookie Policy.
Performance cookies help us to understand the behaviour of our visitors and the usage of the Website. This allows us to continuously improve the Website to provide you the best website experience.
These cookies are also used to help us understand what interests our users, and measure how effective our advertising is.
Some cookies are managed by third parties, and you may refer to the third parties' own website privacy notifications for further information.
We use Google Analytics cookies to obtain an overall view of visitor habits and visitor volumes, and to help improve the overall experience on our website.
We use Google Analytics, a third-party web analysis service provided by Google Inc., which uses "performance cookies" and "targeting cookies" to analyse how you use the Website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the Website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States.
However, this website uses Google Analytics with the expansion '_anonymizeIp()' which means that Google will truncate/anonymise the last octet of the IP address for Member States of the European Union.
You can find more information on the _anonymizeIp() expansion from Google Analytics Help Page, specifically https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/2763052?hl=en
On behalf of us, Google will use the information collected for the purpose of evaluating your use of our Website, compiling reports on website activity and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage to us. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.
Get Site Control Information:
This site utilises the GetSiteControl to set marketing cookies and collect personal data from our clients in order to provide surveys, promos, and feedback widgets to our clients. This service is completely optional, and you can refuse to use utilise this service by opting out of our marketing cookies in the cookie preferences widget.
Get Site Control collects personal data in the form of IP address, location, browser information, device information, and any data you provide in our feedback and survey forms. You can request that this data be removed by making an email request to https://intl.petsafe.net/en-gb/privacy
Do Not Track Requests
2. We do not respond to the browser “Do Not Track” (DNT) signal if enabled by the user in their web browser. When we set or read cookies on non-RSC sites that have integrated our features, we do so. We do not share any information about your use of RSC with those third parties. When third parties that we have integrated into RSC sites (as described in the RSC Cookie Policy) set or read their own third-party cookies, they may or may not respond to the DNT signal.
Helpful Tips on Managing Cookies
3. If you disable all cookies, you may not be able to take advantage of all the features of this website. Consult your mobile device documentation for information on how to disable cookies, or to update your cookie preferences.
Once you have given us your agreement to the use of cookies, we shall store a cookie on your computer or device to remenber this for next time. If you wish to withdraw your agrement at anytime, you do so by changing your cookie preferences. You can also delete our cookies using your internet browser settings. You should do this through the browser settings for each browser you use. Please be aware that some of our services will not function if your browser does not accept cookies. However, you can allow cookies from specific websites by making them "trusted websites" in your internet browser. The following links may assist you in managing your cookies settings, or you can use the 'Help' option in your internet browser for more details.
Internet Explorer:
https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies
Mozilla Firefox:
http://support.mozilla.com/en-US/kb/Cookies
Google Chrome:
http://www.google.com/support/chrome/bin/answer.py?hl=en&answer=95647
Safari:
http://support.apple.com/kb/PH5042
Opera:
http://www.opera.com/help/tutorials/security/privacy/
To block Google Analytics cookies specifically, you can install the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on provided by Google.
Please check the browser’s cookie settings support pages to confirm the most up-to-date instructions.
Google Chrome
Click the settings icon on the browser toolbar (three stacked lines)
Select ‘Settings’
Click ‘Show advanced settings’
In the “Privacy” section, click the ‘Content settings’ button
To enable cookies: In the “Cookies” section, pick ‘Allow local data to be set’. This will enable both first-party and third-party cookies. To allow only first-party cookies, pick ‘Block third-party cookies and site data’
To disable cookies: In the “Cookies” section, pick ‘Block sites from setting any data’
Note there are various levels of cookie enablement and disablement in Chrome. For more information on other cookie settings offered in Chrome, refer to the following page from Google: https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647
Mozilla Firefox
Click the menu button (three stacked lines) and choose ‘Preferences’
Select the Privacy panel
Set ‘Firefox will:’ to ‘Use custom settings for history’
To enable cookies: Check ‘Accept cookies from sites’
To disable cookies: Uncheck ‘Accept cookies from sites’
Note there are various levels of cookie enablement and disablement in Firefox. For more information, refer to the following page from Mozilla: https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences
Safari on OSX
Click on ‘Safari’ at the menu bar and select the ‘Preferences’ option
Click on ‘Privacy’
To enable cookies: In the ‘Cookies and website data:’ section, click ‘Always Allow’ or ‘Allow from websites I visit’ or ‘Allow from current website only’ depending on your preference
To disable cookies: In the “Cookies and website data:” section, click ‘Always Block’
Note there are various levels of cookie enablement and disablement in Safari. For more information on other cookie settings offered in Safari, refer to the following page from Apple: https://support.apple.com/kb/PH19214
Opera
From the main menu, select ‘Settings’ (or ‘Preferences’, when using OS X)
Click ‘Advanced’
Under “Cookies”, select an option for handling cookies
To enable cookies: Check ‘Accept’ or ‘Accept only from the sites I visit’ depending on your preference
To disable cookies: Check ‘Never accept cookies’
Note there are various levels of cookie enablement and disablement in Opera. For more information on other cookie settings offered in Opera, refer to the following page from Opera Software: http://www.opera.com/help/tutorials/security/privacy/
Microsoft Internet Explorer 6.0, 7.0, 8.0, 9.0, 10.0
Click on ‘Tools’ at the top of your browser window and select ‘Internet Options’
In the options window navigate to the ‘Privacy’ tab
To enable cookies: Set the slider to ‘Medium’ or below
To disable cookies: Move the slider to the top to block all cookies
Note there are various levels of cookie enablement and disablement in Explorer. For more information on other cookie settings offered in Internet Explorer, refer to the following page from Microsoft: https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies
Microsoft Internet Explorer 11 for Windows 10
Click on ‘Tools’ at the top of your browser window and select ‘Internet Options’
In the options window navigate to the ‘Privacy’ tab
To enable cookies: Choose ‘Allow’ or ‘Be prompted for first and third party cookies,’ depending on your preferences
To disable cookies: Choose ‘Block’
Note there are various levels of cookie enablement and disablement in Explorer. For more information on other cookie settings offered in Internet Explorer, refer to the following page from Microsoft: https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies
Microsoft Edge
Click on ‘More’ and choose ‘Settings’
Under “Advanced settings”, select ‘View advanced Settings’
Under “Privacy and services – Cookies”, choose the option you want.
‘Block all cookies’ blocks all cookies that websites try to save to your computer. ‘Block only third party cookies’ blocks third party cookies, which are saved by external web services, such as ads embedded on webpages you have navigated to.
Note there are various levels of cookie enablement and disablement in Edge. For more information on other cookie settings offered in Microsoft Edge, refer to the following page from Microsoft: https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/12454/windows-10-microsoft-edge-privacy-faq
Customer Care
0800 046 1414
Live Chat
Chat Offline
Send us an email
Support
Register Your Product
Shop
Containment Systems
Training Systems
Bark Control
Accessories
Play & Challenge
About Us
About Us
ECMA
Press Releases
Board of Directors
Connect With Us
© 2020 Radio Systems Corporation All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Statement
Cookies Policy
You're browsing our international site. Would you like to visit our US site?
Yes
No