http://intunegp.com/newsite/privacy-policy
Buy NowProductsCustom Guitar PicksCustom Guitar Pick TinsNon Custom ProductsFAQ’sPricingTemplatesSamplesSingle Color Guitar PicksFull Color Guitar PicksInTuneGP InstagramClientsCustom Guitar Pick Client PortfolioEndorsed ClientsBlog+BlogLinksInTuneGP LogosSpecialsLoginYou are here: Home / Privacy / Terms of UseWeb Site Privacy / Terms of UseInTune® and InTuneGP GrippX® are trademarks of InTune Guitar Picks, Inc.1. TermsBy accessing this web site, you are agreeing to be bound by these web site Terms and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this web site are protected by applicable copyright and trade mark law.2. Use Licensea.Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials (information or software) on InTune® Guitar Picks, Inc.’s web site for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not: i.modify or copy the materials; ii.use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial); iii.attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on InTune® Guitar Picks, Inc.’s web site; iv.remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or v.transfer the materials to another person or “mirror” the materials on any other server. b.This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by InTune® Guitar Picks, Inc. at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.3. Disclaimera.The materials on InTune® Guitar Picks, Inc.’s web site are provided “as is”. InTune® Guitar Picks, Inc. makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, InTune® Guitar Picks, Inc. does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its Internet web site or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.4. LimitationsIn no event shall InTune® Guitar Picks, Inc. or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption,) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on InTune® Guitar Picks, Inc.’s Internet site, even if InTune® Guitar Picks, Inc. or a InTune® Guitar Picks, Inc. authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.5. Revisions and ErrataThe materials appearing on InTune® Guitar Picks, Inc.’s web site could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. InTune® Guitar Picks, Inc. does not warrant that any of the materials on its web site are accurate, complete, or current. InTune Guitar Picks, Inc. may make changes to the materials contained on its web site at any time without notice. InTune® Guitar Picks, Inc. does not, however, make any commitment to update the materials.6. LinksInTune® Guitar Picks, Inc. has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its Internet web site and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by InTune® Guitar Picks, Inc. of the site. Use of any such linked web site is at the user’s own risk.7. Site Terms of Use ModificationsInTune® Guitar Picks, Inc. may revise these terms of use for its web site at any time without notice. By using this web site you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.8. Governing LawAny claim relating to InTune Guitar Picks, Inc.’s web site shall be governed by the laws of the State of Virginia without regard to its conflict of law provisions. General Terms and Conditions applicable to Use of a Web Site.9. Provided ArtworkInTune Guitar Picks, Inc.  assumes customers uploading artwork have the rights for usage on all logos and designs submitted to us.  We will not assume responsibility in any trademark or copyright infringement disputes. By purchasing from InTune Guitar Picks, Inc you agree to assume any liability resulting from actions or demands brought against us for trademark or copyright infringement.10. Cancellation PolicyOnce an order is placed, it can only be cancel within the first 24 hours, but there will be a $25 cancellation fee. *After 24 hours, your order may not be cancelled (NO EXCEPTIONS). When you place your order, the process starts immediately and processing costs are incurred. *If your order is placed on the weekend, it would have to be cancelled by end of business on Monday.More information can be found on our Frequently Asked Questions page.Privacy PolicyYour privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy. •Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected. •We will collect and use personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and not for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law. •We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes. •We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned. •Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used and to the extent necessary for those purposes should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date. •We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification. •We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information. We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained. InTuneGP HomeCustom Guitar Picks is what we do!At InTune Guitar Picks, Inc. (InTuneGP), we manufacture guitar picks in a variety of materials, shapes, thicknesses and colors. We specialize in custom guitar picks and personalized guitar picks. Our customizing is a great way to promote your band or business and make great wedding or party favors in single color or full color printing. The uses for custom guitar picks are endless. From business cards to jewelry to playing guitar, custom guitar picks are an affordable way to market your brand. With no artwork or setup fees and 100 guitar picks starting at $35.00, everyone can have custom guitar picks. Custom guitar pick tins are also available and make a great merch item. If you have any questions about our products, just ask. Get Creative and go Custom with InTuneGP. Made in Virginia, USA.