http://islandsoap.com/pages/privacy-policy.html
Home
Privacy Policy
If you shop for Island Soap's merchandise and place your orders exclusively through islandsoap.com any personal information that you may share with us is kept absolutely private. Neither your name nor anything about you is sold or shared with any other non-affiliated company or agency.We do, of course, ask you for certain kinds of personal information in order to provide the services you request. Several of our optional services and functions do use cookies. To learn how we keep your personal information safe and secure, please see our Security Policy.
How We Use Cookies
This cookie will be used to allow the customer to retrieve a previous order and to automatically populate the order form with the values that were used in previous orders. This function will also allow customers to retrieve incomplete orders for up to 24 hours after the order was abandoned.  These cookies are for your convenience only, and are not used for any other purpose.  If you do not want cookies,  you can set your browser to accept no cookies, or tell it to erase all cookies at the end of a session.If you have further questions, please call us toll-free at 1-800-300-6067 or e-mail us. Please  include your name and mailing address.
Types of personal information we may gather
Purchases — When you place an order, you give us your name, address, phone number or e-mail address plus credit card information.Catalog requests — We need your name and address in order to mail you a catalog. We also require a phone or e-mail contact, in case the address is wrong. To stop receiving catalogs, simply call 1-800-300-6067 or e-mail us. Please  include your name and mailing address.E-mail newsletters — We need your e-mail address. It will never be shared with or sold to anyone. Subscriptions can be cancelled at any time.  To stop receiving e-mail newsletters, simply call 1-800-300-6067 or e-mail us. Please  include your name and mailing address.
Our business partners
In order to ship and track merchandise, we make your name and address available to UPS and US Postal Service.
×
Get in touch with us
Answered here
Sun Powered. Learn More