http://italybyweb.com/italy-by-web-privacy-notice/
Italybyweb.com knows that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly. This notice describes our privacy policy. By visiting Italybyweb.com, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice.
What Personal Information About Customers Does Italybyweb.com Gather?
The information we learn from customers helps us personalize and continually improve your Italy by Web experience. Here are the types of information we gather.
Information You Give Us: We receive and store any information you enter on our Web site or give us in any other way. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our features. We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, customizing future shopping for you, and communicating with you.
E-mail Communications: To help us make e-mails more useful and interesting, we often receive a confirmation when you open e-mail from Italybyweb.com if your computer supports such capabilities. If you do not want to receive e-mail or other mail from us, please let us know by opting out of our emails.
Information from Other Sources: We might receive information about you from other sources and add it to our account information.
Does Italybyweb.com Share the Information It Receives?
Information about our customers is an important part of our business, and we are not in the business of selling it to others. We share customer information only as described below and with subsidiaries Italybyweb.com, controls that either are subject to this Privacy Notice or follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Privacy Notice.
Third-Party Service Providers: We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include fulfilling orders, delivering packages, sending postal mail and e-mail, removing repetitive information from customer lists, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, providing search results and links (including paid listings and links), processing credit card payments, and providing customer service. They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes.
Promotional Offers: Sometimes we send offers to selected groups of Italybyweb.com customers on behalf of other businesses. When we do this, we do not give that business your name and address. If you do not want to receive such offers, please let us know by emailing us at info@italybyweb.com.
Affiliated Businesses We Do Not Control: We work closely with affiliated businesses.
Such as our Italian Manufacturers, these businesses are independent of Italybyweb.com.
We provide these manufacturers/vendors with customer information related to your transaction.
Protection of Italybyweb.com and Others: We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law; enforce or apply our policies; or protect the rights, property, or safety of Italybyweb.com, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction. Obviously, however, this does not include selling, renting, sharing, or otherwise disclosing personally identifiable information from customers for commercial purposes in violation of the commitments set forth in this Privacy Notice.
close
Search
Start typing to see products you are looking for.
Home
Furniture
Classic Italian
Dining Tables
China Cabinets
Buffets & Sideboards
Coffee Tables
Beds & Bedroom
Dressers, Nightstands & Vanities
Sofas & Chairs
Bars and Bar Stools
Desks & Office
Fabrics & Leathers
Modern
Dining Tables
Dining Chairs
Marble Tables
Cabinets & Storage
Buffets & Sideboards
Coffee Tables
Consoles
Beds & Bedroom
Sofas & Chairs
Desks & Office
Bar Stools
About
FAQs
Policies
Our Privacy Notice
Shipping Rates
How to Acquire
Blog
Contact Us
Scroll To Top