http://italybyweb.com/policies/
PLACING ORDERS
Once an order is received by telephone or through our website we will generate an Order Confirmation Agreement between Annaldo & Associates Inc., dba ItalyByWeb.com and the customer. If you are using the checkout cart you will be asked to review our terms and conditions before you proceed. We will call you with payment instructions. If it is by phone, we will email a copy of the Confirmation along with the Term & Conditions. You must read and reply by email to confirm that you agree with the documents. Please check the order carefully for accuracy as to color, number of items, pricing and other items of importance. Orders cannot be processed without an email reply to the Order Confirmation and Term & Conditions.
POINT OF OWNERSHIP
Your Italian furniture will clear US customs, homeland security and will be checked into our Linden, New Jersey warehouse. There it will be thoroughly inspected and scheduled for delivery. At that point, ownership of the Italian furniture is transferred to the customer.
CHOICE OF HOME DELIVERY COMPANIES
We can and do make recommendations on in home, white glove delivery companies we have had good experiences with in the past. We DO NOT guarantee their services. We arrange these services at the request of the customer and as a matter of convenience. We can arrange and add delivery charges to your credit card order and forward the funds to the companies or you can pay them directly. Most trucking companies only accept cash or money order from customers at the time of delivery. While we would like to make the process of choosing a delivery company as easy as possible, the decision is ultimately the customer’s.
INSPECTION AND SIGNING IN-HOME DELIVERY PAPERWORK
The damage rate with the delivery companies we recommend is very low (under 5%), but please inspect your Italian furniture carefully just in case. Make sure the furniture is assembled properly, that drawers slide well, that there are no nicks or dings in the furniture, etc. Once you have signed the paperwork accepting delivery for your Italian furniture it will be difficult to claim damages afterwards.
DAMAGED ITEMS
Moving high quality Italian furnishings around the world is serious business. It takes a team of skilled professionals with a lot of experience who know what they’re doing. While we base our recommendations on experiences with delivery companies in the past, the final choice is ultimately yours. The white glove delivery companies we recommend have proven themselves but sometimes accidents do happen. If something does get damaged during transport from New Jersey to your home, our agreement with these companies is clear. They will restore the Italian furniture back to factory condition without a hassle. We will assist in making sure that process happens as quickly as possible. In any event, damage caused by an in-home delivery company is not grounds for the customer to withhold payment, dispute payment or ask for a refund from Italy by Web.com. A claim for repair will be handled by the customer service department of the delivery company and we will be heavily involved in the process.
PRODUCT WARRANTIES
Our Italian Manufacturers are some of the finest in the industry. They cover any production defectiveness for 12 months after delivery.
PAYMENT METHODS
We accept most major credit cards issued by US banks such as Visa, MasterCard, American Express and Discover as well as PayPal. We also accept cashier checks, travelers checks, money orders and personal checks but they must be cleared at the bank before your order is released.
OUTSIDE THE US (INTERNATIONAL)
We welcome international customers and try to make the process as easy as possible for you. We can ship to just about any location in the world. Payment can be made using a major US credit card, bank wire transfer, check or money order.
CANCELLATION POLICY
All of our Italian furniture is made to order and is considered special order for a specific customer. Since we have to pay the Italian manufacturers in advance cancellation can only be accepted within five days of placing the order. After that time period there will be a fee for cancellation. The fee is based on the expenses incurred by Italy by Web and the Italian manufacturer up to that point. We do not accept order cancellations after production has been completed, therefore, we do not refund your deposit or any monies owed to us at Italy by Web. DELAYS IN PRODUCTION, INTERNATIONAL AND DOMESTIC SHIPPING ARE BEYOND THE CONTROL OF ITALY BY WEB AND CANNOT BE USED AS GROUNDS FOR A CANCELLATION OR REFUND OF ANY FUNDS PREVIOUSLY PAID.
close
Search
Start typing to see products you are looking for.
Home
Furniture
Classic Italian
Dining Tables
China Cabinets
Buffets & Sideboards
Coffee Tables
Beds & Bedroom
Dressers, Nightstands & Vanities
Sofas & Chairs
Bars and Bar Stools
Desks & Office
Fabrics & Leathers
Modern
Dining Tables
Dining Chairs
Marble Tables
Cabinets & Storage
Buffets & Sideboards
Coffee Tables
Consoles
Beds & Bedroom
Sofas & Chairs
Desks & Office
Bar Stools
About
FAQs
Policies
Our Privacy Notice
Shipping Rates
How to Acquire
Blog
Contact Us
Scroll To Top