http://jewelrybygail.com/privacy-policies.html
Sitemap
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Return Policy
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect? We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order or fill out a form. Any data we request that is not required will be specified as voluntary or optional. When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information.
You may, however, visit our site anonymously.Like most websites, we use cookies to enhance your experience, gather general visitor information, and track visits to our website. Please refer to the 'do we use cookies?' section below for information about cookies and how we use them.What do we use your information for? Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways: • To personalize your experience(your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)• To improve our website(we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)• To improve customer service(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)• To process transactionsYour information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested by the customer. • To send periodic emailsThe email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order or request, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, promotions, related product or service information, etc.Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.• To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site featureHow do we protect your information? We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you submit a request, place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information. These security measures include: password protected directories and databases to safeguard your information, SSL (Secure Sockets Layered) technology to ensure that your information is fully encrypted and sent across the Internet securely or PCI Scanning to actively protect our servers from hackers and other vulnerabilities. We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.Do we use cookies? Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain informationWe use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart, understand and save your preferences for future visits, keep track of advertisements and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.Do we disclose any information to outside parties? We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.California Online Privacy Protection Act ComplianceBecause we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.As part of the California Online Privacy Protection Act, all users of our site may make any changes to their information at anytime by logging into their account and clicking on "Edit" next to their e-mail address.Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.CAN-SPAM Compliance We have taken the necessary steps to ensure that we are compliant with the CAN-SPAM Act of 2003 by never sending out misleading information.Online Privacy Policy Only This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.Your Consent By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.Changes to our Privacy Policy If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below. Policy changes will apply only to information collected after the date of the change. This policy was last modified on 8/4/16Contacting Us If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below. https://www.jewelrybygail.com207 E. Driftwood St.Nags Head, NC 27959United Statesinfo@jewelrybygail.com252-441-5387Privacy Policy Customer PledgeWe pledge to you, our customer, that we have made a dedicated effort to bring our privacy policy in line with the the following important privacy laws and initiatives:Federal Trade Commision FairCalifornia Online Privacy Protection ActChildrens Online Privacy Protection ActPrivacy AllianceControlling the Assault of Non-Solicited Pornography and Marketing ActTrust Guard Privacy Requirements
Jewelry By Gail
207 E Driftwood St
Nags Head, NC 27959
252-441-5387
Our Location
Navigation
Contact Us
Store Hours
Directions
Jewelry Catalog
Social
Facebook
Copyright © 2009 - 2020 Jewelry By Gail.
| Sitemap | Privacy Policy | Terms of Service | Return Policy
PHONE: 252-441-5387  |  Nags Head, NC 27959