https://jgbeadedjewelry.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter or fill out a form.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience
(your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
To improve customer service
(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
To process transactions
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature
To send periodic emails
The email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
Do we use cookies?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
We use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart, understand and save your preferences for future visits and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, as long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or other’s rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
As part of the California Online Privacy Protection Act, all users of our site may make any changes to their information at anytime by logging into the site and going to the ‘Edit Profile’ page.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or send an email notifying you of any changes.
This policy was last modified on July 22, 2013
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, please contact us.
JG Beaded Jewelry
Enter Our Monthly Giveaway!
Sign up with us and we'll enter you into our monthly giveaway, you'll also receive an occasional newsletter to tell you about sales, exclusive specials and other cool things!  Learn more about the Giveaway.
SIGN UP
Close Menu
Home
Shop All
Angels
Dragonflies
Dreamcatchers
Hearts
Ladybugs
Moon and Star
Rainbow Bridge
Sports Decorations
Tree Of Life
Crystal Ball Display Stands
Gift Certificates
Stickers
Sale Items
Crystal Suncatchers
Rearview Mirror Car Charms
Fan Light Pulls
Jewelry
Ankle Bracelets
Belly Rings
Bracelets
Earrings
Necklaces
Matching Jewelry
×
×Cart
Giveaway Signup
Name*
First
Last
Email*
Newsletter Signup*To enter our monthly giveaway ~ signup for our occasional newsletter.
Sign Me Up!
How did you find out about the giveaway?*This WebsiteFacebookEtsyPinterestInstagramBlogWeb SearchOtherEmailThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Item added to your cart
0 items in the cart ($0.00)
Continue Shopping
Go To The Cart