https://jjsnack.com/privacy-policy/
Search
(10 Results)
Return result
Return result
Return result
Return result
Return result
Return result
Return result
Return result
Return result
Return result
ProductsInvestorsAboutCareersContact
J&J Snack Foods Corp.
NASDAQ JJSF
Privacy Policy
Last Modified: July 11, 2018
J&J Snack Foods Corp. (hereafter referred to as the “Company” “we”, “us”, or “our”) respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal data. This Privacy Policy tell you about your privacy rights, how the law protects you, and how we look after your personal information. We may change this Policy from time to time so please check this page occasionally to ensure that you’re happy with any changes. By using our website, you’re agreeing to be bound by this Policy.
If you are a resident of a country within the European Union, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) will become effective across the European Union on 25 May 2018. Historic versions of this Policy or the Terms and Conditions of Use can be obtained by contacting us.
How can you contact us?
The Company is the controller and responsible for your personal data. We have appointed a data privacy manager who is responsible for overseeing questions in relation to this Privacy Policy. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, including any requests to exercise your legal rights, please contact the data privacy manager using the details set out below.
Our contact details are:
Full name of legal entity: J&J Snack Foods Corp.
Name or title of data privacy manager: John Griffith
Email address: jgriffith@jjsnack.com
Postal address: J&J Snack Foods
6000 Central Highway
Pennsauken NJ 08109
Telephone number: 856) 665-9533
If you are a resident in a country that is part of the European Union, you have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues (www.ico.org.uk). We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the ICO so please contact us in the first instance.
What type of information is collected from you?
The personal information we collect might include your name, address, email address, and IP address. You may submit personal information to us when you complete a contest entry form, request for information or request to join our mailing list. We may also occasionally ask, on a voluntary basis, for personal information for our internal use, such as marketing and research. If you purchase a product from us online, your card information is not held by us, it is collected by our third party payment processors, who specialise in the secure online capture and processing of credit/debit card transactions, as explained below.
How is your information used?
We may use your information to:
process a payment that you have made;
process orders that you have submitted;
to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into by you and us;
dealing with entries into a competition or sweepstakes;
seek your views or comments on the services we provide;
notify you of changes to our services; or
send you communications which you have requested and that may be of interest to you. These may include information about or products or services or promotions of our associated companies goods and services.
We review our retention periods for personal information on a regular basis. We will hold your personal information on our systems for as long as is necessary for the relevant activity, or as long as is set out in any relevant contract you hold with us.
Who has access to your information?
We will not sell or rent your information to third parties.
We will not share your information with third parties for marketing purposes. The only time we transfer your personal information (such as your name and email address) to a third party is when we are using a vendor, service provider, or subcontractor to provide products or services to you on our behalf (for example, to process your payment or assist in a temporary sweepstakes). We request that these vendors not retain your contact information for any longer than is necessary to provide the products or services to you.
When we use external third party service providers, we disclose only the personal information that is necessary to deliver the service and we take steps to ensure that they keep your information secure and not use it for their own direct marketing purposes. If you have any questions regarding secure transactions, please contact us.
We may also transfer your personal information to a third party (1) as part of a sale of some or all of our business and assets to any third party or as part of any business restructuring or reorganization; (2) if we’re under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation; or (3) to enforce or apply our terms of use or to protect the rights, property or safety of our supporters and customers.
Opting In or Out
You have a choice about whether or not you wish to receive information from us. If you do not want to receive direct marketing communications from us, then you can select your choices by clicking the relevant boxes situated on the form on which we collect your information. We will not contact you for marketing purposes if you have indicated that you do not wish to be contacted.
You can change your marketing preferences at any time or “opt out” by contacting us at the address above. Where you opt out of receiving marketing messages by clicking on the “opt out” link in our emails, this will not apply to personal data provided to us as a result of a product/service purchase, product/service experience or other transactions.
The accuracy of your information is important to us. We’re working on ways to make it easier for you to review and correct the information that we hold about you. In the meantime, if you change your contact information, or obtain or delete the personal information we hold about you, please email us at the address above.
Transferring your information to the United States
We are based in the United States, so if you use our website from another country, your personal information may be transferred to the United States. By submitting your personal data, you’re agreeing to this transfer, storing or processing.
Security
The Company has taken steps to make all information received from our online visitors as secure as possible against unauthorized access and use. All information is protected by our security measures, which are periodically reviewed. We limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee absolute security.
Cookies
For more information about the cookies we use, please see our Cookie Use Policy.
Children
This Website is offered and available to users who are 18 years of age or older. By using this Website, you represent and warrant that you are of legal age to form a binding contract with the Company and meet all of the foregoing eligibility requirements. If you do not meet all of these requirements, you must not access or use the Website.
Data Retention
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements. To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
Your Legal Rights
If you are a resident of a country in the European Union and under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data to:
Request access
to your personal data (commonly known as a “data subject access request”). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
Request correction
of the personal data that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us.
Request erasure
of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have successfully exercised your right to object to processing (see below), where we may have processed your information unlawfully or where we are required to erase your personal data to comply with local law. Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request.
Object to processing
of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and freedoms.
Request the transfer
of your personal data to you or to a third party. We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine readable format. Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you.
Withdraw consent at any time
where we are relying on consent to process your personal data. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent. If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact us.
No fee usually acquired
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
What we may need from you
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
Time limit to respond
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
Subscribe to our newsletter
First Name*Last Name*Email Address*
NameThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.