https://jmgproducts.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.Your credit card information will be sent electronically from our secure server to our SparkPay vendor for processing. We have taken steps to safeguard the security of any information you send to us. The information we collect when you place an order is used only to complete that order, and to contact you, if needed, to complete the order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete the order.
We use the information you provide about someone else when placing an order only to ship the product and to confirm delivery. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
If you wish to order over the telephone, please call Toll free at 1-877-601-5832 to complete your order. If you prefer, you may also mail your order.
Please review our order page for more details.
Security
We use SSL (Secure Socket Layer) technology to encrypt the information you send us when you place an order. Not only is it encrypted before it travels across the internet, it’s also encrypted on our server, which is located behind a secure firewall. Also, as an added safety measure, once your order has been processed we delete your credit card information.
The security of your credit card information is very important to us. Not only is this a CERTIFIED SECURE site with a “valid security certificate” but we also want to advise you that we manually check every order and authorize each order individually with the appropriate credit card processing authority. In this way if there are any errors that we detect with your order we are able to correct them before they become an authorized transaction.
No Spam
JMG Products, Inc. maintains a strict “no-spam” policy. Your e-mail address or mailing address will not be sold or rented to a third party.
Contact Information
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, please visit us at our Contact page and and e-mail us your question.
Order Online
or call Toll-Free
(877)-601-5832
$17.95 each (normally $21.95)
CHOOSE A QUANTITY
WEB SPECIAL : BUY 3 GET 1 FREE!
Payment Methods
Secure Shopping Cart by: Americart® Shopping Cart Service holds a GoDaddy Certificate which is used at checkout time & McAfee Secure.
No Risk Offer! It’s Guaranteed to Work! Or Your Money Will Be Refunded!
Watch Our TV Commercial
* Disclaimer – Results may vary from person to person.
Subscribe & Save!Join our email list to get money saving coupons, Xzuber product use tips, and more!
SUBSCRIBE!
You have Successfully Subscribed!
Emails are never sold to 3rd parties. Sent no more than 1x per month. Unsubscribe anytime.
Pin It on Pinterest
Share This
Facebook
Twitter
Google+
Pinterest
Gmail
Print Friendly
Yahoo Mail
Amazon
LinkedIn
StumbleUpon