https://johnsonwoolenmills.com/privacy-policy/
Online Privacy & Security
Johnson Woolen Mills (JWM) Privacy Policy is derived from policies and recommendations outlined by the Federal Trade Commission (FTC). The Goal of JWM is to meet all fair action practice principles namely, Notice/Awareness, Choice/Consent, Access/Participation, and Security/Integrity. Client privacy and security is an ongoing focus and concern for JWM staff. Our customers are a top priority, therefore JWM provides continuing and diligent efforts to ensure the very best secure online shopping experience. Our Privacy Policy may post periodic and unannounced changes, please review JWM policy occasionally.
Policy Update – July 9, 2014
Collected Information
Upon registration and/or order placement a person’s identifiable information is collected, that information includes: first name, last name, shipping/billing addresses, credit card information (when ordering products only), phone number, email address, as well as a user name and password. Account information is stored securely. JWM never shares, sells, or trades any customer account information.
Web analytics may also be tracked, items include: IP address, cookies, duration of stay and frequency of visits. This information alerts and outlines ways for JWM to improve the consumer experience of our website. Information may also be used to identify specific products to specific markets. All information collected via analytics is non-identifiable information.
Use Of Identifiable Information
Identifiable information collected during the order or registration process is used to update order, shipping and other notifications to JWM customers and guests. We also provide our customers with occasional promotions and sale information via email and direct mail.
Information Security
Order transactions on JWM website are accomplished using encrypted or Secure Socket Layering (SSL) servers, which protect your information from misuse, alteration, loss, or access from other online users.
Information Access
Information collected on this site is available to only JWM management employees and it’s webmaster. Password protected access is given to individual customers regarding personal and account information. .
JWM may disclose personal information if legally required to do so by operation of law, including disclosures responsive to warrants, subpoenas, or other governmental orders.
Linked Site Policies
JWM website may provide links to local businesses, services and areas of interest surrounding our headquarters in Johnson, Vermont. Please note; when you leave JWM website via a linked site, JWM site privacy and security policies are no longer applicable. JWM is not responsible for linked website privacy policies and guidelines and it is the responsibility of the visiting consumer to review posted policies.
California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits individual customers of JWM, with valid and current residency of California, to request information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for the purpose of direct marketing. For more information or to make a request please click here.
Comments & Questions
For comments and question regarding our policies or any other information you may require please contact us here.
Contact Johnson Woolen Mills
About Us
Vermont Factory Store
How To Find Johnson Woolen Mills
Wool Fabrics Samples
Why Wool
Dealer Locator
Become A Johnson Woolen Mills Dealer
Search Our Products
Search for:
My Account
Checkout
Cart
Return & Exchange Policies
Privacy Policy
Contact Johnson Woolen Mills
About Us
Vermont Factory Store
How To Find Johnson Woolen Mills
Wool Fabrics Samples
Why Wool
Dealer Locator
Become A Johnson Woolen Mills Dealer
Business HoursBusiness hours on Wednesday9:00 - 5:00
Main Menu
HomeClothing
Men
Coats & Jackets Hunting Collection Jac Shirts Pants Suspenders Shirts Tall Sizes Vests
Women
Capes Coats & Jackets Jac Shirts Pants Ponchos Vests
Children
Booties Capes Coats Jac Shirts Pants
100% Wool
100% Wool Hunting Coat 100% Wool Traditional Mackinaw 100% Worsted Wool Pants
Flannel Lined
Cape Ladies Anorack Shirts Throws Vest
Pets
Woolen Dog Beds Wool Dog Coat
Accessories
Card Holder Suspenders Hand Bags
Bitty Bags Medium Sized Wool Tote Bag Sidewinder Bag – Small Sidewinder Bag Small Wool Fanny Pack Wool Clutch Bag Wool Hobo Bag Wool Swing Bag Wool Tote Bag
Hats
Classic Wool Trapper Hat Wool Baseball Cap Wool Crusher Hat Winter Styles
Packs & Pouches
Black Powder Hunting Pouch Day Packs Oversized Wool Fanny Pack Sidewinder Wool Trina Bags
Travel Bags
Wool Bucket Tote Bags Wool Commuter Bag
Wool Mittens
Woolen Family Style Mittens Wool Hunting Mittens
Wool Scarf Woolen Socks Base & Mid-Layers
Fabric
By The Yard Sample Swatch By The Pound
Wool Quilting Squares Wool Rug Strips
For Home
Throws & Blankets
Limited Edition JWM Norris Wool Throws Wilderness Wool Throws Wool Flannel Throws Flannel Throws Pendleton Blankets Hudson Bay
Handmade Mug Rugs Handmade Pot Holders Wine Bottle Cozy Wood Cutting Boards Chef’s Apron
Collectibles
Christmas
Wool Stockings Ornaments
Johnson Woolen Mills Spindles JWM Wooden Signs Teddy Bears
Wool Teddy Bear Fur Teddy Bear Sherpa Teddy Bear
Display Items Collectible Coffee Mugs
Flannel Collection
Men’s Flannel Shirts Women’s Flannel Shirts Flannel Boxers Flannel Hoodies Flannel Lounge Pants Flannel Scarves Flannel Throws Flannel By The Yard Flannel By The Pound Sample Flannel Swatches Flannel Apron
More!
Darn Tough Socks Hudson Bay Products Kari Traa Products Mitchie’s Matchings Products Pendleton Products