https://karenswhimsy.com/about/privacy-policy/
Art
Altered Books
Book Sculptures
Collage Art
Reliquaries
Musings
Resources
Public Domain Images
About
FAQs
Purchasing Digital Images
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Affiliate Disclosure
Contact
Bio
Privacy Policy
Who We Are
The website address for Karen’s Whimsy is https://karenswhimsy.com. It’s created, managed, and maintained by me, Karen Hatzigeorgiou.
What Data We Collect and Why
When you email Karen’s Whimsy, we may save your email address in order to contact you in the future. We do not add you to the email list without your permission. If you do not want to receive emails in the future, please let us know by unsubscribing using the link at the bottom of the email or by sending me an email through our contact page.
The information collected is aggregate information on what pages visitors view. The information is used to improve the content of our web pages and is not shared with other organizations for commercial purposes.
If you supply us with a postal address or phone number, we will only contact you with information you requested or with questions regarding orders you have placed online. This information will not be shared with anyone else.
Ad Servers
To try and bring you offers that are of interest to you, we have relationships with other companies, including Amazon and Google, that we allow to place ads on our web pages. As a result of your visit to our site, ad server companies may collect information such as your domain type, your IP address, and clickstream information. These companies use cookies to serve ads based on a user’s prior visits to our website or other websites. Google and Amazon’s use of advertising cookies enable them and their partners to serve ads to our users based on their visit to this site and other sites on the Internet. You may opt out of personalized advertising by visiting Ads Settings or About Ads.
For further information, please consult the privacy policies of:
Amazon.com Privacy Policy
Google Privacy Policy
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, or if you would like some more information, please contact us.
Please Share
Contact Us
© 2020 Karen's Whimsy. All Rights Reserved.
Other Sites:
U.S. History Images
Christian Image Source
Silhouette Art
Design Image Source
We use cookies to make Karen's Whimsy a better place. Cookies help to provide a more personalized experience and relevant advertising for you, and web analytics for us.
If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are okay with that.OKPrivacy Policy