https://karenbensonminiatures.com/shop/index.php?main_page=privacy
Home |
Log In
Categories
1:12 Scale Handcrafted
1:12 Scale Kits
1:24 Scale Kits
1:48 Scale Kits
1:144 Scale Kits
Test
Gift Certificates
Shipping Insurance
New Products ...
All Products ...
Search
Advanced Search
New Products  [more]
T752 Cardinal Noel Tray$10.00
Reviews  [more]
There are currently no product reviews.
Information
Shipping & Returns
Privacy Notice
Conditions of Use
Contact Us
Site Map
Gift Certificate FAQ
Discount Coupons
Newsletter Unsubscribe
More Information
Links
Home ::
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
Information Collection and Use
Information collected on this site will not be sold, shared or rented to
others.
Order
We request information from customers on our order form. Here customers
must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial
information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is
used for billing purposes and to fill customer’s orders. If we have trouble
processing an order, this contact information is used to get in touch with a
customer.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the customer’s hard drive containing
information about the user. For instance, by setting a cookie on our site, users
will not have to provide address details each time they order and the shopping
basket can remember products purchased at an earlier time. Cookies are stored
on the customer’s computer only. We have no access to their content.
Log Files
We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s
movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses
are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Links
This website may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that we
are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage
our users to be aware when they leave our website and to read the privacy statements
of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information.
This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
Security
The security of your information is very important to us. We use the 128-bit
Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology to protect the security of your online
order information. SSL technology encrypts your order information to protect
it from being decoded by anyone other than Karen Benson Miniatures. Once you
enter the checkout page your computer will begin communicating with our server
in secure mode. You can tell that you are in secure mode by the following:
The "http" in the web address will be replaced by "https"
Depending on the browser, you may see either a padlock (Microsoft Internet
Explorer, AOL, Firefox, Netscape Communicator) or a solid key (Netscape Navigator)
in the lower section for the browser window, also indicating that you are
in a secure mode.
Only browsers that use the 128-bit Secure Socket Layer technology are able
to order through the Karen Benson Miniatures site. If your browser does not
support SSL, or you get an error message, you can get an upgrade at Microsoft's
or Netscape's home page for further information. If you have any questions about
the security of our website, please send us an email.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on
our Homepage so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how
we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any point
we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from
that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by email. Users
will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different
manner. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under
which the information was collected.
Copyright © 2020 Karen Benson Miniatures. Designed by Anne Gerdes Web Design