https://karlehmer.com/privacy-policy/
Menu
HomePrivacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
OUR POLICY IN BRIEF:
We respect your privacy and will never sell, rent, loan, or disclose specific information about you that could be used by a third party for their commercial gain.
We will not disclose your e-mail address to a third party without your permission.
OUR COMMITMENT TO PRIVACY:
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested. To insure that data provided by customers we comply with the policies and procedure set forth in the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS). For more information about PCI DSS, please click here.
THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT:
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the KarlEhmer.com website. On some pages, you can order products, make requests, and register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
Name
Shipping & billing address(s)
Email address
Phone number(s)
Credit Card Information
On some pages you can submit information about other people. For example, if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient, you will need to submit the recipient’s address. In this circumstance, the types of personal information collected are:
Name
Address
Phone Number
Email address where applicable
THE WAY WE USE INFORMATION:
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We use the information you provide about someone else when placing an order only to ship the product and to confirm delivery. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive, notify customers of problems with their orders, send tracking information, and send periodic updates on specials and new product announcements. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
You may also register with our website if you would like to receive our newsletter.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
PRIVACY WHEN LINKING FROM US TO ANOTHER SITE:
Our privacy commitments, policies and certifications apply only to KarlEhmer.com. Once you leave KarEhmer.com from any link on our site, please be advised that you are subject to the practices and policies of the new site. Please refer to their posted privacy policies or, if not posted, contact the security manager or customer service of the new site to get details about their privacy policy.
When using our shipping services we ship through UPS. Your information will be on their site and the ways they use your information is listed here. We are not responsible for any of their policies or how they use your information.
OUR COMMITMENT TO DATA SECURITY:
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
X
Create an account to expedite future checkouts, track order history & receive emails, discounts, & special offers
Register
Anti-spam
Your personal data will be used to support your experience throughout this website, to manage access to your account, and for other purposes described in our privacy policy.
Back to login
Don’t have an account? Create now