https://kav.ca/privacy-policy/
Skip to main content
Who we are
KAV Productions Inc. is a media production company specializing in video, audio, photographic and audio-visual equipment rental services.  Our scope is regional, as the majority of our services are performed and provided to clientele within Ontario, Canada.
Our website address is: https://kav.ca.
Our office is located at: 1031 Lasalle Road, Cornwall, Ontario, Canada.  Telephone 613-937-3700.
All privacy policy matters should be directed to Kevin Lamoureux, CEO.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Overview
Privacy protection and the confidentiality of information have always been fundamental to business practices of KAV Productions Inc (hereafter called ‘KAV’). This privacy statement demonstrates KAV’s firm commitment to protect the privacy of its customers, individuals and other organizations, both public and private.
This policy deals with personal information collected by KAV Productions Inc. Personal information defined as: (information about an identifiable individual, excluding business contact information).  KAV may collect personal information for the purposes of administering client accounts, providing services, securing credit & rental equipment. KAV may periodically update this policy.
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
We store user input data sent through the contact forms on this website, along with meta information about the submissions, including the time stamp, the origin IP address, and the user agent (browser). Also, third party services may collect information about website visitors. We use the Contact Form 7 plugin to manage contact form submissions. The information is sent as email messages that only a select few are allowed to access.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Our WooCommerce Shop
We collect information about you during the checkout process on our store.
What we collect and store
While you visit our site, we’ll track:
Products you’ve viewed: we’ll use this to, for example, show you products you’ve recently viewed
Location, IP address and browser type: we’ll use this for purposes like estimating taxes and shipping
Shipping address: we’ll ask you to enter this so we can, for instance, estimate shipping before you place an order, and send you the order!
We’ll also use cookies to keep track of cart contents while you’re browsing our site.
When you purchase from us, we’ll ask you to provide information including your name, billing address, shipping address, email address, phone number, credit card/payment details and optional account information like username and password. We’ll use this information for purposes, such as, to:
Send you information about your account and order
Respond to your requests, including refunds and complaints
Process payments and prevent fraud
Set up your account for our store
Comply with any legal obligations we have, such as calculating taxes
Improve our store offerings
Send you marketing messages, if you choose to receive them
If you create an account, we will store your name, address, email and phone number, which will be used to populate the checkout for future orders.
We generally store information about you for as long as we need the information for the purposes for which we collect and use it, and we are not legally required to continue to keep it. For example, we will store order information for up to ten years for tax and accounting purposes. This includes your name, email address and billing and shipping addresses.
We will also store comments or reviews, if you choose to leave them.
Who on our team has access
Members of our team have access to the information you provide us. For example, both Administrators and Shop Managers can access:
Order information like what was purchased, when it was purchased and where it should be sent, and
Customer information like your name, email address, and billing and shipping information.
Our team members have access to this information to help fulfill orders, process refunds and support you.
What we share with others
We share information with third parties who help us provide our orders and store services to you; for example —
Payments
We accept payments through PayPal. When processing payments, some of your data will be passed to PayPal, including information required to process or support the payment, such as the purchase total and billing information.
Please see the PayPal Privacy Policy for more details.
Analytics
We currently use Google Analytics on this website.
Who we share your data with
Although we do use some WordPress plugins on this website that may pass data, including personal information, to external servers to process, such as WooCommerce, Akismet Anti-Spam, or Jetpack by WordPress.com, we only use WordPress plugins and themes that are hosted by WordPress.org. WordPress.org’s guidelines clearly prohibit tracking users without their explicit informed consent.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments, contact forms submissions or file uploads may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
How long we retain your data
We don’t set a particular time limit on storing information because we need it for future reference. If you want your information to be removed from our database, please contact us. We will remove it anytime there are concerns about your privacy.
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Recent Posts
Onboard with Team Izumi
Cornwall Offers a Wealth of Opportunities for Older Adults
Newborn screening test explained in 30 languages
Thank you for voting us favourite videographer
Harnessing their collective genius to tackle the big issues
Historic Farms of Glengarry (The Making of)
Music Video – Save Your Life
Team Cornwall Showcases Achievements & New Businesses
Medical Arts at 60 – A local business success story
Tech Talk
Planning a Video Production
What is the difference between 4k, HD & SD video
Archives Archives
Select Month
November 2019
October 2019
June 2019
March 2019
April 2018
February 2018
October 2017
December 2016
November 2016
Search for:
ShopProducts
My account
Cart
Checkout
InformationContact Us
About Us
Testimonials
Help & FAQ
Follow us
Facebook
Linkedin
Flickr
Youtube
Instagram
Search | Site Map