https://kayberry.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY AND SECURITY POLICY
Kay Berry does not rent, trade, loan, or sell your personal information, or any other information which may identify you, to third parties. We are committed to protecting our customers’ privacy. The information we collect is used solely to process your order and to enhance your shopping experience. We also monitor customer traffic patterns and site usage in order to help us refine the design and layout of the store.
YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
When you place an order at our site, you provide us with your name, email address, credit card information (unless paying by check), address, and phone number. We use this information to process your order and keep you up to date on its status. The financial information (credit card number, expiration date, billing address, etc.) that we collect from you is used for billing purposes only.
In order to serve you best, credit card transactions are handled by a reputable third-party banking institution. Once the bank authorizes your credit card, we begin processing your order. The banking institution we do business with is under strict obligation to keep your personal information private.
We also work with third parties that perform various vital functions on our behalf. Such functions include shipping and delivering of packages, fulfilling orders, et cetera. These third parties will have access to personal information as required for them to carry out these functions on our behalf. They are also under strict obligation to keep your personal information private.
Kay Berry may occasionally notify you via email of important changes to our web site or special offers we think you’ll find valuable. You will only receive these emails when you have opted-in to receive them. For your convenience, at the end of every such email are directions on how to remove your email address from our list, should you desire to do so.
We may also use your Internet Protocol (IP) address and ISP name to help us diagnose problems with our server, and enhance administration of our web site. Your IP address may also be used to gather broad demographic information, as well as identify customer traffic patterns and site usage. This information aids us in merchandising and in refining the design and layout of the store.
SECURE SERVERS
Our secure servers use advanced encryption and firewall technology to keep your personal information private. Our secure server layer (SSL) software completely encrypts the information you input so that it cannot be read as it travels over the Internet to our order management system. We have extremely strong security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse, or alteration of your information while it is in our control.
COOKIES
“Cookies” are small pieces of information that are stored by the browser onto your computer’s hard drive. There are two types of cookies, “Stored” and “Per-Session”. Stored cookies are saved onto your hard drive permanently whereas session cookies are not. If our web site is left idle for over 30 minutes or if the browser is closed, the per-session cookie will be deleted as well. We use cookies to keep track of your current shopping session. Kay Berry does not use cookies to store/retrieve your personal information. By default, most web browsers have both types of cookies enabled, but these settings can be altered. To place an order on our website, per-session cookies have to be enabled, but stored cookies do not.
CONTESTS AND SURVEYS
From time to time, we may run contests or other promotions on our site that asks for contact and demographic information. If you win, we will send your prize to the address you entered into our system, and notify you via email. We may also use your contact information to notify you about Kay Berry promotions, specials and new additions to our site. If you prefer not to receive these emails, please follow the simple instructions on the bottom of the email and we will remove you from our mailing list.
Kay Berry may also occasionally administer surveys at our site that request your opinions and demographic information. Here, we do not ask you for contact information and we will never contact you regarding your answers to a survey. Survey answers are strictly confidential. We only use survey data in an effort to better serve our customers. If you do not wish to participate in a survey, simply decline to participate when asked.
STATISTICS
Kay Berry may provide aggregate statistics about our customers, sales, traffic patterns, and other shopping information, to reputable third-party vendors or our marketing partners. These statistics will not include any information that identify you personally.
YOUR CONSENT
By using our web site, you are agreeing to allow us to collect the aforementioned information and use such information in the said manner. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. Kay Berry will cooperate with law enforcement agencies to identify any individual who attempts to use our services for illegal activities. We will also report any activity we believe to be unlawful, to the proper authorities. Additionally, we may release account information when we feel that such a release is necessary to enforce the terms of our user agreement, or to protect the rights, property and safety of our users, Kay Berry or others. Other sites accessible through Kay Berry have their own privacy policies and data collection practices. Please consult each site’s privacy policy. Kay Berry is not responsible for the actions of third-parties.
IN CLOSING
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, Wrapable’s practices, or your business with Kay Berry, please contact customer service at: service@KayBerry.com
Please check back occasionally for any updates or changes to our privacy policy.