https://kellyhughes.com/contact-us/privacy-policy/
Stationery
Gift Sets
Illustrated Stationery
Furry Friends
Flat Notes
Folded Notes
Calling Cards
Gift Stickers
Bag Tags
Address Labels
Modern Stationery
Flat Notes
Folded Notes
Notepads
Enclosure Cards
Address Labels
Gift Stickers
Gift Tags
Tabletop
Baby & Kids
Kids Tabletop
One piece & Blanket Sets
Kids Clipboards
House & Home
Lucite Trays
Platters
Clipboards
Holiday
Photo Cards
Gift Tags
Stickers
Address Labels
Our Privacy Policy is designed to assist you in understanding how we collect and use the personal information you provide to us and to assist you in making informed decisions when using and our products and services.
What Information Do We Collect?
When you visit KellyHughes.com, you may provide us with two types of information: personal information you knowingly choose to disclose that is collected on an individual basis and Web site use information collected on an aggregate basis as you and others browse our Web site.
Personal Information You Choose to Provide
Email Information.
If you choose to correspond with us through email, we may retain the content of your email messages together with your email address and our responses. You will also provide us your name and email when you register for KellyHughes.com newsletter.
Web Site Use Information
Similar to other commercial Web sites, KellyHughes.com utilizes a standard technology called “cookies” (see explanation below, “What Are Cookies?”) and Web server logs to collect information about how our Web site is used. Information gathered through cookies and Web server logs may include the date and time of visits, the pages viewed, the Features viewed, the products viewed, the stores viewed, the areas viewed, time spent at KellyHughes.com, and the Web sites visited just before and just after KellyHughes.com.
How Do We Use the Information That You Provide to Us?
If you have signed up for the newsletter, we use the information we collect to notify you about important changes to our Web site, new services and special offers we think you will find valuable. You may notify us at any time if you do not wish to receive these offers by emailing us here
What Are Cookies?
A cookie is a very small text document, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier. When you visit a Web site, that site’s computer asks your computer for permission to store this file in a part of your hard drive specifically designated for cookies. Each Web site can send its own cookie to your browser if your browser’s preferences allow it, but (to protect your privacy) your browser only permits a Web site to access the cookies it has already sent to you, not the cookies sent to you by other sites.
How Do We Use Information We Collect from Cookies?
Cookies, in conjunction with KellyHughes.com server’s log files, allow us to calculate the aggregate number of people visiting our Web site and which parts of the site are most popular. This helps us gather feedback in order to constantly improve our Web site and better serve KellyHughes.com customers. Cookies do not allow us to gather any personal information about you and we do not generally store any personal information that you provided to us in your cookies.
Sharing Information with Third Parties
Any personal information you provide us will not be distributed to any third parties in the case of alliances, partnerships or other business arrangements. Only aggregate information, as detailed above, will be shared with such third parties.
Notice of New Services and Changes
If you have signed up for the newsletter, we may also use the information we collect to notify you about important changes to KellyHughes.com, new services and special offers we think you will find valuable. As our customer, you will be given the opportunity to notify us of your desire not to receive these offers by sending us an email request here
ORDER STATIONERY, TRAYS & PLACEMATS BY 12/11 FOR CHRISTMAS DELIVERY + FREE GROUND SHIPPING ON ORDERS OVER $35!