http://kennellink.com/privacy-policy
Home
Features
Pricing
Demo
Resources
Blog
Testimonials
Cash Drawer
Contact
(877) 789-5465
Sign Up
Privacy Policy
1. Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
2. The Information We Collect
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Kennel Link™ web site. On some pages, you can order services. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
Name
Business Address
Billing Address
Email Address
Business Phone Number
Credit Card Information
3. The Way We Use Information
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
4. Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
5. Our Commitment To Children’s Privacy
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
6. How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information
You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by emailing your request to info@kennellink.com. We use this procedure to better safeguard your information. You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error. To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
7. How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call us at (303) 814-1008 or toll free at (877) 789-LINK (5465) or send us an email at info@kennellink.com.
More About UsCheck out our pricing
What make us soooo easy
Contact us
Recent Posts
Upselling Grooming Services
Customer Contact
Foods Dogs Shouldn’t Eat
Still Curious?
Contact Us
Try the Demo