https://kennelconnection.com/privacypolicy
Skip to content
Login
Privacy PolicyLast modified: January 1, 20201. IntroductionSoftware Connection LLC dba Kennel Connection (“Company” or “we” or “us”) respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy.This policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit our website at kennelconnection.com (the “Website”) or access or use the (the “App,” and together with the Website, the “Service”) and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information.This policy applies to information we collect:In the desktop AppOn the WebsiteIn email, text, and other electronic messages between you and the Service.When you interact with our advertising and applications on third-party websites and services, if those applications or advertising include links to this policy.It does not apply to:Information collected by us offline or through any other means; orInformation collected by any third party.Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use the Service. By accessing or using the Service, you agree to this privacy policy. This policy may change from time to time (see Section 11). Your continued use of the Service after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.2. Children Under the Age of 16Our Service is not intended for children under 16 years of age. No one under age 16 may provide any information to or on the Service. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 16. If you are under 16, do not use or provide any information on the Service or through any of its features, register for the Service, or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, email address, or any screen name or user name you may use. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 16 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 16, please contact us at support@kennelconnection.net.California residents under 16 years of age may have additional rights regarding the collection and sale of their personal information. Please see Section 9 (Your California Privacy Rights) for more information.3. Information We Collect About You and How We Collect It3.1. Information You Provide to UsWe collect several types of information from and about users of the Service, including the following:Information by which you may be personally identified, such as name, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number, or any other identifier by which you may be contacted online or offline (“personal information”);Information that is about you but individually does not identify you; and/orInformation about your internet connection, the equipment you use to access the Service, and usage details.We collect this information:Directly from you when you provide it to us.Automatically when the App communicates with the Company servers.Automatically as you navigate through the site. Information collected automatically may include usage details, IP addresses, and information collected through cookies.This information may include:Information that you provide by filling in forms, including but not limited to information provided at the time of registering to use our Service or entering your pet’s information, or information we request when you report a problem with the Service.Records and copies of your correspondence (including your email addresses), if you contact us.Your responses to surveys that we might ask you to complete for research purposes.Details of transactions you carry out through the Service and of the fulfillment of your orders (for example, you may be required to provide financial information before purchasing services through the Service).You also may provide information to be published or displayed (hereinafter, “posted”) on public areas of the Website, or transmitted to other users of the Service or third parties (collectively, “User Contributions”). Your User Contributions are posted on and transmitted to others at your own risk.3.2. Information We Collect Through Automatic Data Collection TechnologiesAs you use and interact with the Service we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your hardware, browsing actions, and patterns, including:Details of your visits to our Website, including traffic data, location data, logs, and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Website.Information about your computer or mobile device and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system, device type, and browser type.We also may use these technologies to collect information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites or other online services (behavioral tracking).The information we collect automatically is only statistical data and does not include personal information, but we may maintain it or associate it with personal information we collect in other ways or receive from third parties. It helps us to improve our Service and to deliver a better and more personalized experience, including by enabling us to:Estimate our audience size and usage patterns.Store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our Service according to your individual interests.Speed up your searches.Recognize you when you return to our Website or use the App.The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include:Cookies (or browser cookies). A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Website. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Website.Flash Cookies. Certain features of our Website may use local stored objects (or Flash cookies) to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from, and on our Website. Flash cookies are not managed by the same browser settings as are used for browser cookies. For information about managing your privacy and security settings for Flash cookies, see Section 7 (Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information).We do not collect personal information automatically, but we may tie this information to personal information about you that we collect from other sources or you provide to us.4. Third-Party Use of Cookies and Other Tracking TechnologiesSome content or applications, including advertisements, on the Website and elsewhere in the Service are served by third-parties, including advertisers, ad networks and servers, content providers, and application providers. These third parties may use cookies alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use our website. The information they collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information, including personal information, about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services. They may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content.We do not control these third parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you have any questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider directly. For information about how you can opt out of receiving targeted advertising from many providers, see Section 7 (Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information).5. How We Use Your InformationWe use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information:To present our Website and App and their respective contents to you.To provide you with information, products, or services that you request from us.To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it.To provide you with notices about your account, including expiration and renewal notices.To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection.To notify you about changes to our Website, App updates, or any products or services we offer or provide though the Service.To allow you to participate in interactive features on our Website.In any other way we may describe when you provide the information.For any other purpose with your consent.We may also use your information to contact you about our own and third-parties’ goods and services that may be of interest to you. For more information, see Section 7 (Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information).We may use the information we have collected from you to enable us to display advertisements to our advertisers’ target audiences. Even though we do not disclose your personal information for these purposes without your consent, if you click on or otherwise interact with an advertisement, the advertiser may assume that you meet its target criteria.6. Disclosure of Your InformationWe may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction.We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this privacy policy:To our subsidiaries and affiliates.To contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business.To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Company’s assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by Company about our Website users is among the assets transferred.To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it.For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.With your consent.We may also disclose your personal information:To comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.To enforce or apply our terms of use [kennelconnection.com/terms] and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes.If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Company, our customers, or others.7. Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your InformationWe strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information:7.1. Tracking Technologies and AdvertisingYou can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. To learn how you can manage your Flash cookie settings, visit the Flash player settings page on Adobe’s website [macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager07.html]. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of the Service may then be inaccessible or not function properly.7.2. Promotional Offers from the CompanyIf you do not wish to have your contact information used by the Company to promote our own or third parties’ products or services, you can opt-out by checking the relevant box located on the form on which we collect your data or at any other time by logging into the Service and adjusting your user preferences in your account profile by checking or unchecking the relevant boxes or by sending us an email stating your request to support@kennelconnection.net. If we have sent you a promotional email, you may send us a return email asking to be omitted from future email distributions.7.3. Targeted AdvertisingIf you do not want us to use information that we collect or that you provide to us to deliver advertisements according to our advertisers’ target-audience preferences, you can opt-out by contacting support@kennelconnection.com. For this opt-out to function, you must have your browser set to accept all browser cookies.We do not control third parties’ collection or use of your information to serve interest-based advertising. However these third parties may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this way. You can opt out of receiving targeted ads from members of the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) on the NAI’s website [http://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1].California residents may have additional personal information rights and choices. Please see Section 9 (Your California Privacy Rights) for more information.Nevada residents who wish to exercise their sale opt-out rights under Nevada Revised Statutes Chapter 603A may submit a request to this designated address: support@kennelconnection.net.8. Accessing and Correcting Your InformationYou can review and change your personal information by logging into the Service and visiting your account profile page.You may also send us an email at support@kennelconnection.net to request access to, correct or delete any personal information that you have provided to us. We cannot delete your personal information except by also deleting your user account. We may not accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect.California residents may have additional personal information rights and choices. Please see Section 9 (Your California Privacy Rights) for more information.9. Your California Privacy RightsIf you are a California resident, California law may provide you with additional rights regarding our use of your personal information. To learn more about your California privacy rights, visit [kennelconnection.com/CCPAPrivacy].California’s “Shine the Light” law (Civil Code Section § 1798.83) permits users of our App that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to support@kennelconnection.net.10. Data SecurityWe have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers behind firewalls. Any payment transactions will be encrypted [using SSL technology.The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our Website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone.Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Website. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Website.11. Changes to Our Privacy PolicyIt is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page with a notice that the privacy policy has been updated on the Website home page. If we make material changes to how we treat our users’ personal information, we will notify you by email to the email address specified in your account or through a notice on the Website home page. The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable email address for you, and for periodically visiting our Website and this privacy policy to check for any changes.12. Contact InformationTo ask questions or comment about this privacy policy and our privacy practices, contact us at:support@kennelconnection.netor via our toll-free number:(888) 486-4343
×
×Cart
Remote Support