https://keywestaloe.com/privacy-policy/
button
Become a retailer
Search
Go
0 My Bag
Close
Recently added item(s)
You have no items in your shopping cart.
Sign in/up
Skincare
Shop By Category
Best Sellers
Cleansers
Moisturizers
Night Moisturizers
Masks
Scrubs
Shaving
Treatment & Serum
Kits & Bundles
Bath & Body
Shop By Category
Best Sellers
Bath & Shower Gels
Bar Soaps
Body Moisturizers
Sun Protection
After Sun
Intimacy
Deodorant
Body Scrubs
Body Mist
Travel Sets
Hair Care
Shop By Category
Shampoo
Conditioner
Fragrance
Shop By Category
Perfume
Cologne
Best Sellers
Sample
Body Mists
Aloethera
Clean
Moisturize
Hair
Deodorant
Winter Therapy!
Tropical
Mango
Key Lime
Coconut
Lemon Eucalyptus
Island Breeze
Frangipani
Sink Duos
Salt Scrubs
Moisturizing Lotions
Facial
Facial Sets
Cleanse
Exfoliators
Moisturize
Men
Shave
Aftershave
Clean
Sun
After Sun
Lip Balms
Sun Bundles
Sun Protection
KWA
Advanced Facial Care
Suncare
Pets
Travel
Travel Essentials
Travel Hair Care
Travel Lotions
Travel Bath & Shower Gels
Travel Safety
Gifts
Gift Cards
Home Essentials
Travel Sets
Gift Baskets
My Account
Check Gift Card
My Wishlist
Checkout
Last Chance Items
Home
/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS
When you visit keywestaloe.com or send e-mails to us, you are communicating with us electronically. You consent to receive communications from us electronically. We will communicate with you by e-mail or by posting notices on this site. You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.
AT KEY WEST ALOE YOUR PRIVACY IS VERY IMPORTANT TO US.
We will never give your name, address, or any other information to any other company or individual for their financial gain. The information you submit is used to help build and maintain your personal account, and/or in order for you to receive newsletters and information from us. The personally identifiable information that you provide to us and information about your order may be combined with other personally identifiable information (such as demographic information and past purchase history) available from our records and other sources. We also use Pixel Tags to collect additional information regarding your browsing experience. This information will be used to make our future marketing efforts more efficient and to provide you with a more relevant and timely brand and shopping experience. This information may also be shared with our third party service providers that assist us with our marketing efforts and with other marketers whose products or services we feel may be of interest to you. If you prefer that we do not share your name and address with other marketers, please email us at cs@keywestaloe.com. Should you choose, your name and address will be added to our mailing list, and you may receive occasional emails from Key West Aloe regarding special promotions or events. No information that you submit will be used by Key West Aloe without your consent. You can control your online behavioral advertising by visiting the following platforms: Digital Advertising Alliance opt-out platform or the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out platform. The Key West Aloe website utilizes various security measures, including encryption technologies and password protection, to protect the security of your information.
COOKIES POLICY
Key West Aloe ("us", "we", or "our") uses on https://keywestaloe.com (the "Service"). By using the Service, you consent to the use of cookies. For more information, please read our Cookies Policy. Our Cookies Policy explains what cookies are, how we use cookies, how third-parties we may partner with may use cookies on the Service, your choices regarding cookies and further information about cookies.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY NOTICE
Changes to our Privacy Policy will be posted on this page. If we make a material change to our privacy practices, we will provide notice on the site or by other means as appropriate. Effective 1/11/2019.
Please wait...
Product added to cart
Dear Customer,
We have detected that you are using an unsupported browser. Some features will not work too well, but you are welcome. For a better shopping experience, please considering using a contemporary browser.
ok I understand
Call Us: 1-800-445-2563
To receive special offers
Subscribe
tripadvisor
youTube
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Instagram
Resources
Newsletter
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Customer Service
Shipping Policies
Wholesale
Physical Catalog
KWA Ambassador
Testimonials
Cucumber Under Eye Gel
Invest in products like this one that prevent aging and don't just mask it : )
I'm a huge fan of the Cucumber Eye Gel. I have allergies and get puffy eyes so frequently. This happens more as you get older, so if you notice this happening, get on the moisturizing train as soon as possible! Aloe vera is very special in that it penetrates the skin deeply to bring that needed moisture. Very few natural substances do this.
I got this as a sample and I squeezed every last part of it out!! Just the sample lasts for days if you keep it open. You'll see reviews here say that a little goes a long way, people use it for six months and that they refrigerate it for even more benefits (cold helps reduce puffiness too).
I didn't refrigerate it, but it still worked as well as the TV commercial eye wrinkle reducer, EXCEPT that this is a substance that doesn't just mask the problem so it can return another day. It nourishes the skin. Reviews across this website say aloe keeps their skin looking great for 20, 30, even more years and that their skin looks 10-15 years younger or more. I have no doubt this is true after using this cucumber eye gel. I just bought more and am eager to receive it, because it makes a dramatic difference from day one. I saw less puffy eyes and better yet -- more moisture around the eye area. It became clear to me that lacking moisture is part of my puffy eye problem. So using those TV products that suck in the puffiness could possibly dry the eyes out more, while Cucumber Eye Gel is giving the under eye area the moisture it needs to stay healthier. That's why I had a huge mind shift after using this product. Thanks, Key West Aloe!
Christina
White Ginger
A smoky, white floral favorite of all time!
I bought White Ginger once during a trip to the Keys and put it away for a while. Over time, the perfume aged gorgeously into this exciting white floral incense that I can't get over. I couldn't find it at first and was going crazy to think I would lose this fragrance.
It reminds me of the jasmine they had at Mai Kai Polynesian restaurant in Fort Lauderdale, with an additional and very modern smoking incense.
When I found the Key West Aloe site, I ordered White Ginger right away and when I received it, the fragrance was different than my older bottle. So I did two things that made it work phenomenally. One, I let the fragrance age a month so the scents could meld together more. Still, it smelled different. So I shook it. Then, it bloomed into that smoking white island flower wonder I adored! Great things about this perfume are that it: ages beautifully and gets better with time; instantly reminds you of beach times; is strong enough to endure for hours and delight you throughout the day; can be used year-round when you need "island time!" Don't make wonderful scents seasonal when they can return you to places that make you happy!
Christina
Coconut Conditioner
2 oz
just like summer
The sampoo and conditioner smells great and leaves hair soft and not weighted down,I love all the sampoo from here
christina
Key Lime Shampoo
8 oz
the best smell
Love the smell and feel of my hair ,Soft and not weighted down,
christina
Hand Sanitizer- 62% Alcohol
Hand Sanitizer
Hello!
Do you still have anti-bacterial hand sanitizer on your website?
I’m having trouble locating it!
Also, do you know when you might start offering it in a bigger size?
Your hand sanitizer is THE BEST, natural and not full of awful chemicals!!!!
Thank you!!!
Jen
Sanitizer
Contact Us
cs@keywestaloe.com
1-800-445-2563
Find a store nearby
© 2019 KEYWESTALOE