https://keywestnuthouse.com/privacy-policy/
Where to Find
Returns Policy
Privacy Policy
My Account
$0.000 items
Checkout
Search Products:
Home / Privacy Policy
Key West Nut House Privacy Policy
General
Key West Nut House, publisher of www.keywestnuthouse.com (hereafter referred to as ?the Website?) is committed to maintaining the privacy of personal information that you provide to us when using the Website (hereafter referred to collectively as the ?Services?). This Privacy Policy describes how we treat personal information received about you when you visit the Website.? The Website reserves the right to update this policy from time to time, so you should review this web page periodically.
Information We Collect
We may collect personally identifiable information from you that may include your name, age, address, e-mail address, and other information.? Providing this information is entirely voluntary and you may easily decline to do so. Furthermore, we may automatically collect non-personally identifiable IP addresses and Web site usage information, and any such other information as permitted by law, from you when you visit the Website.
Information from Children
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of thirteen.? If the Website obtains actual knowledge that it has collected personal information about a child under the age of 13, that information will be immediately deleted from its database.? Because it does not knowingly or intentionally collect such information, to the best of the Website?s knowledge and belief, the Website has no such information to use or to disclose to a third party. The Website has designed this policy in order to comply with the Children?s Online Privacy Protection Act.
How We Use Information Collected
We may use information: (i) for the purposes for which you specifically provided the information, (ii) to send you e-mails only relating to the Website unless you have opted out of receiving such e-mail, (iii) to enhance existing features or develop new features, products and services, and (iv) to provide advertisers and other third parties with aggregate (non-personally identifiable) information about our user base and usage patterns.
We will not share your personally identifiable information outside of Key West Nut House. However, we may disclose and use personally identifiable information in special circumstances where it is necessary to enforce our Terms of Use or when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires us to do so.? Furthermore, the Website may sell or transfer personally identifiable information to third parties in connection with a merger, acquisition, change in capital structure, or sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Website.
Comments
The comments functions of the Website allow you to comment on this Website?s content as well as what other readers have to say. When you use these features, you may be making public any information that you provide including your name, location and e-mail address.
Cookies and Web Beacons
We use cookies to allow you to move quickly through our site, to recognize repeat visitors and to allow you to take advantage of some of our site?s special features. A cookie is a string of information that is sent by a Web site and stored on your hard drive or temporarily in your computer?s memory. Cookies are small files (just a few hundred bytes) and won?t pose any significant disk-space concerns. You may also receive cookies and web beacons from our third party network advertisers. Web beacons are invisible images used to recognize users and assess traffic patterns; they do not use your name, email address or any other personally identifiable information. This privacy statement covers the use of cookies by Key West Nut House only and does not cover the use of cookies or web beacons by any third-parties.
Transfer to U.S. or Other Countries. Your information may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country where Key West Nut House has facilities, and by subscribing to our services, you consent to the transfer of information outside of your country.
ShopHoliday Items
Gift Baskets
Key Lime Products
Specialty Items
Nuts
Dried Fruit
Brittle
Chocolates
Candies
Other InfoWhere to Find
Returns Policy
Privacy Policy
My Account
Contact Us2510 N. Roosevelt Blvd
Key West, FL 33040305-296-1184info@sweetestknights.com
Email Us
Contact Us Key West Nut House Corp.
2510 N. Roosevelt Blvd
Key West, FL 33040
305-296-1184 | Phone
Email Us
NavigateGift Baskets
Holiday Gifts
Where to Find
Checkout
Cart
Shopping Cart