http://kidsflysafe.com/privacy-policy/
Kids Fly Safe
CARES Airplane Safety Harness for Children. The only easy, FAA-approved way for small children to fly safe.
1.800.299.6249
Home
Our Products
Instructions
FAQ
Media
About Us
Contact Us
Buy Now
Become a Fan on Facebook
Follow Us on Twitter
Pin us on Pinterest
Follow us on Instagram
Sign Up for Product Updates
Email:
Privacy Policy
Privacy
KidsFlySafe.com is sensitive to the private nature of information you provide to us over the Internet. Our Privacy Policy is designed to protect your personal information while at the same time giving you the opportunity to obtain interesting and useful information, products and services.
Personal information may include your name, phone number, address and e-mail address along with other information by which you can be personally identified.
We also collect usage information from you when you visit us. Web Site usage information is not identifiable information. It describes how our Web Site is used and navigated, including the number and frequency of visitors to each Web page and the length of their stay. Web Site usage information also includes the domain names of browsers that visit our Web Site, time of day the Web Site was visited and other non-personally identifiable information.
Please contact us by e-mail at info@kidsflysafe.com if you have any further questions about our privacy policy.
Security
At KidsFlySafe.com, we believe that all Internet transactions should be convenient, reliable and secure. When you use our secure checkout you can be assured that all of your personal information remains secure. Your personal information, including your credit card number is passed to us via a secure channel called a Secure Socket Layer (SSL). This high-grade encryption ensures that no one can intercept your credit card information while it is in transit from your computer to the secure web server.
Please click here to contact us if you have any further questions about our privacy policy or to stop receiving future emails, phone calls, or other direct communications from Kids Fly Safe.
What is CARES?
CARES Overview
FAQ
What Experts Say
What Users Say
Share Your Story
Photo Gallery
Instructions
Installing CARES
Safety Videos
In-flight Documents
Cares for Special Needs Flyers
Where to Buy
Purchase Online Now
Find a Store:
USA
Canada
Europe
Australia
Asia
Middle East
Africa
Company
Our Story
About AmSafe
Contact Us
Customer Service
Dealer Information
Affiliates
Media
In the News
Press Kit
Newsletter
Featured Blogger
© 2005-2012 Kids Fly Safe. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy