https://kingwholesale.com/policies/privacy/
1-800-825-4647
Facebook
Facebook
Register
My Account
Login
Log Out
Privacy Policy
This policy was last updated on November 18, 2016
Kingwholesale.com and King Wholesale pet supplies the company, is committed to respecting your privacy. The points below illustrate how we collect and disseminate your personal information.
· We collect your name, address, phone number, email address and credit card information for the purpose of fulfilling your order. Your personal information is shared with parties that take part in the fulfillment of your order, for example, Federal Express, for package conformation and shipping.
· We also use the information you provide: name, address and email address (not phone number) to automatically send you an electronic newsletter, emails and printed catalogs from King Wholesale pet supplies. You have the option to be removed from our catalog list by using our contact form. For emails you may use the update profile or unsubscribe link.
· To further protect your privacy, all transactions are kept secure when you use any (SSL) browser compatible with Secure Sockets Layer to order our products. These browsers automatically direct you to our SSL port which scramble personal information so it remains safe as it travels the Internet. While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also do everything we can to protect your information offline. Finally, all of you information is also protected by physical security measures at our Center to further secure the information we collect.
· We use cookies to keep track of your orders, but cannot and will not use cookies to retrieve personal information about you from your computer.
If you have further questions regarding our privacy policy, please refer to the contact information available on our website which allows many options to contact us.
Notice To California Residents – Your California Privacy Rights:
Effective January 1, 2005, under California Civil Code Section 1798.83 (known as the “Shine the Light” law), if an individual who is a California resident has provided personal information to a business in connection with a business relationship that is primarily for personal, family, or household purposes, and if that business has within the immediately preceding calendar year disclosed such an individual’s personal information to a third-party and knows or should have known that such third-party used the information for its own direct marketing purposes, then that business is obligated to disclose in writing to such individual upon request, what personal information was shared and with whom it was shared. A business may comply with this law by: (i) having EITHER a published privacy policy of not sharing a customer’s personal information for third-parties’ direct marketing use unless the customer has first affirmatively opted in to such sharing OR a published privacy policy of not sharing a customer’s personal information for third-parties’ direct marketing use if the customer has opted out to prevent his/her personal information from being shared for direct marketing use; AND (ii) notifying the customer of his/her right to opt out and providing a cost-free means for the customer to exercise that right.
Any request for a disclosure required under this California law should be sent to us via our contact form  Please note that under this law, we are not required to respond to a customer’s request more than once in a calendar year, nor are we required to respond to any request that is not sent via our contact form or mailing address designated on our contact page.
This policy is subject to change without notice.
Legal Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Shipping Policy
Return Policy