http://kinvarasmokedsalmon.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Kinvara Smoked Salmon Privacy Policy
This Policy was updated on 31st October 2019.
Kinvara Smoked Salmon are completely dedicated to your total satisfaction. If you have any suggestions or comments please email us using the link on the Contact Page.
Why do we have such a comprehensive Privacy Policy?
Quite simply, we take your Privacy and security whilst visiting our website very seriously, to make sure your data is as secure as it can be.
What information do we collect?
Firstly, WE DO NOT collect any Credit Card information on our Servers and we do not have access to you Credit card details at any point of the transaction. The Credit Card transaction is handled by Stripe via their Secure Webservers. Stripe are a global company and further details can be found be clicking on this link https://stripe.com/ie/about
Personal information you provide to us while creating or updating an account (ie: name, address, telephone number, email address, billing address, ship-to address) is maintained in private files on our secure web server and on our internal systems. We also use cookies to collect product and purchase information from the pages you access or visit on our site. All data is treated with the utmost confidentiality. We do not share, rent or sell any of our customer’s information to any other individual, business or organisation.
To fulfil our obligations to you under these On-line Shopping Terms and Conditions we communicate with you by e-mail and by posting notices on the Website. You agree to receive communications from us electronically and that electronic communication will satisfy any legal requirement for communication in writing.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To process transactions:-
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
To send periodic emails:-
The email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
For Delivery Purposes:-
The email address will be passed to UPS for delivery purposes only. This will include sending you an e-mail to notify you your shipment has been dispatched and the tracking number so you may expedite your order.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information.
Do we use cookies?
Yes – Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. We use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart and understand and save your preferences for future visits. For further information regarding cookies, please visit www.aboutcookies.org
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
Absolutely not. We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline, whether collected verbally or electronically.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website by Clicking Here.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, stating the last time this Policy was updated.
© Copyright 2019 Kinvara Smoked Salmon +353 (0)91 845710 info@kinvarasmokedsalmon.com
Information Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Shipping Information & Rates
Frequently Asked Questions
Telephone: 00353 (0)91 845710
Email: info@kinvarasmokedsalmon.com
You may also use our Contact Page to send us an message
Contact Us
Join Our NewsletterWhoops, you're not connected to MailChimp. You need to enter a valid MailChimp API key.Like Us on FacebookFollow Us On TwitterTweets by @kinvara_salmon