http://kinvarasmokedsalmon.com/terms-conditions/
Terms & ConditionsYou are here:
Home
/
Terms & Conditions
Kinvara Smoked Salmon are completely dedicated to your total satisfaction. If you have any suggestions or comments please email us using the link on the Contact Page.
Our Contact details:
Kinvara Smoked Salmon
Phone:  +353 (0)91 845710
Email: info@kinvarasmokedsalmon.com
Making a Purchase
Making a purchase could not be easier. Just browse our store, and add any items that you wish to buy into the shopping cart. After you have finished your selection, click on ‘Checkout’ and you will be asked for a few details that we need to be able to complete the order. Kinvara Smoked Salmon reserves the right to refuse the sale of goods. By making a purchase on our website, you are agreeing to abide by these Terms and Conditions. To view our Privacy Policy Click Here
Currency
All Prices are in Euros. The approximate Sterling equivalent is also shown on our website. This exchange rate is calculated from information obtained via the currency conversation website http://www.xe.com this may not be the actual price you are charged due to the currency conversion rate of your Credit Card issuing financial institution. Our conversion rate is monitor daily and updated accordingly.  Our invoices are issued in Euro only.
Irish Law
These Terms and Conditions are governed by Irish Law. The place of litigation is the Republic of Ireland.
Payment
We accept all major credit cards. If you are shopping from anywhere else outside of the Eurozone, place your order and your credit card company will convert the transaction to your own currency. Do not send credit card information via e-mail. When confirmation of an order is received, this is to indicate that we have received your order. It does not indicate that a contract exists between us. We will indicate acceptance of your order, and hence a contract between us, when we send you an invoice. We have included this term to protect us in the case that a mistake has been made in pricing, we have inadvertently under-priced goods, or we are no longer able to supply a particular product for some reason. In the case of a change of price, we will always contact you first to ensure that the price is acceptable.
Gift Vouchers and E-Vouchers
A Gift Voucher is sent out via post..
Gift Vouchers are valid for 1 year from Date of Purchase.
Gift Vouchers and may be used to purchase any of the current products found on our website.
Gift Vouchers and are non-refundable and may not be exchanged for cash.
You may not purchase items on the website that total a value less than the Gift Vouchers and value.
Gift Vouchers and are Non-transferable.
Shipping and Handling
We deliver to the following countries only:
Austria
Belgium
Canada
France
Germany
Greece
Guernsey
Hong Kong
Iceland
Italy
Japan
Jersey
Latvia
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Netherlands
Portugal
Republic of Ireland
Spain
Switzerland
United Kingdom
United States
If your Country of Shipment destination is not listed above or you would like further information on shipping costs, please contact us via our Contact Us page.
We ship ONLY on a Monday, Tuesday and Wednesdays (except for bank holidays) for 2-3 day delivery to most European destinations. Other European destinations may take up to 4-5 days. We use UPS for all of our Shipping. UPS DO NOT operate on Saturdays, Sundays, National or Local Holidays.
You MUST provide us with a valid telephone number for the delivery address. Failure to do so will may result in your order not being processed and may not be delivered on time. For any special delivery instructions please use the area provided in the checkout.
A signature is required as a proof of delivery. Shipments may be subject to local custom inspections, which may incur charges and delays. These are outside of our control. Local taxes and duties must be paid by the recipient. Kinvara Smoked Salmon cannot be held responsible for any delays in overseas deliveries due to collection of these duties and taxes or delays due to customs inspections.
Please Note: Whilst we try and keep our shipping costs constant and absorb any increase couriers levy on us, we reserve the right to amend our Shipping rates at any time. If there are any changes to Shipping Rates, they will always appear here first. Please see the table below for our current Shipping Costs.
Delivery Schedule
We are not responsible for any delays in delivery due to local holidays at the destination. It is the customer’s responsibility to make sure that the scheduled delivery date does not fall on a holiday and that the delivery is not delayed by a holiday during the delivery period.
Correct address and contact phone details must be supplied. All orders must include the post code and the contact telephone number of the recipient. The courier company is not obliged to make extensive inquiries to arrange delivery.
Delays in transit are the sole responsibility of the courier company, unless the delay is are caused by the customer by providing incomplete or incorrect address details. Kinvara Smoked Salmon does not accept responsibility for such delays and will not give refunds or replacement orders. Kinvara Smoked Salmon is not responsible to any delay due to Adverse Weather Conditions, either at the point of Shipping, along the Transit Route or at the Delivery Address.
During the Christmas period standard delivery times may be affected due to the large volume increase of shipments and we cannot guarantee a delivery on the exact date requested.
The delivery charges are automatically added to the cost of the product as part of the process of submitting the order online. The delivery charges can be seen before proceeding to the checkout.
If you have provided us with an email address, it will be used by UPS to email you on the day of dispatch, to enable the customer to track the shipment.
How to Calculate Your Shipping Costs (Shipping Rates as of 11th October 2020)
There is NO minimum Weight or Quantity required to Ship any of our Products. However, we are able to heavily discount shipping to the Republic of Ireland and the UK once you have ordered products that total or are over 1kg.
You can see your Shipping Costs via the Shopping Cart. Simply enter your Country and it will show you the shipping costs when you click on update totals.
To ensure guaranteed delivery for Christmas, our LAST day for shipping this Christmas Season is:
Republic of Ireland and the UK Tuesday December 15th, 2020
Europe and the Rest of the World Monday December 14th 2020
The delivery charges are automatically added to the cost of the product as part of the process of submitting the order online. The delivery charges can be seen before proceeding to the checkout.
If you have provided us with an email address, it will be used by UPS to email you on the day of dispatch, to enable the customer to track the shipment. This applies to orders sent via DHL only.
How to Calculate Your Shipping Costs (Shipping Rates as of 11th October 2020)
There is NO minimum Weight or Quantity required to Ship any of our Products. However, we are able to heavily discount shipping to the Republic of Ireland and the UK once you have ordered products that total or are over 1kg.
You can see your Shipping Costs via the Shopping Cart. Simply enter your Country and it will show you the shipping costs. Remember you will have to over 1kg of products to qualify for the discounted shipping rates to the Republic of Ireland and the UK. You can see a breakdown of our shipping costs on our Shipping Information & Rates page by clicking here.
Back Orders
If your item is not in stock, we will back order for you. You will always be emailed with the option to cancel your order if you would rather not wait.
Import Duties/Tariffs
Please bear in mind that Shipping to the USA and Canada incurs import duties/tariff costs. these are currently €17.70 per shipment and must be paid by the recipient of the shipment.
Tax Charges
VAT is included in all the price’s contained on our website.
Credit Card Security
Firstly, WE DO NOT collect any Credit Card information on our Servers and we do not have access to you Credit card details at any point of the transaction. The Credit Card transaction is handled by Stripe via their Secure Webservers. For more information about Stripe see https://stripe.com/ie/about
For orders received online from new customers over a value of €250 that are to be shipped to a different address than the billing address, we carry out a further step to ensure the safety of our customer’s online transaction and is designed solely to protect you against fraudulent use of your Credit Card. This is standard procedure, as per our Terms & Conditions.
We post a letter to you containing a copy of your Purchase Order, your Credit Card Receipt and a Special Code to the Billing Address on the Purchase Order. When you receive this letter, send an email to info@kinvarasmokedsalmon.com with the Special Code, which will confirm all details correct, and your Order will be dispatched for delivery on the date you have selected.
If you did not make this purchase with your Credit Card, then please advise us immediately and we will cancel your order and issue a refund to your Credit Card. We also advise that you contact your financial institution that provided the card to inform them of its fraudulent use.
For Orders received online from new customers over €250 that are shipped to the same address as the billing address, we carry out a further step to ensure the safety of our customer’s online transaction and is designed solely to protect you against fraudulent use of your Credit Card. This is standard procedure, as per our Terms & Conditions.
We ask you to scan or take a photo of a recent Utility Bill or similar that contains your Name, Address and the Date (must be with 3 months of the date of order). Once we have received this confirmation, we will then arrange shipping for your chosen date of delivery.
Guarantee
We guarantee your satisfaction.
Reaching Us
If you need to reach us, please email us using the link on the Contact Page, alternatively, you can call on + 353 (0)91 845710 Privacy Policy Kinvara Smoked Salmon do not disclose buyers’ information to third parties other than when order details are processed as part of the order fulfilment. In this case, the third party will not disclose any of the details to any other third party.
Cookies are used on this shopping site to keep track of the contents of your shopping cart, to store delivery addresses if the address book is used and to store your details if you select the ‘Remember Me’ Option. They are also used after you have logged on as part of that process. You can turn off cookies within your browser by going to ‘Tools | Internet Options | Privacy’ and selecting to block cookies. If you turn off cookies, you will be unable to place orders or benefit from the other features that use cookies. Data collected by this site is used to:
Take and fulfil customer orders
Administer and enhance the site and service
The email address will be passed to UPS for delivery purposes only. This will include sending you an e-mail to notify you your shipment has been dispatched and the tracking number so you may expedite your order.
Returns Policy
Orders can be cancelled in writing, (by email, fax or letter) up to 24 hours before the scheduled shipment date. Once the goods have been dispatched, cancellation of the order and refund is not possible due to the perishable nature of the goods.
Faulty or Damaged Goods
If the goods delivered are incorrect or if they are faulty or damaged we will, at the customers discretion, either give a refund or resend the order. The complaint must be received within 5 working days.
Product Images
All Product images shown are for illustration purpose only. Actual Product Packaging may vary to shown, due to packaging enhancement and availability. This in no way whatsoever, will effect the Quality of our Smoked Salmon.
Data Protection
Any data given by the customer is used only to process orders. Credit card details are not stored, so no unauthorised person can gain access to them.
Force Majeure
We assure our customers that we will do our best to meet their requirements. Variations or cancellations may be necessary due to unforeseen circumstances such as an Act Of God, war, bad weather conditions, strike actions, labour disputes, fire, floods or other causes beyond the control of Kinvara Smoked Salmon Ltd.
Your rights to return goods are protected under the EU Distance Selling Directive which can be found at http://www.hmso.gov.uk/si/si2000/20002334.htm
© Copyright 2019 Kinvara Smoked Salmon +353 (0)91 845710 info@kinvarasmokedsalmon.com
Information Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Shipping Information & Rates
Frequently Asked Questions
Telephone: 00353 (0)91 845710
Email: info@kinvarasmokedsalmon.com
You may also use our Contact Page to send us an message
Contact Us
Join Our NewsletterWhoops, you're not connected to MailChimp. You need to enter a valid MailChimp API key.Like Us on FacebookFollow Us On TwitterTweets by @kinvara_salmon