http://kookscustomheaders.com/privacy-policy
Get Kookin' With Kooks
My Account
My Cart
FAMILY OWNED SINCE 1962
Shop By Vehicle
Shop ProductsHeadersExhaustRacingComponentsUltra-GREEN CatsAccessoriesKooks WearGift CardsAbout KooksOur HistoryOur MissionPapa Kook FundKooks RacingCorporate SponsorsProud Supporter OfCareersKooks IndustriesManufacturing Capabilities  - Tube Bending  - Forming & Fabricating Services  - Engineering Capabilities  - Laser Cutting  - CNC MachiningRequest a QuoteMedia CenterLatest NewsUpcoming EventsPhoto GalleryVideo GalleryKooks Cash GiveawayHelp & SupportFAQsContact UsWarranty InformationShipping & ReturnsCustom Build RequestSponsorship ApplicationVehicle Not Listed?Dealer Application
Dealer Application
Dealer Locator
X
Shop by Year/Make/Model
Year
2021
2020
2019
2018
2017
2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007
2006
2005
2004
2003
2002
2001
2000
1999
1998
1997
1996
1995
1994
1993
1992
1991
1990
1989
1988
1987
1986
1985
1984
1983
1982
1981
1980
1979
1978
1977
1976
1975
1974
1973
1972
1971
1970
1969
1968
1967
1966
1965
1964
1963
1962
1961
1960
1959
1958
1957
1956
1955
Make
Model
Sub Model
Engine Type
Engine Size
Shop Now
Vehicle Not Listed? Let Us Know By Clicking Here!
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is critically important to us.
It is Kooks Headers's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website. This Privacy Policy applies to https://www.kooksheaders.com (hereinafter, "us", "we", or "https://www.kooksheaders.com"). We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting personally identifiable information you may provide us through the Website. We have adopted this privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") to explain what information may be collected on our Website, how we use this information, and under what circumstances we may disclose the information to third parties. This Privacy Policy applies only to information we collect through the Website and does not apply to our collection of information from other sources.
This Privacy Policy, together with the Terms and conditions posted on our Website, set forth the general rules and policies governing your use of our Website. Depending on your activities when visiting our Website, you may be required to agree to additional terms and conditions.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Kooks Headers collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Kooks Headers's purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Kooks Headers's visitors use its website. From time to time, Kooks Headers may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Kooks Headers also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on https://www.kooksheaders.com blog posts. Kooks Headers only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Kooks Headers's websites choose to interact with Kooks Headers in ways that require Kooks Headers to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Kooks Headers gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up for a blog at https://www.kooksheaders.com to provide a username and email address.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Advertisements
Ads appearing on our website may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Kooks Headers and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Links To External Sites
Our Service may contain links to external sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy and terms and conditions of every site you visit.
We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites, products or services.
Https://www.kooksheaders.com uses Google AdWords for remarketing
Https://www.kooksheaders.com uses the remarketing services to advertise on third party websites (including Google) to previous visitors to our site. It could mean that we advertise to previous visitors who haven't completed a task on our site, for example using the contact form to make an enquiry. This could be in the form of an advertisement on the Google search results page, or a site in the Google Display Network. Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on someone's past visits. Of course, any data collected will be used in accordance with our own privacy policy and Google's privacy policy.
You can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Preferences page, and if you want to you can opt out of interest-based advertising entirely by cookie settings or permanently using a browser plugin.
Aggregated Statistics
Kooks Headers may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its website. Kooks Headers may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Kooks Headers does not disclose your personally-identifying information.
Cookies
To enrich and perfect your online experience, Kooks Headers uses "Cookies", similar technologies and services provided by others to display personalized content, appropriate advertising and store your preferences on your computer.
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Kooks Headers uses cookies to help Kooks Headers identify and track visitors, their usage of https://www.kooksheaders.com, and their website access preferences. Kooks Headers visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Kooks Headers's websites, with the drawback that certain features of Kooks Headers's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
By continuing to navigate our website without changing your cookie settings, you hereby acknowledge and agree to Kooks Headers's use of cookies.
E-commerce
Those who engage in transactions with Kooks Headers – by purchasing Kooks Headers's services or products, are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, Kooks Headers collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with Kooks Headers. Kooks Headers does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Kooks Headers may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Kooks Headers's sole discretion. Kooks Headers encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Warning / California (Proposition 65)
Proposition 65 requires businesses to provide warnings to Californians about significant exposures to chemicals that cause cancer, birth defects or other reproductive harm. These chemicals can be in the products that Californians purchase, in their homes or workplaces, or that are released into the environment. By requiring that this information be provided, Proposition 65 enables Californians to make informed decisions about their exposures to these chemicals.
Proposition 65 also prohibits California businesses from knowingly discharging significant amounts of listed chemicals into sources of drinking water.
Proposition 65 requires California to publish a list of chemicals known to cause cancer, birth defects or other reproductive harm. This list, which must be updated at least once a year, has grown to include approximately 900 chemicals since it was first published in 1987.
For more information, please visit www.p65warnings.ca.gov.
Warning / California (CARB)
California laws prohibit the use of any aftermarket exhaust part or system that modifies, removes or replaces original equipment catalysts unless the California Air Resources Board has issued an Executive Order regarding such part or system or unless the part or system is exempted by being used only on racing vehicles on closed courses. Neither Kooks Headers and Exhaust nor any of their subsidiaries make any representation that any of their parts or systems has received such an Executive Order or that any of their parts or systems conform with the racing vehicles exemption. The purchasers are entirely responsible for informing themselves of applicable California laws and to comply with those laws.
Unauthorized Vendors
Kooks products purchased through any unauthorized vendor (including but not limited to): Amazon and Maryland Speed will not be warrantied by Kooks. Likewise, returns from any unauthorized vendor will not be accepted by Kooks.
141 Advantage PlaceStatesville, NC 286771-866-586-KOOK (5665)
Newsletter Sign-up
Stay up-to-date on company and product news
Submit
Please check the captcha below, and click the check mark to sign up
Be Social With Kooks
Shop Products
Headers
Exhausts
Racing
Components
Accessories
Kooks Wear
Gift Cards
About Kooks
Media Center
Help & Support
Dealer Locator
MADE IN AMERICASINCE 1962
© 2020 Kooks Headers. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy.
Enter your email and receive
10% OFF YOUR NEXT ORDER
By submitting your email you will be signed up for our newsletter to stay up-to-date on Kooks Headers and receive product news and promotions.
Sign Up
No Thanks