https://kossars.com/privacy-policy/
We at Kossar’s appreciate your trust in us. We respect and protect the privacy of your personal information.
Information Collection
While visiting our website you may use certain services or make a purchase which will require us to collect information about you. This information could include, name, email address, mailing address, ZIP code, phone number, shopping preferences, pages visited, birth date, personal interests and a record of products purchased.
Supplying this information is entirely voluntarily by you. We also use this information to contact you if questions arise about an order you have placed.
In order to serve your needs, we may contract with companies to help us process information requests. These could include services such as, mailing houses and email service providers. These companies are in place to provide a service and protect the privacy of your information.
Using Information We Collect
This personal information will be used internally for purposes such as placing and tracking an order, order confirmation, analysis of website use, promotional offers, customized shopping experiences, and providing other services you request. We may contact you by phone, email or postal mail concerning your order.
Updating your Information
We want to be in communication with you only if you would like us to be. If you would prefer not to receive communications please contact us and include your exact full name, mailing address, email address and phone number.
Information Sharing
We have may contract with other companies to provide specialized services, such as credit card processing, name or address verification, email and catalogue distribution or promotions. These companies are contracted to respect and protect your privacy.  It is unlikely, however there is a possibility that we may disclose your personal information upon a government request, court order, or when required by law. Information will not be supplied to these agencies for marketing purposes.
Security & Privacy
Our customers’ privacy is very important to us and we take precautionary measures and use a number of advanced security encryption tools to protect the security and accuracy of your personal information.. All e-mail addresses and personal information (such as name, address, credit card number, etc.) are transmitted in an encrypted form for your protection.  We will not sell, share, or rent your personal information to third parties other than our secure credit card processing company. However, no transmission over the internet is 100% secure. As a result, although we make every effort to protect your data, we cannot guarantee or warranty the security of information you transmit to or from our web sites.
Policy Changes
Occasionally we will make changes and updates to our policies. If this occurs, we will post the new policy on our website immediately. Once posted, the new policy will take immediate effect and supersede any previously stated policy.
Questions
Please contact us if you have any questions about our Privacy Policy.