https://ktaylor-lotus.com/privacy-policy
Toggle navigation
About
Browse Inventory
For Designers
For Collectors
Contact
Privacy Policy
1. Privacy Statement
Kathleen Taylor - The Lotus Collection has created this privacy statement to demonstrate our commitment to your privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for the website https://ktaylor-lotus.com/. Kathleen Taylor - The Lotus Collection reserves the right to change this privacy statement at any time.
2. System Information
We use your IP address and browser type to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our website. This information is used to gather broad demographic information, for operation of the website and to maintain the quality of Kathleen Taylor - The Lotus Collection’s services.
3. Cookies
A "cookie" is a small piece of data that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive. Cookies do not damage your computer. We use cookies to help us provide personal services and to allow you to sign-in to our site without having to enter your name and password each time. Our site uses cookies to keep track of logins, and we may also periodically use cookies as a placeholder for a specific method or process in our system. You may have the ability to accept or decline cookies on your browser. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience this website.
4. Customer Identifiable Information
Certain functions on this site require users to give us certain contact information. This information is used to help us serve you better or process your online order; it is shared within our company but not with third parties.
5. Internal Use of Information
Our site provides a mechanism for people to send feedback and request more information. This information is not uniquely stored, but may be aggregated with other data to ensure that we properly meet users' expectations and have the necessary resources planned to accommodate future growth. The person’s contact information is also used to get in touch with the user when necessary. This information is not shared with third parties outside the company.
6. Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. This site uses a combination of firewalls, packet filters, security patches, monitoring software, and advanced cryptographic software in conjunction with a secure sockets layer to ensure your personal data is secure from unauthorized access. Only certain employees have access to the information you provide us. For example, we impose strict rules on our employees who have access either to the databases that store user information or to the servers that host our services. While we cannot guarantee that loss, misuse or alteration to data will not occur, we try to prevent such unfortunate occurrences.
7. Contacting Kathleen Taylor - The Lotus Collection
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, you can contact:
Kathleen Taylor - The Lotus Collection415-398-8115
Search Inventory
New Acquisitions
F19-1823A
I19-3301
I19-3302
ME19-6248
Browse Full Inventory
Get updates about the gallery and new items, straight to your inbox
Join our list
About Kath­leen Tay­lor-The Lotus Collection
As the leading source for decorative antique textiles in the United States, we offer high quality antique European, Asian, and Ethnic textiles including tapestries and other wall hangings, pillows, table covers and general textiles.
Contact
Gallery Address
480 Gate Five Road
Suite 109, East Deck
Sausalito, CA 94965
415-398-8115
415-516-3794 Mobile
kathleen@ktaylor-lotus.com
ktaylor-lotus.com