https://kustomkrafts.com/shop/index.php?main_page=privacy
Home
Log In
My Account
Shopping Cart
Checkout
Home ::
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
At Kustom Krafts we are concerned about your privacy.
We do not supply, provide or sell any information including email address, credit card details, billing information, names, phone numbers, or any other information you may provide to us to any third party.
Search
Advanced Search
Categories
* Cross-stitch->
* PDF Downloads->
* Crochet ->
***Discount Bin***
New Products ...
Featured Products ...
All Products ...
Information
Shipping & Returns
Privacy Notice
Contact Us
Site Map
Gift Certificate FAQ
Newsletter Unsubscribe
Reviews
This was my very first cross stitch I did from Kustom...As I was working on this project, all my friends would just...This piece is stunning worked up! It won Best of Show in...I stitched this in 2007. It always brings admiration when...I made this item for my dad. He raffeled it off for the...This cross-stitch is so real you are taken back when you...I just finished this piece. I recently retired after...I stitched this beautiful piece and gave it to my sister as...Absolutely wonderful design and NO backstitching! I have...This will be the perfect match to my very first Kustom...This is the picture I am currently working on. I can't...This one has been my first kit of KK and I'm very pleased....This design is SO beautiful! My mother was diagnosed with...I have completed 9 of these wolf patterns. BUT my family...This piece is gorgeous - much nicer when finished than the...Absolutely love this design. No backstitching! What a...Finished this project, along with the 2 polar bears in...
Currencies
US Dollar
Canadian Dollar
Shopping Cart
Your cart is empty.
New Products
Home
Template designed by Sage Fish.com. Copyright © 2020 Kustom Krafts Online Cross-stitch Shop. Powered by Zen Cart
NEW!!  Kustom Krafts has a brand new website!!!
Beautiful designs from some of the best cross stitch designers in the world, all offered in PDF format so you can download and print your pattern in minutes!