http://ladyclassic.com/return-policy/
Catalog
Press
Contact
My Cart
Free shipping on all orders over $75
Return PolicyHomeReturn Policy
About Lady Classic GolfAbout
FAQ
Testimonials
Privacy Policy
Return Policy
Contact
Returns, Refunds and Exchanges Policy
How To Return An Item
Your item must be in its original unused condition to be returned, unless there is a manufacturer defect. Your must return the item within 30 days of your purchase.
1. Please email support@ladyclassic.com to request a refund and we will assign you a tracking #.
2. Mail your returned item to:
Pocketec Inc.
Lady Classic Golf Store
50 NE Dixie Highway Suite E7
Stuart, FL 34994
3. Include in your package a signed letter stating the reason for your return and the original receipt.
Return Exceptions
Some items can not be returned if they are opened. Merchandise that has been worn, used, or altered will not be accepted for return or exchange.
Restocking Fee
All items are subject to a 10% restocking fee, this will be deducted from your refund. We also do not refund the original shipping and handling that you paid on the order.
Exchanges
If your clothing item is in like new condition, you may exchange your clothing item for a different size or color. You will not be subject to a restocking fee in this case, but you still will have to pay return shipping.
Payment Policy
Accepted Methods of Payment
Credit Card (Visa, Master Card, American Express, Discover)
Credit Card Charges
Your credit card will be charged when you place your order. If we are not able to fulfill your order for any reason your credit card will be refunded.
Shipping Policy
Turnaround
All orders are shipped within 48 hours Monday – Friday 8am – 5pm.
Carriers
We use the following carriers to deliver our orders:
USPS
UPS
FedEx
DHL
Order Tracking
If a tracking # is provided by the shipping carrier, we will update your order with the tracking information. Please note that some orders using 1st Class USPS mail will not have tracking numbers.
Shipping Rates
The rate charged for the shipping of your order is based on the weight of your products, and your location. Before the final checkout page you will be shown what the cost of shipping will be, and you will have a chance to not place your order if you decide not to.
Back Orders
If an item goes on back order we will ship you the part of your order that is in stock. When the item becomes available we will ship you the rest of your order. You will not be charged any additional shipping and handling for the second shipment.
Sign up to receive monthly Specials & Discounts
First
Last
Email
Submit
I give Pocketec Inc. permission to send me email about new products, services and special offers. We respect your privacy.