https://larriannessmallwonders.com/shop/index.php?main_page=privacy
Home | Mobile Site |
Miniatures
A Designer Line by Maritza +
A Very Merry Christmas
Art by
Gilbert Mena
Bakery & Sweets
Childrens Corner
Clothing by Carole Sahlstrand
Country Furniture
Drinks by Marilyn Taylor
Florals Arrangements
Garden Delights
Half Inch Scale
Holidays
Halloween +
Home Accents and Furniture
Ladies Boudoir and Essentials
Men's Essentials
Miscellaneous Fun Minis
Music Instruments
Natasha
Sewing basket
SILVER AND OTHER FINE MINIATURES
The Art of Randell Zadar
Western Cowboy
Featured Products ...
All Products ...
Featured  [more]
A painting by Gilbert Mena
Classes
Our Store
Home >
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
Information Collection and Use
Information collected on this site will not be sold, shared or rented to others.
Order
We request information from customers on our order form. Here customers must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill customer’s orders. If we have trouble processing an order, this contact information is used to get in touch with a customer.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the customer’s hard drive containing information about the user. For instance, by setting a cookie on our site, users will not have to provide address details each time they order and the shopping basket can remember products purchased at an earlier time. Cookies are stored on the customer’s computer only. We have no access to their content.
Log Files
We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Links
This website may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our website and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
Security
The security of your information is very important to us. We use the 128-bit Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology to protect the security of your online order information. SSL technology encrypts your order information to protect it from being decoded by anyone other than Larrianne's Small Wonders. Once you enter the checkout page your computer will begin communicating with our server in secure mode. You can tell that you are in secure mode by the following:
The "http" in the web address will be replaced by "https"
Depending on the browser, you may see a padlock in the lower section for the browser window, also indicating that you are in a secure mode.
Only browsers that use the 128-bit Secure Socket Layer technology are able to order through the Larrianne's Small Wonders site. If your browser does not support SSL, or you get an error message, you can get an upgrade at Microsoft's or Firefox's home page for further information. If you have any questions about the security of our website, please send us an email.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on our main page so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by email. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
Search
Advanced Search
Customer Service
Shipping & Returns
Privacy Notice
Contact Us
Home
::
Links
::
Our Store
::
Contact
Larrianne's Small Wonders
3457 Telegraph Road
Ventura, California 93003
Tel: 805-289-1508 Cell 805 856-8227
Store Hours -
Temporary Hours due to the Coronavirus
Mondays and Saturdays: 10 to 5
Monday to Saturday: 10 to 5
Closed Sundays
Copyright © 2020 Larrianne's Small Wonders. Designed by Anne Gerdes Web Design