http://lascolaser.com/magento/terms-and%20-conditions.html
Terms
and Conditions
Price
Match - LascoLaser.com reserves the right to match all competitors’
quotes. Price match is valid for 10 days after purchase. Price match
terms required for price match – Copy of price quote must be faxed
or emailed to LascoLaser.com for review. Quote must clearly show pricing,
method of shipping, shipping destination and all promotional items included.
All price match items are for new equipment only with full factory warranty.
Shipping
– Free UPS Ground Shipping on all orders for both the United States
and Canada over 199.00 USD. For all order under a 199.00 USD there will
be a shipping charge. When Free Next Day Air shipping is applied and
the bill to address and the ship to address is different, we have to
pursue additional credit card verification before products can be shipped
out. Shipping maybe delayed until verification can be confirmed.
Free Next Day Air Shipping only apply's to the United States
shipping addresses on specified items.
Free Next Day Air Shipping in the United States does not include Saturday
or Sunday.
Free
Ground to the U.S and Canada does not apply to packages that are oversized
and over 40 pounds.
Shipping charges reflect costs for the U.S. continuous states. Hawaii and Alaska shipping costs may be extra.
Order Verification - In order to protect you from
credit card fraud or identity theft, all orders will be verified before
shipping. All orders may require 24-48 hour period of time for normal
verification purposes. If we can't verify the correct information, there
will be a delay in processing of your order. We will notify you by phone
or email if that should be the case.
All orders placed with a credit card, must submit the billing address
of the credit card (where you receive your monthly credit card statement).
If the billing address is a P.O. Box we will require shipping to your
residence or business address and that address must be listed with directory
assistance.
Product
Satisfaction - Everything sold on this site is tested and Calibrated
before it is shipped. We hold the highest standards of the products and
the manufacturers. If there is a problem with the unit we will find it,
before you get the product. With being a full in-house repair facility
we can repair everything for all of the products we sell.
Privacy
Policy Any and all customer information will not be distributed
outside of Lasco, Inc. We do not like our personal information shared,
so we do not distribute our customers. For our full Privacy Policy click on this link
Privacy Policy.
Links - This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that
we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such
other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our
site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects
personally identifiable information.
Security
– Our website is 128bit secure. We hold our own (not shared) SSL
128bit Certificate (Thawte). Credit Card information is removed from our
system as soon as your order is processed. All Master Card, Visa and American
Express transactions are run through our own systems and will show on
customer’s credit card statement as Lasco, Inc. We screen
diligently for credit card fraud and are “Fraud Savvy.”
Returns
– Lasco, Inc. will allow only 14 days from time of delivery to return
any product purchased on www.lascolaser.com. Inspect the merchandise when
it arrives, and if you're not fully satisfied you can return it for a
full refund (less a 15% restocking fee and the shipping charge) as long as you haven't used it.
You'll need the original manufacturers labled packaging with all materials,
manuals and blank warranty cards. After
14 days we reserve the right to deny returns.
Please Contact Lasco for a RMA Number.
Packages will not be accepted without it.
In fairness,
we will expect you to pay the shipping and handling charges, and we will
pay the replacement-shipping fee.
Merchandise returned without authorization or in used condition or not
in its original packaging will be refused, and the carrier will chanrge
you freight in both directions. All returns will be subject to inspection
prior to credits. Returns must be in new condition for credit.
Damaged in Delivery - We package carefully so that your
merchandise arrives ready to give you years of enjoyment. For your own
protection do not sign for merchandise until you've inspected for damage.
If you've found damage or if merchandise is missing, please keep the
original shipping carton and contact your local United Parcel Sevice office
for a Damage Inspection Report. UPS will issue a Damage Call TAg. Contact
our Sales department with the Damage Call Tag number and we'll arrange
for reorder or credit.
Please don't return the merchandise without going through these steps,
because it will delay replacement of your order or the issuance of credit.
Defective Merchandise - If you have problems with any
item, call or email our Sales Department with your invoice number. We're
available by phone from 8:00 am - 6:00 pm Eastern time Monday through
Friday, at 866-374-5428. Our email address is sales@lascolaser.com.
Order Cancellations - You may cancel your order before
it's shipped for any reason. You'll receive a full refund. Please call
our Sales department at 866-374-5428. Sales are available from 8:00 am
- 6:00 pm EST Monday - Friday.
If merchandise has already been shipped you will have to pay all of the
shipping and handling charges.
If we've specially ordered merchandise for you, it's non-cancelable.
Coupon Code - When a coupon code discount is offered, free
next day air does not apply. If the product is over $199.00 it is eligible
for free ground shipping.
International
Shipping - Lasco Ships to the Following Countries:
Antigua
and Barbuda, Argentina, Aruba, Australia, Austria, Bahrain, Barbados,
Belgium, Bermuda, Bhutan, Bosnia and Herzegowina, Brazil, British Virgin
Islands, Bulgaria, Cambodia, Canada, Cayman Islands, Chile, China, Colombia,
Costa Rica, Croatia, Cyprus, Denmark, Dominica, Ecuador, El Salvador,
Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Gilbratar, Greece, Greenland, Grenada,
Guatemala, Honduras, Hong Kong, Hungary, India, Ireland, Israel, Italy,
Jamaica, Japan, Jordan, Kazakhstan, Korea, Republic of, Korea, Latvia,
Liberia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Mexico, Monaco, Netherlands,
New Zealand, Norway, Panama, Peru, Puerto Rico, Philipines, Poland,Portugal,
Puerto Rico, Singapore, Slovakia, South Africa, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland,
Thailand, Trinidad and Tobago, United Arab Emirates, United Kingdom(Great
Britain), United States, Uruguay and the Virgin Islands.
Special Note for International Purchases: All International
orders may be subject to import fees, duty customs, brokerage, VAT charges
or additional taxes when the package arrives in the country of their
shpping destination. Lascolaser.com is not responsible nor can we offer
any specific advice on fees or additional taxes that you may be charged
when your merchandise arrives.
We
cannot make refunds to customers who do not receive shipments because
they have declined to pay these import fees,
duty customs, brokerage, VAT charges or additional taxes.
We recommend
that you contact the appropriate government agency for your country/locale
before placing your order and ask for information about these potential
charges, so you know in advance what your total charges will be.
Wire Transfer fees: Anyone that pays with a wire transfer
to our account will be subject to a wire transfer fee of $25.
AlternativeMethods for Ordering Products - All orders
placed via this website are secure. This means that your credit card
numbers and all other sensitive information will be protected by encryption.
Nevertheless, you may still place orders the "old fashion"
way if you like.
By
Mail: Please
send a letter. Specify item number, name, quantity, and enclose check
or credit card number with the expiration date and cid number. Please
include a daytime phone number so we can reach you if there is a question.
Send to our address at:
Lasco,
Inc. Laser & Instrument Company
3220 Jefferson Ave. SE
Grand Rapids, MI 49548
By Phone: Call TOLL-FREE 1-866-374-5428 Monday through
Friday between 8:00 am and 6:00 pm
By Fax: Fax your order 24 hours a day
to (616)949-2137
E-Mail: sales@lascolaser.com
Corporate and Government Sales
Purchase Orders - all recognized government agencies,
schools and universities may order throught an open account, if accompanied
by an original purchase order.
Bid Information - We invite and price quotations for
prompt and direct attention.
LascoLaser.com
figures all times based on 8:00 am to 6:00 pm EST business hours. All
UPS shipped will be sent out at our daily pickup time of 5:00pm EST.
Most all orders are shipped same day. Some orders may take 2 to 3 days.
If
you have any questions please contact us at:
866-374-5428 Or sales@lascolaser.com