http://lbemuoil.com/privacy-policy
Home / Privacy Policy Privacy PolicyThank you for visiting EmuOil.com, a brand name owned and operated by LB Processors, LLC. We’ve prepared the information below in hopes that your experience on our site is one you’ll want to repeat again and again. We encourage you to contact us if you have questions concerning any of our policies.COPYRIGHT STATEMENTSSite Content This Web site is expressly owned and operated by LB Processors, LLC. The contents of our site are intended solely for your personal, noncommercial use. Any use of our web site and its content for purposes other than personal and noncommercial is prohibited without the prior written permission of LB Processors, LLC. Do not reproduce, publish, display, modify, sell, or distribute any of the materials from EmuOil.com. You may, however, download or electronically copy and print any of the page contents displayed on the site for your personal, noncommercial use only. Should you choose to download, copy, or forward any site materials via e-mail, no right, title, or interest in those materials will be transferred to you.Other Copyrights LB Processors, LLC is proud of the distinguished products we are able to present to you through our web sites. Each of the various trademarks, product names, company names, and corporate identities represented EmuOil.com are the property of their individual owner-companies.DISCLAIMERSTechnical Issues Given the unpredictability of technology and the online environment, LB Processors, LLC does not warrant that the function or operation of this or any of our other web sites will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that this site or the servers that make it available will be free of viruses or other harmful elements. As a visitor to, and user of this site, you assume full responsibility for any costs associated with servicing of equipment used in connection with use of our site. As a visitor to and a user of this site, you, in effect, agree that your access will be subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this legal notice and that access is undertaken at your own risk. LB Processors, LLC shall not be liable for damages of any kind related to your use of or inability to access this site.Product Display We make every effort to display the products featured on EmuOil.com as accurately as possible. However, the colors we use, as well as the display and color capabilities of your particular computer monitor, will greatly affect the colors you actually see on the screen. LB Processors, LLC cannot be held responsible for the limitations of your monitor and cannot guarantee that your monitor’s display of any color, texture, or detail of actual merchandise will be accurate.In order for you to view the intricate details of some of our products, we provide enlarged and details views. Images used on the site do not represent actual size of the product. The size and weight of each item is stated in the item description.Should you have any questions concerning the availability of a particular item, please contact us.Site Errors We make every effort to present the most recent, accurate, and reliable information on our websites at all times. However, there may be occasions when some information featured on our sites may contain incomplete data, typographical errors, or inaccuracies. Any errors are wholly unintentional and we apologize if erroneous information is reflected in merchandise price or item availability, or in any way affects your individual order. Please be aware that we present our content ‘as is’ and make no claims to its accuracy, either expressed or implied. We reserve the right to amend errors or to update product information at any time without prior notice.Site Changes Our goal is to keep our web sites fresh and exciting by adding merchandise as new items come our way and deleting merchandise as limited supplies are exhausted. We create timely editorial to replace content that becomes out-dated or out-of-season, move and expand portions of the site in an effort to bring you more, and will continue to increase our services to you as technologies improve.We cannot guarantee that something you saw on a previous visit will still be present on our web site when you visit again. We reserve the right to make changes to our web site without prior notice. Should you be unable to locate some particular article of content or piece of merchandise that caught your attention on a previous visit to our site, please contact us and we’ll make every effort to fulfill your requests whenever possible.SECURITY POLICYEncrypted Transmissions EmuOil.com utilizes the industry’s highest standard of data encryption and positive identification technology to ensure that your online shopping experience is safe and secure. Security measures are triggered automatically with your order. Your order will be submitted only if your computer and our server are communicating in a secure mode.Security measures are employed throughout our web site, wherever you’ve been asked to submit information. We employ the industry’s most stringent security technology to encrypt sensitive information, including your contact information and credit card number. If you prefer to complete your order by phone rather than online, please call us at 1-877-368-6454. Please review our Privacy Policy below to find out exactly how your personal information is handled.Positive Identification Before your personal information is transmitted to us, your browser will make a positive identification that communication is being conducted with EmuOil.com. Your browser will notify you prior to the transmission of sensitive information if the connection looks suspicious. Only upon authentication of a secure connection to EmuOil.com will your order be processed online. This authentication by your browser takes place after you select “Purchase” and before your order is actually submitted.Follow Up Measures Once your order is transmitted, your encrypted information is automatically transferred via a secure connection to a secure server that is not accessible to anyone online. Your order is then processed internally; no one but our order processors will have access to your information.Credit Card Fraud Protection Please contact your credit card company about its specific refunds policies. Our customer service representatives will do all they can to resolve such situations quickly with the least amount of inconvenience to you.PRIVACY POLICYWe want you to know how we handle the information you send us via the Internet. The Internet is a dynamic, continually changing environment. Within that spirit of dynamism, our Privacy Policy will evolve and change.We strive to keep you informed by updating this Privacy Policy as our procedures change. This Policy was established on May 11th, 2010. We invite you to review our Policy regularly to stay informed.To make your visit to EmuOil.com more productive, to improve our web site and to tailor your future visits to your preferences, we collect certain visitor information.Automatic Collection Our Web server automatically recognizes only the visitor’s domain name (not the e-mail address). The visitor’s browser and platform type (e.g., Firefox browser on a Microsoft platform) are recorded.Cookies We use cookies to:record the visitor’s session information (such as the visitor’s shopping selections when ordering)record user-specific information on the pages the visitor selects for viewingE-mail Addresses When visitors send us e-mail, we retain their e-mail address. We retain the e-mail addresses of those visitors who give us their e-mail addresses when they place orders. We may contact visitors by their e-mail address to confirm an on-line order or respond to a sender’s e-mail query. Visitors may also elect to receive information about upcoming sales events or request other types of notifications.Visitor-Keyed Information We retain information provided by our visitor, such as registration information, transaction information (e.g., dates on which customers made purchases, amounts and types of purchases) and contact information (e.g., name, address, phone number). Our visitor also has the ability to correct inaccuracies in keyed contact information. On request with verification, we will give the visitor a reminder with unique identifier information (e.g., customer number or password).Telephone Numbers Visitors who give us their telephone numbers on-line will only receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders they have placed on-line.Third-Party Access We use a credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services. This company does not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.We may partner with another party to provide specific services. When the user signs up for these services, we will share names, or other contact information that is necessary for the third party to provide these services.These parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services.Tell-A-Friend If a user elects to use our referral service for informing a friend about our site, we ask them for the friend’s name and email address. LB Processors, LLC will automatically send the friend an email inviting them to visit the site and the option to elect not to receive other information from us. LB Processors, LLC stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this email. The friend may contact LB Processors, LLC at info@lbprocessors.com to request the removal of this information from our database.Special Offers We send all new users a welcoming email to verify password and username. Established members will occasionally receive information on products, services, and special deals. Out of respect for the privacy of our users we present the option to not receive these types of communications. Please see our choice and opt-out section for details.Site and Service Updates We may send the user site and service announcement updates. Members are not able to un-subscribe from service announcements, which contain important information about the service. We communicate with the user to provide requested services and in regards to issues relating to their account via email or phone.Correction/Updating Personal Information If a user’s personally identifiable information changes (such as your address), or if a user no longer desires our service, we will endeavor to provide a way to correct, update or remove that user’s personal data provided to us. This can usually be done at the “my account” page or by emailing our Customer Support at info@lbprocessors.com.Choice/Opt-out Our users are given the opportunity to ‘opt-out’ of having their information used for purposes not directly related to our site at the point where we ask for the information. For example, our order form has an ‘opt-out’ mechanism so users who buy a product from us, but don’t want any marketing material, can keep their email address off of our lists.Users who no longer wish to receive our newsletter or promotional materials from our partners may opt-out of receiving these communications by replying with unsubscribe in the subject line in the email or email us at info@lbprocessors.com. Ad Servers LB Processors, LLC does not have arrangements with any ad server companies for this Web site.Security We use industry-standard encryption technologies when transferring and receiving customer data exchanged with our site server. All other data transfer is conducted through a secure phone line.Children’s On-line Privacy We ask that children do not submit information to us without the consent of a parent or guardian. The Children’s On-line Privacy Protection Act took effect April 21, 2000 and pertains to Web sites directed toward children less than 13 years of age. EmuOil.com does not attempt to collect information on any person under 13 years old.Disclosure If required by law, court order or in the good faith belief that disclosure is otherwise advisable, we may disclose your information.Notification of Changes If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on our site so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by way of an email. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.Should you have any questions concerning a submission, please contact us.