http://ldcomfort.com/privacy_statement.html
LDComfort stays dry on the inside. Please use a TAPE MEASURE to find your correct size. 100% Made in the USA! Covid-19 Announcement: LDComfort is returning our operation to manufacturing our riding gear after making multiple thousands of PPE for Medical Providers and First Responders. We have caught up with current orders and ship daily. You may still, help the cause and buy your Covid-19 mask at WWW.GHUNDERSUSA.COM
Home
Privacy Statement
LDComfort understands and respects the privacy of the users of its web site. To aid our users, we adhere to the following privacy policies.
Logs
When you visit the LDComfort web site, our site host makes a record of your visit and logs the following anonymous information for statistical purposes the user's server address, the user's top level domain name (for example .com, .gov, .ca, .uk etc), the date and time of visit to the site, the pages accessed and documents downloaded, search engine if applicable, and the type of browser used. The statistical information we gather will be used to help us improve the Web site's accessibility and navigability. No attempt will be made to identify users or their browsing activities except, in the unlikely event of an investigation, where a law enforcement agency may exercise a warrant to inspect the Internet Service Provider's logs.
Links
The LDComfort.com web site may contain links to other sites. LDComfort is not responsible for the content and the privacy practices of other web sites and encourages you to examine each site's privacy policy and make your own decisions regarding the accuracy, reliability and correctness of material and information found.
E-Mail
We will record your e-mail address only if you create an account, purchase a product or send us a message. It will be used for replying to you directly and it will be added to LDComfort's mailing list only if you request inclusion. We will not use your e-mail address for any other purpose, and will not disclose it to any third party without your consent.
Changes and Deletions
If at any time you wish to be removed from LDComfort's mailing list, or wish to view, update, alter or delete any information we may have on you in our contacts database, please call us on 1-888-642-7091.
We do not use any external identifiers to uniquely identify our contacts. LDComfort allows anonymous interaction wherever it is practical and does not transfer personal information internationally.
If you have a complaint regarding online privacy, please contact us at:
LDComfort
717 K St.
Hoquiam, WA 98550
Local Phone 1-360-539-2043
Toll Free Phone 1-888-642-7091
FAX 1-360-612-0253
Bestsellers
Men's Riding Shorts
Top Long Sleeve Mock Turtleneck
Men's Riding Tights
Drymax Socks Work Boot Over Calf - Black
Authentication
Sign in
Register
Forgot password?