http://leannelainefineart.com/pages/privacy-policy
Home
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
We can be reached via e-mail at info@leannelainefineart.com
For visitors who create an account with us, we do not share, sell, or provide any information to any third party source. Visitor and client information is kept strictly confidential and is only used for our administrative purposes in processing customer orders or sending e-newsletters to those opting to receive them.
E-newsletters are sent to those who have opted-in only. If at any time you wish to cease receiving e-newsletters from us, please send an email to the above address and we will remove you from our e-newsletter list. You may also log into our website at any time and revise the preferences in your account.
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes only the customer's domain name, but not the e-mail address (where possible).
We collect only the domain name, but not the e-mail address of visitors to our Web page, the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations, name and address, telephone number.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address, calling us at the above telephone number, writing to us at the above address.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by calling us at the number provided above, e-mailing us at the above address, writing to us at the above address.
Please provide us with your exact name and address. We will be sure your name is removed from the list we share with other organizations.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line will only receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders they have placed on-line.
With respect to Ad Servers: We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will contact you before we use your data for these new purposes to notify you of the policy change and to provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses.
Customers may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by e-mailing us at the above address, calling us at the above telephone number, writing to us at the above address.
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to all information [including proprietary information] that we maintain about them, unique identifier information (e.g., customer number or password) that we maintain about them, transaction information (e.g., dates on which customers made purchases, amounts and types of purchases) that we maintain about them, communications that the consumer/visitor has directed to our site (e.g., e-mails, customer inquiries), contact information (e.g., name, address, phone number) that we maintain about them .
Consumers can access this information by e-mail us at the above address, write to us at the above address.
Consumers can have this information corrected by sending us e-mail at the above address, calling us at the above telephone number, writing to us at the above address.
With respect to security: We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number, state or local chapters of the Better Business Bureau, state or local consumer protection office.
Newsletter
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Follow Us