https://lebanonpostcard.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Home/Privacy Policy
Privacy Policyjasoneldebs2018-09-29T18:14:40+03:00
Lebanon Post Card
Online Privacy Statement
(Last Updated October 1, 2018)
We value your privacy and safeguarding your personal information. We are committed to using our customers’ information only in a responsible manner. We are committed to respecting your privacy and adhering to the principles of applicable data protection and privacy laws.
This Online Privacy Statement is an explanation of the information we collect, how we use it, and how the use of this information can benefit your experience on our websites and during your relationship with us. The information outlined below will assist you in making informed decisions while doing business with us.
In order to provide multiple access points to the services and products we offer, Lebanon Post Card operates directly, or through its affiliates, subsidiaries, or service providers, many websites, including www.Lebanonpostcard.com, and other websites listed here (individually, “Website” and collectively, “Websites”.)
Lebanon Postcard is fully committed to providing you with information about the collection and use of personally identifiable information furnished by, or collected from, visitors while using its Websites and services. Lebanon Post Card collects information about its customers and visitors to its Websites so that it can provide an experience that is responsive to customers’ and visitors’ needs.
Method of Collection of Information
Lebanon Postcard does not collect personally identifiable information when you browse the Lebanon Post Card Websites unless you voluntarily and knowingly provide such information. Google analytics tools will be used to access your browser cookies and collect technical information such as user behavior on the website.
When we do need to collect personally identifiable information from you, we will ask you, your relocation company or travel agency to voluntarily supply us with the information we need. For example, if you would like to make a reservation at one of our properties, we will ask you for information such as name, address, telephone number, email address, credit card number and room preference to process your reservation. We may collect this information directly from you by telephone, fax, email, at the counter, upon completion of an application or enrollment form, or through your use of the Theressidence649.com website.
Types Of Information
The types of personally identifiable information that we collect may include your name, home, work, and email addresses, telephone and fax numbers, credit card information, date of birth, gender, and lifestyle information, such as room preferences, leisure activities, and other information necessary to fulfill special requests.
You may be offered the choice not to submit your personal information or to decide what communications you want to receive from us. However, doing so may cause certain transactions to become affected. For example, failure to provide your name will prevent the processing of reservations.
Use of Information
Lebanon Postcard will never sell your information to third parties or allow its use in any manner except with the purpose to reasonably ensure and permit the business relationship that you wish to establish with Lebanon Post Card.
Lebanon Postcard may disclose your information to others with that purpose in the following ways:
when we have received your written consent to do so;
when you voluntarily choose to include personally identifiable information in a publicly accessible area of a Website (e.g., public profile);
we may use “cookies” information and “automatically collected” information to: (a) personalize our services, such as remembering your information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the Websites; (b) provide customized third-party advertisements, content, and information; (c) monitor and analyze the effectiveness of the Websites and third party marketing activities; (d) monitor aggregate site usage metrics such as total number of visitors and pages viewed; and (e) track your entries, submissions, and status in any promotions or other activities.
when we report to credit card issuers, credit reporting and fraud checking agencies and debt collection agencies, but only to the extent necessary to comply with contractual agreements;
if you choose to do business with us through, or with the assistance of, your employer’s or any third party’s travel agent, relocation company or other intermediary, we may disclose personally identifiable data about you to the employer or other intermediary to make, modify or cancel a reservation made by or with the assistance of the agent, to respond to questions or comments made by the agent on your behalf, to facilitate any other task that the employer or intermediary advises us that you intend for the agent to fulfill, or that such an agent would, as a matter of industry practice, typically fulfill;
in situations where sharing or disclosing your information is required in order to offer you services you desire, but only in the event we advise you of our intention to share such information;
when companies or service providers that perform business activities on behalf of Lebanon Post Card require such information (e.g., credit card processing, customer support services or database management services)
to comply with legal or regulatory requirements or obligations in accordance with applicable law or court order, judicial or other government subpoena or warrant, and otherwise in our good faith belief that disclosure is necessary or appropriate to satisfy any law, regulation or other governmental request, to operate any Website properly, or to protect or defend our rights or the rights or well-being of our employees, users or others or if you are involved (or are suspected by governmental authorities or our security functions to be involved) in any illegal activity.
Use of Email
We will use your email address to send a confirmation and, if necessary, may use the other information to contact you for help in processing the reservation. We also may use your email address to:
send you pre-arrival confirmation details;
notify you about special offers and promotions;
communicate emergency or crisis-related information
send you copies of your bills when you request them; and
send you periodic satisfaction or market research surveys.
Consent
As part of our commitment to keep you informed, we may contact you via mail, email, telephone, text message, or by other means to confirm your departure date, ensure your customer satisfaction, notify you of new Lebanon Post Card products and services, or upcoming Lebanon Post Card enhancements, or other relevant information that may be of interest to you. You may also receive mailings or other communications from carefully selected partners, such as our referral partners or our customer satisfaction surveyors. We may offer you the option to decline any or all of these communications by following the directions included in our emails or other communications, or by contacting Lebanon Post Card directly.
The Website is hosted in the United States and is intended for visitors inside Lebanon & Internationally. If you choose to use any Website from the European Union or other regions of the world with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from Lebanese law, then please note that you are transferring your personally identifiable information outside of those regions to Lebanon & to the USA due to Google & data hosting,  for storage and processing, and by providing your personally identifiable information on any website you consent to that transfer, storage, and processing. Lebanon Post Card may limit the availability of any Website or any service or product described on any Website to any person or geographic area at any time.
Access
It is Lebanon Postcard’s intent and one of our missions to keep your personal information accurate, complete, and up to date for the purposes for which it is used. You can help us ensure that your contact information and preferences are accurate and complete, you can contact us with the request to correct, update, delete or deactivate it either by emailing our us or by contacting us by telephone or postal mail at the contact information listed below. Please provide your full name and street address and telephone number on your request.
To update or change your information or to opt-out of receiving marketing material:
Follow directions on a marketing e-mail or direct mail communication from us, or Call, or Send an email with your current contact information to info@Lebanonpostcard.com, or Send a request with your current contact information to:
Lebanon Postcard
Cookies
Lebanon Postcard may use cookies, pixel tags or Web beacons to obtain information while visiting our websites.
A cookie is a very small text file that is sent to your browser from a Web server and stored on your computer’s or mobile device’s hard drive. It assigns the computer with a unique identifier, which in turn, becomes your identification card whenever you return to Lebanon Post Card Website.
Cookies are designed to save you time because they help us provide a customized experience tailored just for you without having to remind us of your preferences each time you return to our websites. Lebanon Post Card cookies are not designed to damage your files, nor can they read information from other files on your computer hard drive.
Web Beacons
Lebanon Post Card also uses pixel tags, sometimes called Web beacons, to count how many people visit certain Web pages. Information collected from invisible pixels is used and reported in the aggregate and does not contain personally identifiable information. Lebanon Post Card may use this information to improve marketing programs and content.
You will also submit your personal information at our Contact us section – or Current Openings by email or at Lebanonpostcard.com. Your resume and any other personal information submitted there are provided directly to the Lebanon Post Card HR department and may be shared with Lebanon Post Card hiring manager(s). Any such information that is shared with Lebanon Post Card will be maintained in accordance with Lebanon Post Card ‘s own privacy policy.
Contact Us
Lebanon Postcard takes its users’ privacy concerns seriously. If you have comments or questions regarding Lebanon Post Card’s data privacy practices or this Online Privacy Statement or you would like to update your information, modify your communication preferences, or if you do not want to receive marketing communications from Lebanon Post Card in the future, you can contact us at:
Lebanon Postcard
Email: info@Lebanonpostcard.com
Telephone: + 961 3 348919
Changes and Updates to this Online Privacy Statement
Please revisit this page periodically to stay aware of any changes to this Online Privacy Statement, which may be revised periodically at our sole discretion. If we modify this Online Privacy Statement, we will make it available through the Websites, and indicate the date of the latest revision. In the event that the modifications materially alter your rights or obligations hereunder, we will make reasonable efforts to notify you of the change. For example, we may send a message to your e-mail address, if we have one on file, or generate a pop-up or similar notification when you sign-in to any Website for the first time after such material changes are made. Our amended Online Privacy Statement will automatically take effect 30 days after it is made available through the Websites, except that (i) we generally only use your personally identifiable information in the manner described in the Online Privacy Statement in effect when we received that information and (ii) if you do not agree with any changes to the Online Privacy Statement, you may terminate your account. Your continued use of any Website after the revised Online Privacy Statement has become effective indicates that you have read, understood and agreed to the current version of the Online Privacy Statement…
Effective Date
This Privacy Policy is effective with respect to all data that we have collected since the date we started collecting data, which was Octobert 1, 2018.
Copyright © 1997 - 2019 LebanonPostcard.com  - All Rights Reserved - Privacy Policy  - Sitemap