https://lilycreek.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Who we are
Our website address is: https://lilycreek.com.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you visit our login page, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
Who we share your data with
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Your contact information
Additional information
How we protect your data
What data breach procedures we have in place
What third parties we receive data from
What automated decision making and/or profiling we do with user data
Industry regulatory disclosure requirements
Office Hours
Mon.-Fri. 9am-4pm
Tell me how I'm doing
You must be logged in to submit a review.
Testimonials
5.0 rating
Karen continues to far exceed our expectations. She built us a gorgeous website complete with custom order forms in 3 weeks time. We were blown away by the quality and speed of her work. A+
5.0 rating
After our experiences with programmers in Sweden, we decided to turn abroad to get help. It was a long shot, because we did not know what to expect. But Karen has stretched her limits to satisfy us in every way with our goals and with our website We have experienced a fast instantaneous email response as well as Skype conversations which has surprised us in a very positive way. Karen REALLY strives to see her clients succeed.
Maria & Linda; –Sweden
5.0 rating
We’ve been with you
for several years now, I just wanted to tell you we are really impressed with the quality of service and support you provide. You keep our website and email running great and when we need help we have always been able to depend on you to be there for us.
5.0 rating
I can’t believe your prices, they’re fantastic. And I was very impressed with the friendly and thorough training I received when I joined. When I decided to start my Internet business I was expecting it to cost much more and take a lot of work. Your system had me up and running so fast I could’nt believe it. Thank you so much for everything. Los Angelas California, USA
5.0 rating
I don’t know what I’d do without you. You are always there to help me when I need you. I’ll never go anywhere else!
Reiki Master – Chicago IL
All Reviews
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
5
5.0 rating
5 out of 5 stars (based on 9 reviews)
Karen continues to far exceed our expectations. She built us a gorgeous website complete with custom order forms in 3 weeks time. We were blown away by the quality and speed of her work. A+
Copyright 1998 – 2020
All Rights Reserved
www.lilycreek.com
@rtfully Karen lee