https://lilycreek.com/terms-of-service/
Skip to content
Please read these terms of service (“terms”, “terms of service”) carefully before using [website] website (the “service”) operated by [name] (“us”, ‘we”, “our”).
Conditions of Use
We will provide the services to you subject to the conditions stated below in this document. Every time you visit this website, use its services or make a purchase, you accept the following conditions. This is why we urge you to read them carefully.
Privacy Policy
Before you continue using our website we advise you to read our privacy policy regarding our user data collection. It will help you better understand our practices.
Copyright
Content published on this website (digital downloads, images, texts, graphics, logos) is the property of [name] and/or its content creators and protected by international copyright laws. The entire compilation of the content found on this website is the exclusive property of [name], with copyright authorship for this compilation by [name].
Communications
The entire communication with us is electronic. Every time you send us an email or visit our website, you are going to be communicating with us. You hereby consent to receive communications from us. If you subscribe to the news on our website, you are going to receive regular emails from us. We will continue to communicate with you by posting news and notices on our website and by sending you emails. You also agree that all notices, disclosures, agreements and other communications we provide to you electronically meet the legal requirements that such communications be in writing.
Applicable Law
By visiting this website, you agree that the laws of Sequatchie County TN, without regard to principles of conflict laws, will govern these terms of service, or any dispute of any sort that might come between LilyCreek.com, it’s owners and you, or its business partners and associates.
Disputes
Any dispute related in any way to your visit to this website or to services you purchase from us shall be arbitrated by the  Sequatchie County TN Courts, and you consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue of such courts.
Comments, Reviews, and Emails
Visitors may post content as long as it is not obscene, illegal, defamatory, threatening, infringing of intellectual property rights, invasive of privacy or injurious in any other way to third parties. Content has to be free of software viruses, political campaign, and commercial solicitation.
We reserve all rights (but not the obligation) to remove and/or edit such content. When you post your content, you grant Lilycreek.com non-exclusive, royalty-free and irrevocable right to use, reproduce, publish, modify such content throughout the world in any media.
License and Site Access
We grant you a limited license to access and make personal use of this website. You are not allowed to download or modify it. This may be done only with written consent from us.
User Account
If you are an owner of an account on this website, you are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your private user details (username and password). You are responsible for all activities that occur under your account or password.
We reserve all rights to terminate accounts, edit or remove content and cancel orders in our sole discretion.
Office Hours
Mon.-Fri. 9am-4pm
Tell me how I'm doing
You must be logged in to submit a review.
Testimonials
5.0 rating
Karen continues to far exceed our expectations. She built us a gorgeous website complete with custom order forms in 3 weeks time. We were blown away by the quality and speed of her work. A+
5.0 rating
After our experiences with programmers in Sweden, we decided to turn abroad to get help. It was a long shot, because we did not know what to expect. But Karen has stretched her limits to satisfy us in every way with our goals and with our website We have experienced a fast instantaneous email response as well as Skype conversations which has surprised us in a very positive way. Karen REALLY strives to see her clients succeed.
Maria & Linda; –Sweden
5.0 rating
We’ve been with you
for several years now, I just wanted to tell you we are really impressed with the quality of service and support you provide. You keep our website and email running great and when we need help we have always been able to depend on you to be there for us.
5.0 rating
I can’t believe your prices, they’re fantastic. And I was very impressed with the friendly and thorough training I received when I joined. When I decided to start my Internet business I was expecting it to cost much more and take a lot of work. Your system had me up and running so fast I could’nt believe it. Thank you so much for everything. Los Angelas California, USA
5.0 rating
I don’t know what I’d do without you. You are always there to help me when I need you. I’ll never go anywhere else!
Reiki Master – Chicago IL
All Reviews
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
5
5.0 rating
5 out of 5 stars (based on 9 reviews)
Karen continues to far exceed our expectations. She built us a gorgeous website complete with custom order forms in 3 weeks time. We were blown away by the quality and speed of her work. A+
Copyright 1998 – 2020
All Rights Reserved
www.lilycreek.com
@rtfully Karen lee