http://littlemachineshop.com/info/privacy.php
Sorry, but due to COVID concerns, our warehouse and showroom remain closed to visitors. Stay safe; shop from home.
Contact Us
(800) 981 9663
Your Orders
Cart
On Sale
Value Packs
New Products
All Products
Catalog
Store Location
Outlet Store
Have you seen?
Belt Drive Conversion Kit, Mini Mill
Most Popular of
Machinist Books
Mini-Lathe for Home Machinists
Additional popular items
Machinist's Calculator
lmscnc.com/calc
Privacy Policy
This is the website of LittleMachineShop.com, a division of
Siechert & Wood, Inc.
We're located at 396 W. Washington Blvd. #500, Pasadena, CA
91103. You can reach us via e-mail at info@littlemachineshop.com or you can
call us at (626) 797-7850.
We take your privacy seriously, and we want you to know how
we collect, use, share and protect your information.
This Privacy Policy tells you:
What information we collect
How we use that information
How and when we may share information
How we protect your information
Your choices regarding your personal information
About information collected by others
How we may update this policy
How to get your questions answered
What information we collect
The information provided by you
We may store information you enter on our website or provide
to us at our retail store. For example, we collect information from you when
you place an order or join our mailing list.
The information we collect from you includes things like:
Your name
Your mailing address
Your e-mail address
Your phone number
Your credit card number and other payment information
Demographic and lifestyle information, such as age, personal
interests and product preferences
Automated information collection
We collect information related to your interactions with our
website to create a high quality, personalized shopping experience. This
information includes your IP address, browsing behavior while on our site,
browser and device characteristics, and referring URLs. This information is
collected and stored using a variety of common technologies, including various
types of cookies, and tags.
To help us understand and enhance our interactions with you,
we may permit web analytics to collect and process information on our websites
using the technologies described above.
Location information
Website analytics may collect certain information such as
the type of device you're using or your general location.
Mobile users: To allow any application to identify your
location, you must enable this functionality through your mobile device's
settings to allow the use of technologies such as Wi-Fi, GPS signals, cell
tower position, or other technologies. LittleMachineShop.com has no control
over your device's settings.
Public forums
Our website and blog offer publicly accessible information.
You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be
read, collected, and used by others who access them. This information may
include blog comments and product reviews.
How we use the information we collect
We use the information we collect for things like:
Fulfilling orders and requests for products, services or
information
Processing returns and exchanges
Tracking and confirming online orders
Delivering products
Marketing and advertising products
Conducting research and analysis
Communicating special events, promotions and surveys
Identifying you on our websites and tailoring advertisements and
offers to you (both on our websites and on other websites) based on your
interactions with us in our stores and online
Facilitating interactions with LittleMachineShop.com and others,
such as enabling you to e-mail a link to a friend
Operating, evaluating and improving our business
Data retention
When you order from us, we collect your payment information
(such as a credit card number) only for use in processing the order. We store
credit card information in an encrypted database on a protected file server for
a short time (up to 60 days) following a sale in case it's needed for
adjustments or similar follow-up transactions.
Although we maintain all other information about each sale
transaction indefinitely (for tax and accounting purposes), we periodically
purge the stored credit card data.
We may retain your e-mail or mailing address information for
as long as we deem you are an active customer or until you opt-out of our
promotional mailings.
How and when we may share information
LittleMachineShop.com does not sell, rent or trade your
personal information to third parties.
We may share your information with third parties such as
shippers or e-mail distribution services to perform services on our behalf such
as:
Fulfilling orders
Delivering packages
Sending LittleMachineShop.com marketing communications
Conducting research and analysis
Should we be required to share personal information in
response to a regulation, court order or subpoena; we will do so in order to
comply with the law. We may also share information to respond to a government
request or when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect
the rights, property or safety of LittleMachineShop.com, our customers, or
others; to prevent harm or loss; or in connection with an investigation of
suspected or actual unlawful activity.
How we protect the information we collect
We place a high priority on protecting your information. Whether
you are shopping online or in our retail store, we use reasonable security
measures to protect the confidentiality of personal information under our
control and appropriately limit access to it. LittleMachineShop.com cannot
ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us and you do
so at your own risk.
We use a variety of information security measures to protect
your online transactions with us. The LittleMachineShop.com website (LittleMachineShop.com)
uses encryption technology, such as Secure Sockets Layer (SSL), to protect your
personal information during data transport. SSL protects information you submit
via our websites such as ordering information, including your name, address and
credit card number.
We have appropriate security measures in place in our
physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of
information that we have collected from you on our website or in our retail store.
We cannot guarantee that any electronic commerce is totally secure, but do
exercise prudent measures to protect and secure consumer information.
Your choices regarding the information we collect
As a customer of LittleMachineShop.com, you may choose to:
Stop receiving marketing or promotional e-mails, direct mail, and
mobile marketing communications
Update and correct your personal information
Request removal of your personal information from our blog or
community forum
To do any of these, let us know by one of these methods:
Use the Update Profile/Email Address option provided in our email
promotions
Use the SafeUnsubscribe option provided in our email promotions
Call (800) 981-9663 with your request and current contact
information
Send an e-mail with your request and current contact information
to info@littlemachineshop.com
Send a letter with your request and current contact information
to:
LittleMachineShop.com
396 W. Washington Blvd. #500
Pasadena, CA 91103
Information collected and used by others
We use third-party advertising companies to display ads when
you visit other sites on the Internet. These companies may collect personal and
other information about your visits to this and other websites. The purpose of
this data collection is to provide ads about products and services that may be
of interest to you.
To learn more about interest-based advertising (also called
behavioral advertising), visit www.aboutads.info.
Google users visiting our site who wish to opt-out of
analytics information collection may do so by visiting their Google Ads
Settings. LittleMachineShop.com has no control over your Google Ads Setting
preferences.
Links to other websites
Our website may provide links to other websites, many of
which have their own privacy policies. Be sure to review the privacy policies
on sites you visit.
Social media widgets
Our website includes social media features and widgets, such
as the Facebook Like button and the Share this button or interactive
mini-programs that run on our site. These features may collect your IP address,
which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature
to function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a
third party or hosted directly on our site. Your interactions with these features
are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
Privacy Policy Updates
We may need to update our Privacy Policy as LittleMachineShop.com
grows and technology evolves. If we make material changes, including any change
in ownership or uses of your personal information, we will notify you by means
of a notice on this website prior to the change becoming effective, as well as
inform you of any choices you may have with respect to these changes.
Have questions?
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy or
practices, we'll do our best to answer them. Here's how to contact us:
Phone:
(626) 797-7850
E-mail:
info@littlemachineshop.com
Postal mail:
LittleMachineShop.com
396 W. Washington Blvd. #500
Pasadena, CA 91103
Contact Us /
Company Info /
Privacy Policy /
Warranty /
Terms & Conditions /
Payment Options /
Shipping Rates
& Policies
Copyright © 2007-2020 LittleMachineShop.com
Phone: (800) 981-9663