https://littlebigcat.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
View Larger Image
The following policy applies to Little Big Cat, Inc. at www.littlebigcat.com.
Little Big Cat is committed to protecting the privacy and security of its online visitors.
We adhere to privacy principles and only collect the minimum amount of personal information needed and look after your personal information responsibly. We date our privacy policies so that you can see when our policy has been updated.
We consider the following, among other things, to be personally identifiable information: first and last name, e-mail address, street address and phone number.
We do not collect personal information about individual visitors to our website. Site activity is monitored through the use of cookies, which collect anonymous, aggregate information such as:
Total number of visits to the site
Time spent by users on individual pages
Users’ country of origin and other top-level domains
We may request such personally identifiable information from our visitors to process and fulfill orders for products or services and in connection with subscription registrations (such as our newsletter), product orders, content submissions, comments, classes, workshops, contests, games, surveys, forums, requests for website submissions such as photographs, requests for suggestions, and responses to visitors’ requests for information.
Opting in to our newsletter will always be confirmed by our email service, www.mailchimp.com. If you are currently receiving a newsletter or other notices, you opted in at some point since May 2020. Every newsletter provides an unsubscribe link to use if you wish to discontinue receiving it.
If you submit material to Little Big Cat for use on our website, such as a comment, testimonial or photo, it is our policy never to post more than your first name, last initial, and state of residence unless you give us specific permission to do so. We may also post information about your cat that you voluntarily provide.
Email or postal mail shall constitute written consent as described in this policy.
If you have any questions or concerns about the safety of your personal information with us, please do not hesitate to contact us at littlebigcat10ATgmailDOTcom. This policy has been updated and is effective as of March 24, 2018.
Do you really know what's in your cat's food?Signup now and find out! Get our free Pet Food Label Quiz!
I agree to have my personal information transfered to GetResponse ( more information )
You can unsubscribe at any time.
Jean Hofve DVM2020-05-17T09:49:46-07:00
Share This Story, Choose Your Platform!
FacebookTwitterLinkedInRedditWhatsappGoogle+TumblrPinterestVkEmail
What Cats Should Eat Dr. Jean’s best-selling e-book, What Cats Should Eat, updated for 2018! Do you want know which cat foods are safe and healthful, and which ones aren’t? Do you want to understand how to feed your cat for optimal health and long life? Do you want to know how to prevent and treat the most common feline diseases with nutrition? Then check out our expanded, updated special report, WHAT CATS SHOULD EAT including Dr. Jean’s list of Approved Brands! Don’t depend on the FDA or pet food makers to take care of your cat!
Get the truth in “WHAT CATS SHOULD EAT” — only on Amazon.com!
Also check out Dr. Jean’s #1-recommended canned cat food: Instinctive Choice by Life’s Abundance
Anti-Declawing Handbook for Cat Lovers! Anti-Declawing Handbook for Cat Lovers!
Updated for 2018! To help cat lovers and animal advocates understand the truth about declawing that so many veterinarians and organizations lie about, Dr. Jean has written a detailed, fully-referenced ebook that is 100% free to download and share!
Paleo Dog: Give Your Best Friend a Long Life, Hey, we love dogs, too! Get Dr. Jean’s newest book with nutritionist Dr. Celeste Yarnall, Paleo Dog: Give Your Best Friend a Long Life, HealthyWeight, and Freedom from Illness by Nurturing His Inner Wolf. It’s not just another cookbook, either! Paleo Dog covers a wide range of topics, including nutrition (of course!), but also vaccines and veterinary care; exercise and rest; and alternative therapies such as Earthing, acupuncture, and herbs that are compatible with the Paleo Dog philosophy. It is science-based, understandable, and practical; its comprehensive scope and down-to-earth details will satisfy both pet guardians and pet professionals.
The Complete Guide to Holistic Cat Care Dr. Jean’s  book, The Complete Guide to Holistic Cat Care: An Illustrated Handbook, co-authored with Celeste Yarnall, and 2010 winner of a Certificate of Excellence and the prestigious Muse Medallion award from the Cat Writers’ Association, is available now at your favorite online bookstores!
Total Cat Mojo To make your home cat-friendly (and solve a bunch of health and behavior problems at the same time, check out Jackson Galaxy’s newest book, Total Cat Mojo! You’ll also enjoy Jackson Galaxy and Kate Benjamin’s fun and practical book, Catification: Designing a Happy and Stylish Home for Your Cat (and You!); and Jackson’s autobiography, Cat Daddy: How One Very Special Cat Fixed One Very Broken Man.
To contact Jackson, please visit JacksonGalaxy.com.