https://littlejons.com/privacy-policy/
ShopMenu
Categories
Archery Brand Apparel
Archery Brand Apparel
Mathews Hats
Limited Edition Hats
Mathews Hoodies & Outerwear
Mens
Womens
View All
Men's T-Shirts
Ladies T-Shirts
Bow Sights
Xenek Hunting Blinds
Crossbows
Crossbows
TenPoint 2020 Crossbows
Mission 2020 Crossbows
Ravin Crossbows
Wicked Ridge 2020
Compound & Recurve Bows
Compound & Recurve Bows
Mathews 2020 Bows
Mission 2020 Compound Bows
Hoyt 2020 Compound Bows
Hoyt Recurve Bows
Archery Range
Crossbow Sales & Service
Hours & Directions
Navigation
Crossbow Sales & Service
Little Jon's Hours & Directions
Little Jon's Archery Range
About Us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Shipping & Returns
Brands
Mathews Archery
Ravin
Hoyt Archery
Carbon Express
Hoyt
TenPoint Crossbows
Mission
Mission Crossbows
Wicked Ridge
Xenek
View all Brands
Crossbow Sales & Service
Little Jon's Hours & Directions
Little Jon's Archery Range
About Us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Shipping & Returns
608-478-0880
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
We shop online too and we respect your privacy the same way we want ours protected. We work to safeguard your personal information. We are dedicated to providing you with the highest level of customer satisfaction and we know that your privacy is an important part of that experience. Information about our customers is an important part of our business, and we are not in the business of selling it to others.
We use your information to process your order and payment transaction. Your information is never sold, or exchanged with third parties. We used your email address as your login and as a way of providing you order and tracking information. We may occasionally send you an email from this site and our parent site, Eagle Archery.com. These emails may pertain to warranty information for the products you have purchased or to alert you about specials we have on items you may be interested in. There are instructions on each of these emails with the procedure to follow if you prefer not to receive e-mail messages unrelated to your orders.
Cookies Cookies are unique identifiers that we transfer to your device to enable our systems to recognize your device: computer, tablet or smartphone. Cookies allow storage of items in your Shopping Cart between visits.
The Help feature on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. Because cookies allow you to take advantage of shopping cart storage, we recommend that you leave them turned on. For instance, if you block or otherwise reject our cookies, you will not be able to add items to your Shopping Cart, proceed to Checkout, or place an order. We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or access your personal information. These security measures include: password protected directories and databases, SSL ( Secure Socket Layered) technology to ensure that your information is fully encrypted. We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) and then encrypted. After your transaction is complete, this information is not stored on our server.
You can always contact us if you have questions or need assistance.
×
OK
Join our newsletter
Email Address