http://loa.org/privacy-and-terms
Privacy & Terms
Library of America has created this statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this website: www.loa.org.
Information Automatically Logged
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our website. Your IP address is also used to gather broad demographic information and to determine the number of unique visitors that the site receives.
Cookies
Our site uses cookies to keep track of your preferences, and to serve you certain content (for example, surveys) a limited number of times. No identifiable personal information is ever stored in cookies used by this site.
Order Forms
Our site uses an order form for customers to request information, products, and services. We collect contact information (e.g. email addresses), financial information (e.g. account or credit card numbers), and geographic information (e.g. zip codes). Library of America does not share its customers’ phone numbers or e-mail addresses with any other company.
Contact information from the order forms is used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary.
Users may choose not to receive future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
Financial information is collected to bill the user for any products and services ordered.
Profile data collected at our site are used to tailor the visitor's experience, with content displaying according to the visitor's preferences.
Surveys
Our online surveys may ask visitors for contact information (such as their email address).
Contact information from the surveys is used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary. Library of America does not share its customers’ phone numbers or email addresses with any other company.
Users may choose not to receive future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
External Links
This site contains links to other sites. Library of America is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. When you submit personal information to us (for example, if you subscribe to the series or use any of our online order forms) Secure Sockets Layer, v3 encryption is used to ensure that no one else on the Internet can view the information you have submitted.
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to choose not to receive promotional/marketing information from us.
To opt out of promotional/marketing emails from Library of America, please send a request to be removed from our list to lists@loa.org or send a request from our Contact Us page.
Data Quality/Access
This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided.
To change or modify information previously provided to Library of America, please send a request for the information change(s) to lists@loa.org or send a request from our Contact Us page.
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, please contact website@loa.org or send an inquiry from our Contact Us page.
Library of America
Curator
A champion of America’s great writers and timeless works, Library of America guides readers in finding and exploring the exceptional writing that reflects the nation’s history and culture.
Learn More
Publisher
From poetry, novels, and memoirs to journalism, crime writing, and science fiction, the more than 300 volumes published by Library of America are widely recognized as America’s literary canon.
Browse our books
Subscribe
Non-Profit
With contributions from donors, Library of America preserves and celebrates a vital part of our cultural heritage for generations to come.
Support our mission