https://loc8tor.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Loc8tor takes your privacy very seriously, and confirms to users of this site that we will not sell or rent their user information to others and will only share information in accordance with this privacy policy.
We reserve the right to change this policy from time to time and will update this page accordingly. The policy is not intended to create any contractual or other legal rights on behalf of any party.
Data Protection
We have notified the Information Commissioner of our data uses under the UK Data Protection Act 1998 and are registered in the United Kingdom. We will only use the information that we collect about you lawfully in accordance with the Act and this policy.
Security of Information
We protect the privacy of your information using highly secure, password-protected servers to protect your information against unlawful processing and against accidental loss or destruction of or damage to personal data.
Monitoring
Please be advised that for staff training purposes as well as your and our own security, we may record telephone calls to / from us and such recordings and emails may be supplied to law enforcement or anti-fraud agencies if required.
Cookies
Like most websites, we use cookies (which store information on your own hard drive) and other internal tracking methods to track the way our website is used by our customers so we understand better how to make the service faster and more user friendly. You’ll be asked to whether you want to accept our use of cookies when you first visit which is optional.
The information we gather is analysed either in the aggregate or at a customer level, where we feel that the data we collect will help to enhance your purchasing experience.
What Kind of Personal Information do we process and how do we use?
We only process information you specifically give us to fulfil your order, when registering interest in our products / services and then how you respond and use any marketing communications. Methods of communication include e.g. e-mail, phone or text. Any order information is kept on our systems for as long as we have reasonable business needs, such as managing our relationship with you.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this privacy notice or wish to exercise your rights in particular to data processed for direct marketing purposes you can get in touch by visiting the Contact Us section of our website alternatively write to us at Loc8tor Ltd, Octagon House, The Ridgeway, Mill Hill, NW7 1RL
Sign up for our newsletter
Keep tabs on products, news and offers from Loc8tor
Subscribe