http://locksmd.com/return-policy/
You are visiting this website with an outdated version of Internet Explorer. In order to browse our website, we recommend that yo use a different, more current browser like Chrome or Firefox. [x]
Call Us
Live Chat
Get a Quote
FREE SHIPPING ON ALL U.S. ORDERS OVER $99!
Home
Back
Return Policy
Harbor City Supply is dedicated to getting you the best products for your project. Most items can be returned or exchanged within 30 days from when they were shipped.
There is No Restocking Fee if an order is placed  for an exchange or replacement of equal or greater value.
You may choose Full Store Credit for use at our online store.
Or a refund, less a 15% deduction and less the initial shipping charges incurred.
Return Policy Exceptions
Returns can not be accepted if they are not in their original packaging with original contents including parts, manuals, directions, and warranty cards
Returns can not be accepted if they are damaged, modified, altered, or have been installed.
Returns can not be accepted on made-to-order items, non-stock items, or custom size orders, or custom order items.
Returns can not be accepted on any Toilet Partitions, Shower Partitions, Dressing Compartments, Shower/Dressing Combo units, Urinal Screens, Privacy Screens, Divider Doors, Pilasters & Panels, Power Data Outlets, Lockers, or Benches
In order to process our customers’ returns as quickly and successfully as possible, we require ALL returns be accompanied by an RGA [Return Goods Authorization] so please be sure to contact us before returning any items. To obtain your RGA, please call our customer service team at 1-800-260-0907 or email us at Sales@HarborCitySupply.com. If requesting an RGA via email, please provide the following information:
Order Number
Item Number and product description of the item to be returned or exchanged
The reason for the return
Customer name, telephone number, and email address
Returns must be sent to the address specified in the RGA. Any items returned to Harbor City Supply without prior approval cannot be accepted and will be refused.
Customer will be responsible for prepaid shipping on all returned items.
We strongly recommend that you insure your return shipment so that you will be protected in the event that the package is lost or damaged in transit. UPS & FedEx provide traceable shipments, complete with a proof-of-delivery feature that guarantees that your package is delivered to the intended location. We urge you to use a carrier that has both tracking and proof-of-delivery capabilities and that you retain that tracking number. Please be advised that postage charges are non-refundable, and that Harbor City Supply is not responsible for any packages lost or damaged during transit.
×