http://luggage.nu/store/conditions.asp
Home | Search | Contact Us | View Cart | Check-Out
Featured Brands
Samsonite
American Tourister
Lodis
Skyway
Atlantic
Travelpro
More Brands >>
Special Offer
Call Toll-Free
Terms & Policies
Shopping Cart & Payment Options
Free Shipping Offer
Return Policy
Customer Service
Auction Listings
Warranty Information
Privacy Statement
Shopping Cart &
Payment Options
NuLuggage uses a very simple
and easy to navigate electronic shopping cart system that will allow you to quickly browse
available items and find what you are looking for. The technology employed requires your
web browser to have JavaScript enabled and accept cookies, which are used to track your
activities and store data while on our web site.
If you decide to
purchase there are two separate payment options available. We accept
credit card payments directly, alternatively we accept payments through
Paypal, you do NOT need to have a Paypal account and you are NOT required
to sign up. Paypal will simply function as credit card payment
processor. Google Checkout is at present not supported.
Free Shipping Offer
NuLuggage offers free UPS
Ground or FedEx Ground
shipping with any purchase, there is no minimum to buy to receive free shipping.
This represents an additional estimated savings of $8.00 to $32.00 per bag depending on size and
destination.
Free shipping is only available to physical
addresses in the continental US, other destinations such as AK, HI, VI and PR as well as
P.O.Boxes or military APO/FPO addresses will incur additional charges. Please contact us
before ordering at sales@luggage.nu
The free shipping offer does not apply to
items purchased through our auctions on eBay. Please refer to the individual auction
listing for exact shipping charges and terms.
Order are shipped generally within 3-5 business days of processing the order. Based on the
destination ZIP code it may take an additional 3-7 days for the package to arrive.
Rush Delivery is available on select items.
They are generally shipped the next business day via UPS 3-Day Select or FedEx ExpressSaver for an additional
charge. Please contact us before ordering and provide the destination ZIP code so we may
quote an accurate rate.
Shipment tracking numbers are usually only
provided for rush delivery shipments.
Return Policy
We want you do be satisfied with your
purchase. If for any reason you would like to return the item for a refund, you must first
obtain an RMA number (Return Merchandise Authorization)
Please contact us by e-mail at returns@luggage.nu and include the
following information.
- Your Name
- Order Number/Invoice Number
- Item description (i.e. item number, model)
- Reason for the return (optional)
This request must be sent within 10 days of
receiving the delivery.
After receiving the RMA number please return
the merchandise in its original condition including the original packaging to the address
provided. Be sure to enclose the RMA number. Please note that return merchandise will have
to shipped back with shipping charges pre-paid.
Once the merchandise is received in
satisfactory condition we will issue a refund of the purchase price, less a 15% restocking
fee and less shipping charges, if any.
Items purchased through our auctions on eBay or Yahoo!
may not be returned. All auction sales are final.
Order Cancellation
We process orders as soon as possible after receiving them, it
may not be possible to stop the order if that cancellation request is not received within 3-4 hours of placing the initial
order. Once the order has been processed and forwarded to our supplier, or the manufacturer, or is queued for shipping from our
stock, it will be difficult to stop the process.
If you feel you must cancel your order and cannot do so within
3-4 hours of placing the order, please wait for the luggage to arrive and follow the return procedure outlined above. Please
do not refuse delivery of the item you ordered, or the package may be returned to a facility that is not designed to handle
returns. The merchandise would then have to be forwarded to the one location that does handle returns. That would significantly
delay processing of the return/refund request and any expenses associated with retrieving the merchandise would be deducted
from the refund amount.
Warranty Information
All our products are covered by a
manufacturer's warranty. Most manufacturers offer a 10 year warranty on
most of their luggage, select brands and series carry a 20 year up to a
limited lifetime warranty.
Simply register your new piece
of luggage with the manufacturer using the registration card provided with the suitcase.
Samsonite products may also be registered online at www.prodregister.com/samsonite
Customer Service
In an effort to control expenses and offer the lowest
possible prices on the products we sell, we only maintain limited staff
dedicated to receiving customer service related phone calls. We will
however quickly respond to all e-mail inquiries. It has been our experience that most questions and concerns can be
addressed quickly and efficiently via e-mail.
Please feel free to contact us by e-mail with any question, concerns
or comments you might have. We value all feedback. Please use our e-mail form or send the message to
customerservice@luggage.nu
Auction Listings
We regularly list items for auction on eBay and/or Yahoo! These are usually overstock
items, customer returns, cancelled orders, or otherwise exceptionally good deals.
Click here to browse our current listings on eBay.
Data Security &
Privacy Statement
The online ordering process employs
industry standard strong SSL encryption to protect sensitive date sent over the Internet.
Appropriate mechanisms are in place to safeguard personal information once it is collected
and stored in our database.
Our privacy policy is very simple, we onlycollect information we need to process your order,
we use and/or share information only to the extent neccessary to fullfill that order.
Once this is accomplished that data is not used for any purpose and not shared with anyone.
Terms & Policies last revised 09/12/07
Top of Page
Shop by Category
Garment Bags
Carry-On & Boarding
Hardside Suitcases
Upright Suitcases
Totes & Duffle Bags
Briefcases & Laptop Bags
Leather Bags Purses & Wallets
More Categories >>
Terms & Policies | Security & Privacy | Travel Tips | Site Map | Contact Us
Developed and Maintained by New Millennium Network LLC © 1998-2007
Designated trademarks and brands are the property of their respective owners