https://luggagewarehouse.co.za/terms-conditions/
Skip to content
Filter
Bag Type
Cabin Luggage
Carry-On
Check-In
Duffle Bags
Garment Bags
Laptop Backpacks
Laptop Bags
Vanity and Toiletry
Hard or soft case
Hard Cases
Framed
Zip
Soft Cases
2 Wheels
4 Wheels
No Wheels
Wheels
2 Wheel Trolley
4 Wheel Spinner
None
Filter by Price
Filter
Price:
—
Colour
Beige
Black
Blue
Bronze
Brown
Burgundy
Champagne
Charcoal
Chocolate
Coral
Gold
Graphite
Green
Grey
Ivory
Khaki
Navy
Olive
Orange
Pearl
Pink
Purple
Red
Silver
Tan
Teal
Turquoise
undefined
White
Yellow
Size
X-Large
XL
130L
120L
91
86
85
84
83
82
Small
S
75L
65L
63
62
61
60
59
58
56
Medium
S/M
M
95L
90L
87L
71
70
69
68
67
66
65
64
Large
M/L
L
81
80
79
78
77
76
75
74
73
72
Carry-on Sizes
55
54
53
52
51
50
49
48
47
46
45
42L
40L
40
38L
30L
20L
17" Laptop
17"
16"
15" Laptop
15"
14"
13” Laptop
13"
10"
Material
Leather
Synthetic
Clear All
Terms & Conditions
Warranty
Privacy Policy
Cookies Policy
Shipping Policy
Payment Options
Deliver and Courier
About us
Contact us
Terms of Use
You may only use this site to browse the content, make legitimate purchases and shall not use this site for any other purposes, including without limitation, to make any speculative, false or fraudulent purchase. This site and the content provided in this site may not be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted or distributed. 'Deep-linking', 'embedding' or using analogous technology is strictly prohibited. Unauthorized use of this site and/or the materials contained on this site may violate applicable copyright, trademark or other intellectual property laws or other laws.
Disclaimer of Warranty
The contents of this site are provided "as is" without warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied, including but not limited to warranties of merchantability, fitness for a purpose and non-infringement.
The owner of this site, the authors of these contents and in general anybody connected to this site in any way, from now on collectively called "Providers", assume no responsibility for errors or omissions in these contents.
The Providers further do not warrant, guarantee or make any representation regarding the safety, reliability, accuracy, correctness or completeness of these contents. The Providers shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, general, special, incidental or consequential damages (including -without limitation- data loss, lost revenues and lost profit) which may result from the inability to use or the correct or incorrect use, abuse, or misuse of these contents, even if the Providers have been informed of the possibilities of such damages. The Providers cannot assume any obligation or responsibility.
The use of these contents is forbidden in those places where the law does not allow this disclaimer to take full effect.
Our Rights
We reserve the right to:
Modify or withdraw, temporarily or permanently, the Website (or any part of) with or without notice to you and you confirm that we shall not be liable to you or any third party for any modification to or withdrawal of the Website; and/or
Change these Conditions from time to time, and your continued use of the Website (or any part of) following such change shall be deemed to be your acceptance of such change. It is your responsibility to check regularly to determine whether the Conditions have been changed. If you do not agree to any change to the Conditions then you must immediately stop using the Website.
We will use our reasonable endeavours to maintain the Website. The Website is subject to change from time to time. You will not be eligible for any compensation because you cannot use any part of the Website or because of a failure, suspension or withdrawal of all or part of the Website due to circumstances beyond our control.
Stock Availability
At the time of ordering we will make every effort to ensure that there is available stock to complete your order. In the event that stock is unavailable from our shops or our suppliers, we will advise you and offer alternative solutions or refund you should that be your choice.
Delivery Policy
When you click to make a purchase with us legal obligations arise and your right to refund of monies charged to your credit card or paid in any other way agreed by us, are limited by our terms & conditions. You must not make any purchase through this site unless you understand and agree all our terms and conditions. Once payment is made for the purchase, it is deemed that you have read and understood the terms and conditions for such purchase. We can only deliver to addresses in South Africa. If you have any queries please contact us at info@luggagewarehouse.co.za or call us before making any purchase through this website.
Refunds/Returns Policy
Once you have placed an order and payment has been processed, the delivery process automatically commences and products will be delivered as soon as possible.
Payment Options
All transactions will be processed in South African Rands (ZAR). On request will supply our banking details should you wish to make payment via EFT or Direct Deposit.
Third Party Links
In an attempt to provide increased value to our Users, we may provide links to other websites or resources. You acknowledge and agree that we are not responsible for the availability of such external sites or resources, and do not endorse and are not responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for the privacy practices or the content (including misrepresentative or defamatory content) of such websites, including (without limitation) any advertising, products or other materials or services on or available from such websites or resources, nor for any damage, loss or offence caused or alleged to be caused by, or in connection with, the use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on such external sites or resources.
Law
The Conditions will be exclusively governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of South Africa whose Courts will have exclusive jurisdiction in any dispute, save that we have the right, at our sole discretion, to commence and pursue proceedings in alternative jurisdictions.
Free domestic shipping on all orders over R500Secure payment transactions for your safety and convenience7 days return policySubscribe to our newsletter and get priority notifications of specials deals and offer
OUR MISSION
We have simple plans: Take 21 years of shop trade and mirror it online for the benefit of all customers across South Africa to enjoy.
The products sold here are representative of prices and selection in our retail shops and we’ve tried our best to bring our staff experience and opinion into your living room.
We hope you enjoy the experience.
NavigateAll Products
Luggage
Handbags
Business
Wallets & Purses
Accessories
On Special Promotion
INFORMATIONTerms & Conditions
Warranty
Privacy Policy
Cookies Policy
Shipping Policy
Payment Options
Deliver and Courier
About us
Contact us
MY ACCOUNTMy Account
My Orders
My Wishlists
Account Details
Head Office(021) 674 5242info@luggagewarehouse.co.za(Mon-Fri; 9am-4.30pm)Access ParkUnit B41, Access Park,Kenilworth,
Cape Town021 683 6833TygervalleyWillowbridge South Lifestyle Centre, Tygervalley, Cape Town.(021) 914 8621
Follow Us on
shopping cart (0)Login Sign Up
Login
Username or email address *
Password *
Remember me
Lost your password?
Register
0