https://luxis.com/policies/
Home
Policies
Contact Us
facebook
Shopping Cart
0 items$ 0.00
Call toll-free within the United States:
1-800-628-4693
Outside the United States: 1-815-981-3793
About Us
Shop Luxis
Specials
Foot Issues
Your Guarantee
Policies last updated on March 31, 2020.
A Family Business You Can Trust
At Luxis our family has been working to provide premium products to folks like you for many years. We’ve searched the world for premium products that can be sold successfully through the mail at greatly reduced prices. Your success is our success so you’ll find detailed information about all the products we sell. And if you can’t find your answer here, please contact for further information. We take these responsibilities seriously including protecting the personal information you entrust to us.
This notice describes how your personal information may be used and disclosed, as well as, your rights regarding the use of this information. Specific information about your past, current and future health needs is never released unless you authorize us to do so or if we are required by law. For your protection, we take great care to always keep any personal financial information secure and protected. For more information on financial security, please see our Security Policy.
Here you’ll find answers to many of your questions regarding our policies. Please read these policies and contact us with any additional questions. Unless you instruct us otherwise, you consent to our collection and use of your personal information as described in this policy. This notice remains in effect until it is replaced with an updated notice or unless otherwise specified.
Luxis Policies Quick Reference
Click on any link below to find more information about a particular policy.
Questions about purchasing from Luxis
How long can I try products at home?
How are items shipped?
Can you ship outside the United States? (International Orders)
Are the testimonials you post from actual customers?
What are my billing options?
How do I return an item?
Questions about your privacy and company safeguards
Privacy and HIPAA Policy
What information do we collect?
How do we use and disclose your information?
Who do we share your information with?
How can you control the use of your information?
Use and disclosure of your IIHI in certain special circumstances
Your rights regarding your IIHI
How do we safeguard your information?
What technologies do we use to enhance your shopping experience?
Children’s Privacy
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Who can answer questions about these policies?
How long can I try products at home?
Good news! We want you to be certain that the items you’ve selected are the right ones for you. So, you have 30 days to return most products, 45 days for hearing aids and one year for Featherspring custom orthotics. If you decide during this time that the items you ordered are not right for you then simply return them in original condition for a full refund of the purchase price. (We’re sorry but shipping charges are not refundable.)
How are items shipped?
All orders are processed within 24 hours of receiving and in-stock items are normally shipped within 1-2 business days. Charges to your credit card are applied during processing. For your security, checks and money orders are always deposited the day they are received and are not held within our facility even if an item is on backorder.
All products are shipped with the United States Post Office. You can choose the shipping method you prefer:
Basic Service: Cost – $4.95 – $9.95: The time it takes for your order to reach you can vary. Typically delivery time is 4-10 business days.
Priority Mail: Cost – $13.95 – $15.95: The time it takes for your order to reach you can vary. Typically delivery time is one to three business days.
Can you ship outside the United States?
Yes, but there are increased fees and different procedures associated with shipping outside the United States. Please note: All prices for products shown are in US dollars.
All international orders are shipped First Class Mail with the U.S. Post Office. Most customers receive their orders within 2 weeks. But some orders have been known to take as long as 6 weeks to be delivered. Delivery times are not guaranteed.
Depending upon where you live, you may be asked to pay Customs fees before receiving your order. How much the Customs fees are will depend upon where you live. Different countries assess different amounts for different products. You are responsible for any Customs fees.
International Customers – Covid-19 Update (Updated June 10, 2020): Please note all orders are shipped with the United States Postal Service. The postal service is running in most countries but many are experiencing unusual delays due to personnel absences and transportation issues because of Covid-19. Due to this, deliveries may take 2-3 months to arrive. We will email you tracking information when your order ships so you can follow the progress of your shipment. We, unfortunately, will not have any additional information regarding your shipment. Delivery times are not guaranteed.
We will make every effort to ship your order to you, however, some countries are not accepting postal shipments at this time. If we are unable to ship your order then it will be cancelled and your charge card refunded.
Are the testimonials you post from actual customers?
Absolutely! We love hearing from our customers. Their testimonials brighten our day and we enjoy sharing them with others. We never change testimonials (other than correcting the occasional spelling or grammar error). So, what you read is what we received from our customers. Of course, no testimonial is a guarantee that every customer will have the same experience. We try to only post testimonials that reflect what the majority of people may experience. Some customers prefer to mail their testimonial to us. When that happens, we add their testimonial to our website on their behalf (of course, with their permission).
All customer letters and comments are kept on file and are reprinted with our customers’ permission. Customers do not receive compensation for testimonials.
What are my billing options?
ORDERING BATTERIES AND ACCESSORIES: Payment in full is due when ordering.
You can pay securely on line with your VISA, MasterCard or Discover card. You can also mail checks or money orders. All payments must be in US dollars. Please do not send cash in the mail.
If monthly payments are accepted, payments are interest-free when made on schedule. Delinquent accounts are charged 1.4% per month (APR 18.2%). If outside the U.S., include full payment in US dollars plus non-refundable processing fee.
How do I return an item?
You can return a product in original condition within your 30-day home trial period for a full refund of your purchase price. Shipping and handling is not refundable.
To return products
Pack your products in a sturdy box along with a note that clearly states: your name, complete address, what you are returning and why you are returning the item. If you are exchanging an item, please tell us what you would like us to send in exchange.
Send returns to:
Luxis
Return Department
1292 S 7th St
DeKalb, IL 60115
For your protection, we recommend shipment with some type of insured mail.
You are responsible for the safe return of items you are returning.
Refunds will be issued in the same form as the original payment.
Privacy and HIPAA (Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996)
This notice describes how health information about you (as our customer) may be used and disclosed and how you can get access to your individually identifiable health information.
OUR COMMITMENT TO YOUR PRIVACY
Luxis is dedicated to adhering to your wishes regarding the privacy of your Protected Health Information (PHI), which includes Individually Identifiable Health Information (IIHI), as well as the confidentiality of critical personal information such as social security number and personal financial information.
In conducting our business, we will create records regarding you and the services we provide to you.
The terms of this notice apply to all records containing your IIHI that are created or retained by our company. We reserve the right to revise or amend this notice. Any revision or amendment to this notice will be effective for all records that our company created or maintained in the past, and for any of your records that we may create or maintain in the future. Our company will maintain a copy of our current notice on our website and you may request a copy of our current notice at any time.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
The types of information we may collect on-line, in our stores and through our literature, in order to serve you better include:
Contact information such as name, mailing address, phone number and e-mail address
Personal information such as billing address and credit card information, when needed
Demographic and preference information such as product purchase history, questionnaire responses and audiogram results
Information you provide about other people, such as referring a friend
Such requests are only made in connection with the purchase of products or request for information.
HOW DO WE USE AND DISCLOSE YOUR INFORMATION?
You deserve the fastest, safest and most enjoyable shopping experience possible. To give you just that, we may use information that you provide to us in the following manner:
Service. We may use your IIHI to assist you in your needs, as well as, disclose your IIHI to others involved in your care. For example, we may use your IIHI to communicate with you by phone, mail or email regarding your questions and orders. We may also disclose your IIHI to other individuals or companies related to your needs.
Payment. We may use and disclose your IIHI in order to bill and collect payment for services and items received from us. We may use and disclose your IIHI to obtain payment from third parties that may be responsible for such costs, such as family members. We may use your IIHI to bill you directly for services and items. We may disclose your IIHI to health care providers and entities to assist in their billing and collection efforts.
Regular Business Operations. We may use and disclose your IIHI to operate our business, for example, survey you regarding the service you received from us.
Product Selection Options. Our company may use and disclose your IIHI to inform you of potential product selection options or alternatives.
Health-Related Benefits and Services. Our company may use and disclose your IIHI to inform you of health-related benefits or services that may be of interest to you.
Release of Information to Family/Friends. Our company may use and disclose your IIHI to family members or friends that are involved in your care or who assist in taking care of you.
Disclosures Required By Law. Our company will use and disclose your IIHI when we are required to do so by federal, state or local law.
WHO DO WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION WITH?
Luxis never sells, shares or distributes your financial information such as credit card numbers or bank accounts. Luxis may share its customer information with its affiliated companies. We may also share your information with our business partners when you authorize us to do so, so that you may learn more about certain related products. Finally, we may share your name and address with carefully screened companies to inform you of offers that may interest you. Don’t worry about tons of useless mail. We screen each offer to be certain only reputable companies with premium products reach your door. We update our list information quarterly, which includes updated addresses and new Preferred Mail Settings.
Special Offers. Occasionally we share our customer postal mailing list with carefully screened companies whose products and services may interest you. We may receive financial compensation for sharing your name and address. Of course, if you prefer to not receive any special offers just let us know. We can set your account to one of the following three settings:Preferred Mail Settings
Option 1 – Yes, please send me special offers from Luxis, as well as, carefully selected business partners.
Option 2 – Yes, please send me special offers from Luxis but not from carefully selected business partners.
Option 3 – I prefer to not receive any special offers from Luxis or carefully selected business partners.
HOW CAN YOU CONTROL THE USE OF YOUR INFORMATION?
Our customers normally appreciate us keeping them informed about advances in products and other special offers that may benefit them. So, if you do not instruct us differently, your Preferred Mail Settings will default to Option 1. You can change your Preferred Mail Setting with us at any time by using one of the following methods:
Online order. Specify your Preferred Mail Setting in the comments section of your online order.
Email. Send an email to CustomerService@Luxis.com
Telephone. Call toll-free Monday through Friday, 8 am – 5 pm Central Time. 1-800-628-4693 (or International calls: 815-981-3793)
Fax. Send a fax to: 1-800-261-1164
Mail. Write to us: Luxis, 1292 S 7th St, DeKalb, IL 60115
Requesting Preferred Mail Setting Changes
If you request a change to your Preferred Mail Setting, please include your FULL name, FULL address and, if available, your account number. You may also want to include your phone number so we can call you in case we have any questions about your request. Failure to give us your full information may prevent us from updating your Preferred Mail Setting correctly. Please note: it may take six to twelve weeks to completely implement changes to your Preferred Mail Setting.
USE AND DISCLOSURE OF YOUR IIHI IN CERTAIN SPECIAL CIRCUMSTANCES
We may disclose your IIHI to public health authorities, legal entities, research organizations, and other government entities when required.
YOUR RIGHTS REGARDING YOUR IIHI: You have the following rights regarding the IIHI that we maintain about you:
Confidential Communications. For instance, you may ask that we contact you at home rather than at work. In order to request a type of confidential communication, you must make a written request to Privacy Officer at the address below. Our company will accommodate reasonable requests. You do not need to give a reason for your request regarding confidential communications.
Requesting Restrictions. You have the right to request a restriction in our use or disclosure of your IIHI. You also have the right to request our disclosure of IIHI to only certain individuals involved in your care or the payment for your care, such as certain family members and friends. We are not required to agree to your request; however, if we do agree, we are bound by our agreement except when otherwise required by law, in emergencies, or when the information is necessary to treat you. Please make all requests in writing to Privacy Officer, 1292 S 7th St, PO Box 948, DeKalb, IL 60115-0948.
Inspection and Copies. You have the right to inspect and obtain a copy of the IIHI that we have about you on file. Our company may charge a fee for the costs of copying, mailing, labor and supplies associated with your request.
Amendment. You may ask us to amend your IIHI if you believe it is incorrect or incomplete. Any amendment request must be made in writing to the Privacy Officer at the address below. All amendment requests must include a reason that supports your request for amendment. Our company will deny your request if you fail to submit your request (and the support for your request) in writing. Also, we may deny your request if you ask us to amend information that is in our opinion: (a) accurate and complete; (b) not part of the IIHI kept by or for the company; (c) not part of the IIHI which you would be permitted to inspect and copy; or (d) not created by our company, unless the individual or entity that created the information is not available to amend the information.
Right to file a complaint. If you believe your privacy rights have been violated, you may file a complaint with our Privacy Officer or with the Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services. To file a complaint with our company, contact Privacy Officer, 1292 S 7th St, PO Box 948, DeKalb, IL 60115-0948. You will not be penalized for filing a complaint.
DIRECT QUESTIONS ABOUT THIS POLICY TO:
Privacy Officer, 1292 S 7th St, DeKalb, IL 60115
How do we safeguard your information?
Protecting the safety of your personal information is important to us. We use a variety of technical, administrative and physical safeguards so that you can enjoy your shopping experience without having to worry about the loss of, misuse of, or unauthorized access to your information.
Luxis International, Inc. – Security Policy
Your Financial Information is Secure with Luxis.
Your financial Information is always secure because our website incorporates Secure Socket Layers (SSL). SSL is the industry standard in transferring information to process your orders. SSL encrypts or masks the information you send to our website. This makes it extremely difficult for someone to “eves-drop” on your transmission.
You will know your information is secure when you see an image of a small lock in the lower right of your browser window or near the address bar. Some web browsers show a green background in their address bar as well.
Your Credit Card Number is Secure
When you use a credit card to purchase an item on our website, through the mail, over the phone or in one of our offices SSL encrypts the information keeping it secure.
In addition to SSL, when you enter your credit card number in our payment screen during the checkout process, we immediately and securely exchange your full credit card number for a “token” with our credit card processor. Tokens are also used when our company applies a charge to your credit card when processing an order that is received over the telephone, through the mail or in our offices.
A “token” is used in place of your actual credit card number. The token is only good for transactions from Luxis. So, no other company or individual can use the token to apply a charge to your credit card. This keeps your credit card number extra secure!
Firewalls
We protect all personal information stored in our computer systems behind a network security system called a “firewall.” We only permit our authorized staff and authorized third party service providers to access our computer systems, and then only for the purposes described in this privacy policy.
What technologies do we use to enhance your shopping experience?
To improve our Site and to make your online experience more enjoyable, we may collect anonymous information about all visitors to our Site, through the use of cookies and other technologies.
Use of Cookies on our web site
Luxis makes limited use of “cookies”. A cookie is a small amount of data that is transmitted to your browser by a web server and can only be read by the server that gave it to you. The data is primarily related to proper price and offer calculations. It is not stored on your computer for future visits.
Links to other web sites
Luxis may offer links to other web sites. Luxis is not responsible for the content or information collection policies of the other sites. If you visit another site, you should review their privacy and other policies.
What is adware? What is spyware?
Adware is software that is installed on your computer that can, for example, create pop-up advertisements or cause your browser to be redirected to other websites. We do not participate in or use third-party services that use adware. Spyware is also software that is installed on your computer that can, for example, record and transmit information regarding the websites you visit, or record or transmit your keystrokes to a third party. Spyware, like adware, is often installed without the knowledge of the person using the computer.
Children’s Privacy?
This Site and the products we sell are not directed towards children. We do not knowingly collect any personal information from children under 18 years of age.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
By using this Site and doing business with Luxis, you consent to the collection and use of your personal information as described herein. We reserve the right to change, modify or amend this policy from time to time. If our privacy policy changes, we will notify you by publishing the new policy on our Site together with its effective date. Once effective, the new policy will apply to all personal information we currently hold, whether collected before or after the new policy’s effective date. Your continued use of this web site after any changes have been posted indicates your agreement to the revised terms. We encourage you to periodically review our current privacy policy.
Who can answer questions about these policies?
Any customer service representative can answer questions about any of the policies listed on this Site. You can also direct questions to:
Privacy Officer, 1292 S 7th St, DeKalb, IL 60115
Experience our excellent customer service
1.800.628.4693
Resources
Shipping Info
Policies
Site Map
Accepted Credit Cards
Hours
Monday – Friday
8AM-5PM (Central time)
Address
1292 South 7th St.
DeKalb, IL 60115
Phone
Experience our excellent customer service:
1-815-981-3793, or toll-free 1-800-628-4693
Sign up for our Newsletter
*
Name
First
Last
CAPTCHAEmailThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Contact Us
Luxis | Copyright © 2020 | All Rights Reserved | Designed & Developed by