https://magnumpowers.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy | Magnum Powers
Privacy Policy – Magnum Powers
Menu
Home
About Magnum Powers
Contact
Login/Register
Call Us NowPhone: (971) 226-9006
0
Cart
Menu
Skip to content
HOME
SHOP BY VEHICLE
Ford F150 Lightning
Jeep Wrangler
Ford Thunderbird TC Supercharger
Honda Civic
SHOP SERVICES
LEARNING CENTER
Valve Spring Tool
Valve Spring Data
NEWS
Search for:
Search
Privacy Policy
Magnum Powers Privacy Policy
Magnum Powers Privacy Policy
The use of and access to the information on this site is subject to the terms and conditions set out in the Agreement to use this website. Please review this Agreement and Privacy Statement prior to proceeding further.
SECURITY & PRIVACY INFORMATION
Any consumer information gathered on this Site may be used for aggregate research, promotional purposes and/or for future site development. In particular we may use information gathered about you for the following purposes: to send you or, where appropriate, your organization, information about us and promotional material about our products together with details of any offers we may have available from time to time; to monitor interest in our range of products and to assist us to tailor the content of our Site to your needs by collecting information about your preferences through tracking patterns of page views on this site; and to create a profile relating to you in order to show you the content that might be of interest to you and to display the content according to your preferences.
Disclosure of Information
Magnum Powers, LLC. will not disclose personal identifiable information that you provide on this Site to any third parties other than to a Magnum Powers, LLC. agent, except: 1) in accordance with the terms of this privacy policy statement, or 2) to comply with valid legal requirements such as law, regulation, warrant, subpoena or court order.
Cookies
Magnum Powers, LLC. in common with many website operators, may use standard technology called cookies on this Site. Cookies are small data files that are downloaded onto your computer when you visit a particular website. You can disable cookies by turning them off in your browser; however, some areas of this Site may not function properly if you do so.
Security
This Site incorporates appropriate safeguards using industry standard technology to heighten the security, accuracy and privacy of any personal information we have collected and we have put in place reasonable precautions to protect information from loss and misuse. Our security and privacy policies are periodically reviewed and enhanced as required.
Policy Change
If we alter our privacy policy, any changes will be posted on this page of our Site so that you are always informed of the information we collect about you, and how we use it and the circumstances under which we may disclose it. Please check back from time to time to ensure you are aware of our current privacy policy.
We appreciate your interest and hope that you enjoy visiting the Site.
Contact Details
If at any time you wish to contact Magnum Powers, LLC. with any question or complaint or to exercise any of the rights set out in this privacy policy statement you may do so by contacting Magnum Powers, LLC.
“It has been a pleasure working with Charles of Magnum Powers. He answered all my questions and guided me through my Jeep build."
- Robert
The Magnum Supercharger would be my first mod, if I had to do it all over again. It's easy on a stock motor, sounds too cool, and doesn't lock up like some of those other blowers on the market. And did I mention the price!!!
- Bruce, aka Fast Gator
Example
Magnum Powers is located in Forest Grove, OR and has been designing and manufacturing aftermarket components to the car enthusiast since 1996.
INFORMATIONAbout Magnum Powers
Magnum Powers Two-Year Limited Warranty
Privacy Policy
OUR SERVICESSupercharger Consulting
CONTACT US
Magnum Powers, LLC
7580 NW Meadow Lake
Rd Carlton, OR 97111
(971) 226-9006
charles_warner@mindspring.com
HOME
SHOP BY VEHICLE
SHOP SERVICES
LEARNING CENTER
NEWS
© 2020 Magnum Powers LLC
Accepted Payment MethodsAmerican ExpressDiscoverMasterCardVisa