https://magneticosleep.com/privacy-policy/
Magnetico Inc. Privacy Policy
Our Commitment to Your Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.
The Information We Collect:
The information we receive, and how we use it, depends on what you do when visiting our web site. We collect and use your non-personal information (information that is not identifiable to you personally) differently than your personal information.
Personal Information
This notice applies to all information submitted or collected on our website, www.magneticosleep.com. On some pages, you can order products or request to receive informational materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
Name
Address
Phone Number
Email address
Credit card information
The Way We Use Your Personal Information:
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order. We DO NOT SHARE this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete your order.
We use the information you provide about yourself when requesting information only to send that information to you. We DO NOT SHARE your information with any outside parties.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are NOT SHARED with outside parties.
Non-Personal Information
This notice applies to all information we collect through this web site that does not identify you as an individual person. It may include information such as the following:
The type of web browser software you use
The name of the domain from which you access the Internet
The Internet address of the web site from which you linked directly to our website
The date and time you access our website
The pages you have visited on our website
If you visit our website to read or download information about our products, we may collect certain non-personal information about you from your computer. This information is collected from your computer’s web browser. If you only read or download information on our web site, we do not collect or learn your name, email address, home address, or other personal information about you. Because non-personal information cannot identify you or be tied to you in any way, there are no restrictions on the ways that we can use or share non-personal information. We are always looking for ways to better serve you and improve this website. We will use non-personal information from you to help us make this web site more useful to visitors. We will use non-personal information only for the purpose of creating reports for internal use to develop programs, products, services or content.
Our Commitment to Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How to Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call us at 403-730-0883 or 800-265-1119 (North America wide) or send us an email at info@magneticosleep.com.
Leave a Reply Cancel reply
Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
Close Menu
×
×Cart