https://majesticturbo.com/helpful-info/mtw-warranty-returns-policies/
Skip to content
MTW Warranty Returns & Policies
PAYMENT POLICY
We accept all major credit cards – Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Discover. If you are going to make a payment with a credit card over the phone we have a credit card authorization form that is required to be filled out and submitted prior to charging your card.
If you are not able to fill out the form, we can return your turbo for cashiers check or money order.
All turbos are shipped out with a signature required to receive.
LIMITED WARRANTY
Majestic Turbo Waco expressly warrants that all work performed by Majestic Turbo Waco will be performed in a good and workmanlike manner. The warranty provided by Majestic Turbo Waco and the obligations and liabilities of Majestic Turbo Waco under this Agreement are in lieu of all other warranties, guarantees, conditions, or liabilities, expressed or implied, arising by law or otherwise, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, and further including without limitation, consequential damages, whether or not occasioned by Majestic Turbo Waco’s negligence. Any such warranty shall not be extended, altered or varied except by a written instrument executed by Majestic Turbo Waco. In the event of any failure, defect, or malfunction of any parts or services provided by Majestic Turbo Waco, the only remedy available shall be a refund of the purchase price or repair or replacement of the defective product or defective part, at Majestic Turbo Waco’s sole discretion.  All claims that the goods or services provided pursuant to this Agreement are defective or otherwise nonconforming must be brought to the notice of Majestic Turbo Waco within (6) months of the invoice date. Failure to timely bring any such claim will result in final waiver of any such claim. Products sold by Majestic Turbo Waco that carry manufacturer warranties must be returned to manufacturer for warranty processing, no exceptions are allowed. All findings and results of warranty inspections are dependent solely on manufacturer’s discretion, as Majestic Turbo Waco had no involvement in pre or post production of said product. Manufacturer warranty information is available upon request. Payment constitutes acceptance of these and all terms and conditions in this warranty statement.
A copy of the original invoice and a Majestic Turbo Waco RGA# and form must accompany products in order to make warranty claim. All products must include all parts including the housings. Disassembly of products, neglect, abuse, improper installation, lack of lubrication, contamination, foreign object damage, use of sealants, improper operating conditions, misuse or misapplication of product will void any warranty. Majestic Turbo Waco shall determine in its sole discretion whether any product meets the conditions of the warranty provided herein. Shipping costs are not included in warranty. If a returned item is deemed non-warrantable or there is no defect in turbo, you will incur a service fee and return shipping costs.
CORES
All cores must be returned within (10) days of exchange to receive core credit. All returned cores will be graded to determine amount of credit and is the sole discretion of Majestic Turbo Waco.
WARRANTY RETURNS
In order to warranty a part, or turbo, it must be returned to us for inspection in its “as-is” condition (not cleaned or disassembled). In some cases, we must forward the part or turbo to the manufacturer in order for them to do their own inspection. This process can take 1-2 weeks. Your warranty return must have a copy of original invoice, an RGA# and form filled out.
TO SAVE YOU TIME, MONEY, AND FRUSTRATION: PLEASE LISTEN TO OUR ADVICE:
All too often, in the event of malfunction of a turbocharged engine, the turbocharger is immediately assumed to be at fault and is replaced. Without proper diagnosis of turbocharger failure this can lead to a very frustrating and expensive time. Frequently, the replacement unit soon fails, finally prompting an investigation into the real cause of the initial failure.
THIS IS AVOIDABLE WITH SYSTEMATIC TROUBLE-SHOOTING.
Stringent quality control makes it extremely unlikely that a turbocharger could leave the factory, or our shop, incorrectly assembled, or not up to specifications. A “bad” turbocharger would operate badly almost from the moment of installation, but a turbocharger which has operated successfully for a period of time, and then fails, almost invariably fails because of a deficiency in the operation of the associated engine systems. Years of actual experience with service failures demonstrate the major cause of turbocharger failures to be faulty lubrication systems. Abnormal wear in the bearings or seals results from abrasive contaminants in the oil, or an insufficient supply of oil. Other systems, such as fuel and ignition, can also play a part in causing engine troubles in which turbocharger system malfunction is originally suspected.
Even perfectly operational turbocharger system components cannot compensate for incorrect engine operating procedures, deficiencies in the engine oil supply, oil drain, ignitions, air induction, fuel, or exhaust systems, or for damaged internal engine components.
Abandoned Parts Policy
MAJESTIC TURBO WACO IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR TURBOCHARGERS OR PARTS LEFT IN OUR SHOP OVER 30 DAYS!
All turbochargers and parts left over 30 days will be considered abandoned and will be scrapped (unless prior arrangements have been made/storage fees may apply).
PRIVACY POLICY
Last Updated: April 22, 2020
We value your privacy very highly. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully before using the https://majesticturbo.com Website (the "Website") operated by Majestic Turbo Waco in Waco, Texas ("us", "we", "our") as this Privacy Policy contains important information regarding your privacy and how we may use the information we collect about you.
Your access to and use of the Website is conditional upon your acceptance of and compliance with this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy applies to everyone, including, but not limited to: visitors, users, and others, who wish to access or use the Website.
By accessing or using the Website, you agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy. If you disagree with any part of the Privacy Policy, then you do not have our permission to access or use the Website.
Cookies
A cookie is a small piece of data sent from a website and stored on your computer by your web browser. The file is added once you agree to store cookies on your computer or device, and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow sites to respond to you as an individual. The Website can tailor its operations to your needs, likes, and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
Children's Privacy
This Website is intended for use by a general audience and does not offer services to children. Should a child whom we know to be under 13 send personal information to us, we will use that information only to respond directly to that child to inform him or her that they cannot use this Website.
How may we use your information
We may use the information that you provide us for the following: analytics, contact you, provide services, answer questions, send you email newsletters, and register for an account.
Sale of your information
We do not sell your personal information. To opt-out of future sales, contact us at info@majesticturbo.com
Analytics Programs
This Website uses Google Analytics and other analytics programs to collect information about you and your behaviors. If you would like to opt out of Google Analytics, please visit https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/
Third-Party websites
This Website may contain hyperlinks to websites operated by parties other than us. We provide such hyperlinks for your reference only. We do not control such websites and are not responsible for their contents or the privacy or other practices of such websites. It is up to you to read and fully understand their Privacy Policies. Our inclusion of hyperlinks to such websites does not imply any endorsement of the material on such websites or any association with their operators.
Do Not Track Signals
Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked. We do not support Do Not Track (" DNT "). You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of your web browser.
Opting out of us collecting personal information
You may opt-out of us collecting your personal information at any time by not inputting data into our website, by clicking unsubscribe on emails, and by contacting us.
Changes to Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to amend this policy at any time without any prior notice to you.
Questions
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at info@majesticturbo.com