https://marijuanavaporizer.com/privacy-policy-2/
About Us
Contact Us
Essential Oils and Herbs
Legal disclaimer
Privacy policy
Hit enter to search or ESC to close
Information provided to MarijuanaVaporizer.com by users through the use of this website will be treated in confidence and will not be disclosed to third parties unless required to do so by law.
MarijuanaVaporizer.com does not store or capture personal information, unless voluntarily offered (for example via feedback forms and e-mail), but merely logs the user’s IP address which is automatically recognised by the web server.
We use cookies for collecting specific user information from the site, but only that which is required for system administration of the web server and we will not collect any other information about you other than for the reason stated above.
This privacy policy only covers MarijuanaVaporizer.com links within these sites to other websites are not covered by this policy.
By continuing to use this site you are considered as understanding and agreeing to the contents of this statement.
Where the provision of personal data is required to enable us to provide a specific service to the user the details collected will only be used for the stated purpose.
Certain sections of this site seek personal information on a voluntary basis; for example, to give feedback on our website. The provision of this information is optional and this will be made clear at the start of each relevant section, as will the intended use of any such information provided.
Notification of changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post these changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information will be collected and how we intend on using it.
Regardless of later updates, we will never use the information you submit under this current policy in a new way without first providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prevent that use.
Summary of terms
Browser
Used to locate and display web pages via a software application. The most popular ones are FireFox and Microsoft Internet Explorer.
Cookie
Message given to a web browser by a web server. The message is then generally stored by the browser in a text file. Each time the browser requests a page from the server, this message is sent back. A cookie’s main objective is to identify users and personalise their visit by customising web pages for them for example by welcoming them by name next time they visit the same site. A site using cookies will usually invite you to provide personal information such as your name, e-mail address and interests.
IP (Internet Protocol)
All networks connected to the Internet speak IP, the technical standard which allows data to be transmitted between two devices. TCP/IP (Transmission Control Protocol/Internet Protocol) is responsible for making sure messages get from one host to another and that the messages are understood.
IP address
If you are connected to the Internet you have one, for example it may look something like this 198.184.98.9
Web server
Delivers (serves up) web pages to your computer
Recent Posts
What Benefits Come With Legalization Of Cannabis In Arizona?
How to go from cannabis seeds to vaping your home-made cannabis
CBD Milk Chocolate Bars: Benefits, Effects, and Best Products
5 Fast Facts That Can Help You Choose Vaping Flavors
What Is The Best CBD Oil Cartridge Flavor?
Reviews
Vaporizer Reviews
Video Reviews
© 2020 Herbal Vaporizer Reviews.
Home
Vaporizer Reviews
Desktop Vaporizers
Portable Vaporizers
Video Reviews
Vaporizer Benefits
Articles
About Us
Contact Us
Essential Oils and Herbs
Legal disclaimer
Privacy policy
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok