https://marinamusic.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Home » Privacy Policy
Marina Music respects our customer’s security and privacy!
What information do we collect?We collect information from you when you register on the site, place an order, or communication such as e-mail, or participate in another site features.
When ordering or registering, we ask you for your name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information.
Does Marina Music use “cookies?”
Like many websites, we use cookies (see below) to enhance your experience and gather information about visitors and visits to our website.
How do we use your information?To personalize your site experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you may be most interested.
To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
To quickly process your transactions.
If you have opted-in to receive our e-mail newsletter, we may send you periodic e-mails. If you would no longer like to receive promotional e-mail from us, please refer to the “How can you opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided to us?” section below. If you have not opted-in to receive e-mail newsletters, you will not receive these e-mails. Visitors who register or participate in other site features such as marketing programs and ‘members-only’ content will be given a choice whether they would like to be on our e-mail list and receive e-mail communications from us.
How do we protect visitor information?We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems and are required to keep the information confidential. When you place orders or access your personal information, we offer the use of a secure server. All sensitive/credit information you supply is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our databases to be only accessed as stated above.What is a cookie?A cookie is a piece of data stored on your hard drive containing information that you relayed to us while you were visiting marinamusic.com. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site. By setting a cookie on marinamusic, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while browsing. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site.
Do we share information with other companies?
No, we absolutely do not. We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information.How can you opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided to us?To modify your e-mail subscriptions, please let us know by modifying your preferences in the “My Account” section. Please note that due to email production schedules you may receive any emails already in production.If your personal information changes (such as your physical or email addresses or if you want to change your password), please login to your ‘My Account’ page where you can update all your user info.Questions and feedbackWe welcome your questions, comments, and concerns about privacy. Please send us any and all feedback pertaining to privacy, or any other issue.If we decide to change any company policy, we will immediately notify all users so that you are always aware of what information we collect and how we use it. Marina Music will always give you a choice as to whether to remain a user in our system.
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
CartNewsletter Sign-Up
Get emails about new releases and special discounts!
Name:
Email:
We respect your email privacy
Powered by AWeber Email Marketing
Marina Music wishes you all peace, love and health!
BLM