http://marimix.com/privacy-statement
Loading... Please wait...
My Account
Order Status
Wish Lists
Gift Certificates
View Cart
Sign in or Create an account
1-888- MARIMIX (627-4649)
MAKE AN IMPACT THIS HOLIDAY SEASON – AND ALL YEAR LONG
Search
Advance Search |
Search Tips
Home
Shop
Our Story
Events & Shows
Customer Service
Order & Shipping InformationShipping & Returns
FAQ
Nutrition Facts
Blog
Contact Us
Shop
Best Sellers
Shop By Price Range
Over $50
Under $20
Under $20 - $30
Under $30 - $40
Under $40 - $50
Shop By Gift Type
Premium Gold Tins
Jumbo Tin
Signature Gold Tins
Speciality Gift Boxes
Organza Wrapped Gifts
Premium Snack Bags
Favor Packs
Single Snack Bags
Value Pack
Premium Snack Jars
Snack Jars
Organza Wrapped Jars
Business Gifts Ideas
Client Gifts
Employee Gifts
Party Favors
Custom Gifts
Shop By Occasion
St. Patrick Day Special
Birthday
Wedding Celebrations
Anniversary
Mother's Day
Father's Day
July 4th
Back To School
Halloween
Thanksgiving
Holidays
Valentines
Valentines Sale
New Year
Business Gifts
Sign-Up for Marimix News & Promotions
Name:
Email Address:
HomePrivacy Statement
Privacy Statement
This website ("Marimix.com") is owned and operated by The Marimix Company, Inc. Marimix.com recognizes the importance of maintaining the privacy of our customers ("Customers"), registered members ("Members") and other website users (collectively "Users"), and we have posted this privacy policy ("Policy") to describe our practices regarding the collection and use of information gathered through Marimix.com. This Policy applies only to Users accessing Marimix.com from within the United States. This Policy is effective as of 11/01/05. We may from time to time update this Policy and invite you to review this page periodically. In the event this Policy changes, we will inform you by posting an updated Policy on this web page. All changes will go into effect on the date that is posted in our Policy. The new Policy will apply to all past and current users of Marimix.com and will replace any prior Policies.
Note: You must be a U.S. resident 18 years or older to register as a Member or use Marimix.com.
What Information We Collect and How We Use It
Marimix.com does not collect personally identifiable information from individuals unless they provide it to us voluntarily and knowingly. This means we don't require Users to register or provide information to us in order to view our site.
If you choose to become a Member, we collect the following information about you: name, address, phone number, email address, username, password, birth date. We also collect the names, addresses, and phone numbers of those persons whom you add to your personal address book as a Member, which is only accessible by using the Member's log-in information. We use the information you supply for the purpose of providing the services you have requested. In addition, Marimix.com may from time-to-time contact you via email or regular mail, unless you opt-out as described in this privacy policy.
If you shop with us via Marimix.com, we collect the following information about you: name, address, phone number, email address, billing information including credit card number and expiration date as well as the names, addresses and phone numbers of gift recipients (if any). We use your name, address, phone number, billing information/credit card information to process your order or in accordance with this privacy policy. The email address you provide is used for internal purposes, such as confirming and tracking your order or otherwise as described in this privacy policy. We may also contact you via email or regular mail from time-to-time to keep you up-to-date on the latest Marimix.com news or to send you our latest catalog. Additionally, gift recipients may, from time to time, receive our latest catalog as well as offers from us regarding new products and services that we thinkmay be of interest to them. We allow gift recipients the option to opt out of receiving future marketing related mailings from us.
In certain instances we may disclose your personally identifiable information when we have reason to believe that it is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against persons or entities who may be causing injury to you, The Marimix Company or others. We may also disclose your personally identifiable information when we believe the law requires it. In the event of a merger, consolidation or sale or transfer of all or substantially all of our company or its assets, it is possible that all User information collected by Marimix.com will be transferred to the purchaser or the new company.
Updating, Deleting, Editing Your Member Information
A Member can access, review and/or correct all of their personally identifiable information that was provided to us online by visiting us at Marimix.com. If a Member wishes to have their account deleted, the Member can send an email requesting the deletion to customercare@marimix.com.
About Cookies
Marimix.com uses "cookies". A cookie is a small file that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. We use cookies to help us determine whether a User has visited Marimix.com before or if they are new User. Cookies also allow Members to save time during checkout in return visits. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but they should also allow you to instruct your browser to prevent the use of cookies. Please note that if you disable cookies certain aspects of Marimix.com will not function properly, such as the shopping basket. The cookie doesn't track any personal information about you or provide us with any way to contact you, and the cookie doesn't extract any information from your computer.
Online Promotions
Marimix.com sometimes includes notices of promotions we are conducting, and we may permit you to enter electronically in some cases. If that occurs, we will use the information you provide for the purpose of conducting the promotion (e.g., to contact you if you're a winner). In addition, we may participate in internet related promotions sponsored by third parties. In these instances, if you are a participant in such promotions, we may provide certain personally identifiable information to these third parties in furtherance of the promotion. These parties have agreed to hold this information in confidence, not use it for any purpose except to carry out the requested service, and honor Marimix.com's privacy and security policies in the way this information is handled.
Market Research
From time to time, Marimix.com may also conduct questionnaires and surveys and we may contact you via email, postal mail or phone. Survey information is treated like all of the information we collect, and it is used to help us improve the appeal of our products and our site.
Third Parties Service Providers
Marimix.com sometimes employs other companies and individuals to perform services for us. For example, we hire agencies to help administer consumer promotions, to analyze data, to fulfill orders you place, and to provide customer service. These parties have agreed to hold this information in confidence, not use it for any purpose except to carry out the requested service, and honor The Marimix Company's privacy and security policies in the way this information is handled.
Security
Marimix.com takes your privacy and security seriously. For this reason we have established security measures including locked doors and files, electronic security and managerial controls that limit the potential for misuse of information by employees, contractors and other third parties.
Opting Out
If you would rather not receive marketing emails or mail order catalogs from us, please opt-out by e-mailing us at customercare@marimix.com. Please note that removal from our postal lists may take up to 2 to 4 weeks to be effective.
Your California Privacy Rights
Marimix.com does not sell or share your personal information to third parties or affiliates for their use in marketing to you unless you agree to this in advance.
Contacting Marimix.com
If you have any questions about our Policy, you can e-mail us at customercare@marimix.com or contact us by mail at: The Marimix Company Inc., 987 North Enterprise St., Orange, CA 92867. We'll be happy to answer your questions or hear your concerns.
To make purchases online at Marimix.com, you must allow your computer to accept "cookies" if it asks. Computer "cookies" are safe and are simply the best way for us to offer you the most enjoyable and hassle-free online shopping environment. .
Prices effective October 1, 2019 .
Prices are subject to change without prior notice .
Privacy Statement
| Disclaimers | Terms of Use | Sitemap | Contact Us