https://markhansonguitar.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Newsletter subscription forms
When you provide your email address via the sign-up form, and confirm by clicking the link in the follow-up email, we will store your email address in the Benchmark Email service, and use it only to deliver our regular email newsletters.  You can unsubscribe at any time by using the link provided on each newsletter. Find Benchmark’s privacy policy here.
To send you emails, we use the name and email address you provide us. This website sends emails through the Benchmark Email platform. This service allows us to track opens and clicks on our emails. We use this information to improve the content of our newsletters. No identifiable information is otherwise tracked.
Online ordering
Any online orders involving payment made through this website are processed via the secure online shopping cart system from Stripe. Card details are processed using an SSL secure form.
We do not see or store any card data or payment information beyond receiving order info and payment receipt emails from Stripe.
Embedded content from other websites
Pages on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website. These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
In particular, we use a Facebook Feed plugin to display social media content on our website. As a result, our website makes requests to Facebook’s servers in order to display images and videos. These requests make your IP address visible to Facebook, who may use it in accordance with their data privacy policy: https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/update
Analytics
We do not use analytics software on this website. Our hosting provider may however collect usage data.
Who we share your data with
Within Accent on Music, data is held by designated employees and shared with others on the team only where that is necessary for the purposes for which we obtained consent when the data was provided.
We share your data only with those third parties necessary to deliver the activities, services or products you have requested.
How long we retain your data
For data records relating to transactions, we will normally retain this for 7 years as it forms part of our financial records.
What rights you have over your data
You can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us.
You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
You can also ask us at any time to correct the data we hold about you.
Finally
This privacy policy remains under review and may be amended at any time. Please return to view the latest version.
Search
Search for:
Updates and Resources
Announcements (18)
Free tabs (9)
Interviews (2)
Press (7)
Stories (34)
Tips from Mark (46)
Uncategorized (2)
Product CategoriesFeatured Products
Beginning
Intermediate
Advanced
Digital Downloads
Mail-Order Products
Instruction Books
Instruction Videos
Individual Tabs
Albums
Sign Up for Monthly Email Updates
Subscribe
Contact Mark
Contact the Office of Accent On Music, LLC19363 Willamette Dr. PMB #252, West Linn, OR 97068503-699-1814info@accentonmusic.comNavigateCalendar
Guitar Lessons
Tips & Articles
Shop
Orders and Shipping Policies
Privacy Policy
Sign Up for Mark’s Updates & Tips
Subscribe for Updates