https://marray.com/privacy-notice-2.html
My Account
Checkout
Blog
Login
Menu
Home
New Products
Specials
My Account
Contact Us
Privacy Notice
marray.com respects your need for personal privacy and has made protecting personal information a top priority. Our customers will always have complete control over the personal information they provide to marray.com and how this information is used. The guidelines below detail the marray.com privacy policy.
Your personal information makes marray.com a better shopping experience, because:
You get what you need more quickly.
In order to have a site that's easy to use, marray.com tracks how customers move around our site.
You enjoy a personalized site.
marray.com collects some demographic and interest-related information during registration. We use this information to customize your shopping experience. We will also personalize the site based on your movements through the site.
It eases product shipment.
When you order products, you will be asked to provide personal information related to shipping (e.g., billing and shipping addresses) and payment (e.g., credit card type, number and expiration date). This information will be used to make sure you receive your order. It will be stored to make it easier for you to shop with us in the future, but it will not be shared with a third party.
You're able to keep track of what's going on at marray.com.
We may ask for your e-mail address for a variety of reasons: to enroll you in a contest or promotion, process an order or add you to our mailing list. We will only send e-mail to customers who have asked to be added to our mailing list and to others regarding a contest or order. If you don't want to receive future mailings, you can simply edit your personal account.
You can share marray.com with others.
We'd love for you to tell others about marray.com. Should you choose to send an electronic postcard or e-mail to a friend from our site, we will not use that friend's e-mail for any purpose other than your mail.
You can participate in online communities.
marray.com's message boards give you the opportunity to communicate with other people interested in access hardware. Everything you disclose about yourself on these message boards is public, so please remember to exercise caution.
It helps us improve our customer service.
From time to time, marray.com may collect information from customer service calls in order to provide answers to customers' questions. Only the material of the question and the answer will be used, no personal information will be shared.
Some customers visit marray.com through sites that marray.com shares with a partner. marray.com only enters into co-branded site relationships with third parties that have a privacy policy consistent with marray.com's. Both marray.com and the third party will have access to the information customers provide on these co-branded stores.
marray.com's Secure Shopping Guarantee
marray.com protects all shopping transactions with the Internet standard for secure shopping, Secure Socket Layer (SSL). SSL uses encryption to ensure that all information shared between a customer and a web site is protected from outside observation or interference. All information we collect and store is protected internally against unauthorized access. marray.com employees are also briefed on the proper handling, treatment and protection of personal information.
marray.com and Cookies
marray.com only uses your cookie to track individual user identification so that we can maintain the personalized elements of your shopping experience, including shopping cart information and your user registration. Should you decline to let marray.com use a cookie on your browser, most browsers, like Microsoft Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox, or Netscape Navigator, give you this option. You will still be able to shop at marray.com, but you will not be able to take advantage of some of our enhanced shopping features.
Information Sharing
marray.com does not sell, trade or rent your personal information to others. We do share information with our co-branding partners, but only if the partner has an appropriate privacy policy. marray.com may in the future choose to share this information with trustworthy third parties, but you can tell us not to by sending an e-mail message to unsubscribe@marray.com.
For a variety of auditing and reporting purposes,marray.com may provide aggregate demographic information about our customers, sales, traffic patterns and related site information to reputable third-party vendors, but it will not include any information that could be used to identify individual users.
Links to Third-Party Sites
There may be hyperlinks on the marray.com site that will take customers off of the site. marray.com cannot guarantee the privacy policy of those sites. Customers should be sure to check the privacy policy of a site before sharing any information with it.
Your Consent and Future Changes to Our Privacy Policy
By using our web site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by marray.com. Please be sure to check our privacy policy page for any future updates to our practices. marray.com, may in future, send you an email to notify you of a change in this privacy notice.
Categories
Cylindrical Locks ( Electric )
Door Monitoring Switches
Drill Bits
Electric Swing Clear Hinge
Electrification Kits
Electrified Exit Device
Electrified Hinges
Modification & Repair
Mortise Locks ( Electric )
Parts Catalog
Perfect Raceway Tool
Pivots
Power Door Loops
Information
About Marray, Inc.
Contact Marray
IFDIA
Literature & Templates
Perfect Raceway Program
Privacy Notice
Shipping & Returns
Terms
Video Tutorials
Join our Newsletter
Follow us
Language
English
Featured Products
Schlage Electric ND96 Kit
Price Varies
Details
View All Featured
compare_arrows
Returns & Exchange
phone
Toll Free: (800) 500-1449
send
Fax orders to: (775) 246-8021