https://marthasgourds.com/privacy.php
Cleaned and Dried, Ready-to-Craft Gourds For Sale
Home
Gourding Info
Ready-to-Craft Gourds
Decorated Gourds
Buy Gourds
Whole Gourds
Gourd Bowls
Gourd Banks
Gourd Vases
Gourd Masks
Diorama Gourds
See All Gourds >>
Gourd Info
Growing Gourds
Drying Gourds
Cutting Gourds
Crafting with Gourds
All Gourd Info >>
Email Newsletter
Name:
Email:
About Us
About Us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
MarthasGourds.com Privacy Policy
The privacy of our MarthasGourds.com website visitors and Martha's Gourds customers is important to us, so we have posted this privacy policy.
Here is information about what types of personal information we receive and collect when you use and visit MarthasGourds.com, and how we safeguard your information. To be absolutely clear, we never sell your personal information to third parties.
Log Files
As with most other websites, we collect and use the data contained in log files. The information in the log files include your IP (internet protocol) address, your ISP (internet service provider, such as AOL or Shaw Cable), the browser you used to visit our site (such as Internet Explorer or Firefox), the time you visited our site and which pages you visited throughout our site.
Cookies and Web Beacons
We do use cookies to store information, such as your personal preferences when you visit our site. For example, we may only show you a popup once in your visit or once per month, rather than all the time.
We also use third party advertisements on MarthasGourds.com to support our site. You may see these ads in our how-to articles. Some of these advertisers may use technology such as cookies and web beacons when they advertise on our site, which will also send these advertisers (such as Google through the Google AdSense program) information including your IP address, your ISP , the browser you used to visit our site, and in some cases, whether you have Flash installed. This is generally used for geotargeting purposes (showing Pennsylvania real estate ads to someone in Pennsylvania, for example) or showing certain ads based on specific sites visited (such as showing gardening ads to someone who frequents gardening sites).
DoubleClick DART cookies
We also may use DART cookies for ad serving through Google's DoubleClick, which places a cookie on your computer when you are browsing the web and visit a site using DoubleClick advertising (including some Google AdSense advertisements). This cookie is used to serve ads specific to you and your interests ("interest based targeting.") The ads served will be targeted based on your previous browsing history (see the gardening example mentioned previously). DART uses "non personally identifiable information." It does NOT track personal information about you, such as your name, email address, physical address, telephone number, social security number, bank account numbers, or credit card numbers. You can opt-out of this ad serving on all sites using this advertising by visiting http://www.doubleclick.com/privacy/dart_adserving.aspx
You can chose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third-party cookies in your browser settings, or by managing preferences in programs such as Norton Internet Security. However, this can affect how you are able to interact with our site as well as other websites. This could include the inability to login to services or programs, such as logging into forums or accounts.
Deleting cookies does not mean you are permanently opted out of any advertising program. Unless you have settings that disallow cookies, the next time you visit a site running the advertisements, a new cookie will be added.
Personal Information
When you place an order with us over the phone, we must collect your personal information in order to process your order. Your information is kept private and will never be sold or rented to anyone. Your credit card information is not stored after your order is shipped.
Member of: American Gourd Society | Pennsylvania Gourd Society
Copyright © 2005-2020 Martha's Gourds