https://mattressdirectonline.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Menu
Home
Brands
Puffy
Layla
Bear
Dreamcloud
Keetsa
WinkBed
Purple
Accessories
Mattress Info
Who We Are
At mattressdirectonline.com, we are committed to maintaining the trust and confidence of all visitors to our web site. In particular, we want you to know that mattressdirectonline.com is not in the business of selling, renting or trading email lists with other companies and businesses for marketing purposes.
In this Privacy Policy, we’ve provided detailed information on when and why we collect personal information, how we use it, the limited conditions under which we may disclose it to others, and how we keep it secure.
We take your privacy seriously and take measures to provide all visitors and users of mattressdirectonline.com with a safe and secure environment.
Cookies
mattressdirectonline.com may set and access mattressdirectonline.com cookies on your computer.  Cookies are used to provide our system with the basic information to provide the services you are requesting.  Cookies can be cleared at any time from your internet browser settings.
Google Analytics
When someone visits mattressdirectonline.com we use a third party service, Google Analytics, to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behavior patterns. We do this to track things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site and interactions with the site. This information is processed in a way which does not identify anyone. We do not make, and do not allow Google to make, any attempt to find out the identities of visitors to our website
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We may make changes to our Privacy Policy in the future, however, the most current version of the policy will govern our processing of your personal data and will always be available to you.
If we make a change to this policy that, in our sole discretion, is material, we will notify you by an update or email, where possible. By continuing to access or use our services, you agree to be bound to the terms of our Privacy Policy.
Embedded Content from Other Websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Do NOT follow this link or you will be banned from the site!
error: Content is protected !!