https://maximuminternational.com/privacy.php
Top
Shipping & ReturnsCreate an AccountLog in
Search:
Home
New
Featured
Top sellers
Specials
Brands
Reviews
Contacts
Now in your cart 0 itemsShopping Cart:
Top » Catalog » Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
Privacy and Child Protection Policy
Maximuminternational.com cares about the privacy of each
user of its Web site ("user" or "you"), including those who trust us
enough to place orders. In order to protect the privacy of its users,
maximuminternational.com has adopted the following policy:
I. General Information
When you use the Web site some basic general information is
collected. This information is used to improve the Web site and make
your use of the Web site as enjoyable and efficient as possible.
Cookies are also used to help us determine the various services you use
and the support you may need, and to help us detect and solve any
problems you may have when using the Web site.
This general information is used internally in connection
with MaximumInternational.com business, including
MaximumInternational.com personal, marketing and advertising
efforts.
II. Personal Information
When you set up an account on the Web site or purchase an
item from the Web site, we collect personal information (which you
provide) that may include your: (I) first and last name; (II) billing
address; (III) shipping address; (IV) other shipping addresses; (V)
email address; (VI) phone number; (VII) credit card account number;
(VIII) items purchased from us; and (IX) browsing, buying and selling
patterns (collectively, "Personal Information").
You can alter or update your Personal Information on the
Web site by creating a new profile or changing your account
information.
Cookies
To shop online at MaximumInternational.com, your browser
will need to be configured to accept cookies. Here how to do it: In
Netscape Navigator 4.x, click the Edit menu and select Preferences from
the browser drop-down menu. In the tree structure, click Advanced.
Under Cookies, click "Accept only cookies that get sent back to the
originating server" and "Warn me before accepting a cookie" (optional).
In Internet Explorer 4.x, click the View menu and select Internet
Options from the drop-down menu. Click the Advanced tab, scroll to the
Security heading, and select "Prompt before accepting cookies." We
suggest that you accept cookies only from Web sites created by
companies you know and trust.
If you wish, you may set your browser to reject all cookies
and still view the site. Because our online ordering system requires
cookies, you will not be able to order online, But you can still place
an order by phone, fax or mail.
III. Use/Sharing of Personal Information
Your name, shipping and billing addresses, and credit card
number(s) are used by MaximumInternational.com in order to provide you
with the goods that you purchase on the Web site. We use your email
address to provide you with information about your order and its
status, and we may occasionally send out emails, including newsletters,
to people who have placed an order online, offering them more great
deals.
Your phone number is used by MaximumInternational.com only
in the event that our customer service representatives need to contact
you about an order you have placed. Personal Information is used
internally in connection with MaximumInternational.com business,
including MaximumInternational.com promotional, marketing and
advertising efforts, in a manner which does not readily identify a user
to any third party.
MaximumInternational.com currently does not share with any
third party any Personal Information that could readily identify any
user. However, if we do not receive "Do Not Share" instructions from a
user, we reserve the right to share or sell such user Personal
Information which could readily identify such user with or to third
parties in connection with MaximumInternational.com business,
including creating and selling lists and user profile information.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, MaximumInternational.com will not
divulge any user credit card information to any third party without
such user prior consent.
Credit Card Security
The Internet is a vast network of computers. Because the
data passes from computer to computer, some Internet shoppers worry
that unauthorized persons may intercept the data and gain access to
credit card numbers, but shopping on a secure site is actually safer
than handing a credit card to a waiter in a restaurant. Taking the
steps below will lower the chances of interception of your credit card
number:
Limit your online shopping to Internet merchants, such as
MaximumInternational.com, with sites equipped with Secure Sockets Layer
(SSL) technology. SSL prevents unauthorized people from intercepting
your data.
Use a browser, such as Netscape Navigator or Internet
Explorer, that supports SSL. These browsers show a symbol in the status
bar, such as a key or lock, when you are on a site that uses SSL. Most
banks will cover the cost of fraud resulting from unauthorized use of
your credit card or may limit your liability.
Credit card information collected by MaximumInternational.com is
encrypted through Secure Sockets Layer before it is transmitted over
the Internet. MaximumInternational.com fully cooperates with law
enforcement agencies in identifying those who use our services for
illegal activities, and may in its sole discretion disclose Personal
Information or other information to satisfy any law, regulation,
subpoena, or government request. MaximumInternational.com reserves the
right to release Personal Information or other information about users
who we believe are engaged in illegal activities or are otherwise in
violation of our Terms of Use, even without a subpoena, warrant or
court order, if we believe in our sole discretion that such disclosure
is necessary or appropriate to operate the Web site, or to protect the
rights or property of MaximumInternational.com, its affiliates, or any
of their officers, directors, or employees, agents, third-party content
providers, suppliers, sponsors, or licensors. MaximumInternational.com
also reserves the right to report to law enforcement.
IV. Miscellaneous
MaximumInternational.com wants you to be aware that when
you click on links (including advertising banners), which take you to
third-party Web sites, you will be subject to such third party
privacy policies. While we support the protection of privacy on the
Internet, MaximumInternational.com expressly disclaims any and all
liability for the actions of third parties, including without
limitation actions relating to the use and/or disclosure of Personal
Information by third parties.
Our Privacy and Child Protection Policy is subject to
change. In the event of any change, we will provide notice of such
change on this page.
If you have questions about this Privacy and Child
Protection Policy, or believe that MaximumInternational.com has acted
inconsistently with this statement, please contact us.
Continue
Categories
Diet & Nutrition
6 Pack Offers
Sexual Health
Information
Shipping & Returns
Privacy Notice
Conditions of Use
Contact Us
Sales Sheets
Marketing
Our Exclusive Partners
Specials
Testosterole, 60 Veggie Capsules - 6 Pack Special
Price:  $137.97   $275.94
Breast Health, 60 Capsules - 6 Pack Special
Price:  $119.97   $239.94
Sizable, 60 Capsules - 6 Pack Special
Price:  $149.97   $299.94
Bestsellers
01.Testosterole, 60 Veggie Capsules - 6 Pack Special
02.Sizable, 60 Capsules
03.Testosterole, 60 Veggie Caps
04.Maximum Arginine, 90 Tablets
Tag Cloud
Testosterole
Main Menu
Home
Featured
What's New?
Reviews
Our Offers
Top sellers
Specials
Manufacturers
Suppliers
Your Account
Log in
Create an Account
Shipping & Returns
Maximuminternational
© 2020 Privacy Notice   |  Conditions of Use