https://maxtrack.com/privacy-policy/
+44 (0)1531 890955
info@maxtrack.com
0 Items
Privacy Policy
Who we are
Maxtrack.com is operated by Maxtrack Limited
Address:
New Rock
Kempley Road
Dymock
GL18 2BB
Tel: 01531 890955
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
All contact form submissions are stored indefinitely. This is so we can recognise any previous communication. These entries can be deleted on request.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
We use tools like Google Analytics to measure traffic to our site and how users interact with our site. At various times, we may use other tools to measure the efficacy of our marketing campaigns. The Google Analytics terms specify that no personally identifiable information may be collected through the Google Analytics software.
You can opt-out of having your activity on the website made available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on (https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout) for your web browser. The Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on provides visitors with the ability to prevent their data from being collected and used by Google Analytics. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity. For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Who we share your data with
We do not share your data with anyone. Some data is processed by third parties such as Google Analytics, or if you sign up to our newsletter, our email marketing company. Each email sent to you has an unsubscribe link at the bottom.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Your contact information
If you signed up to a newsletter, this can be removed simply by selecting to unsubscribe on the link at the bottom of every email. If you register on our website you can see, edit and delete your information.
Contact Us
Please contact us if you have any questions about our privacy policy or information we hold about you.