https://mayhoods.com/privacy-policy-cookie-restriction-mode/
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Mayhood's Sporting Goods, Inc
Mayhood’s is dedicated to maintaining privacy and security to all visitors and customers on mayhoods.com herein referred to as Site. Our Site tries to provide content that is true and accurate as of the date of writing; however, we give no assurance or warranty regarding the accuracy, timeliness, or applicability of any of the contents.
Information Collected
You may visit our Site without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself. Our web servers routinely collect the IP addresses of our visitors. Our web servers do not collect the e-mail address or any other personal information on our visitors unless you choose to fill out our online forms. In order to provide the information you request, we will need to collect personal information from you. The information collected from you may include your name, address, telephone or e-mail address.
Use of Collected Information
Mayhood’s Sporting Goods, Inc is the sole owner of the information collected on this Site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to any other party. Any IP addresses collected through our site are for the informational purposes of Mayhood’s to measure the number of visits, average time spent on the site, pages viewed, etc. We in turn use this information to evaluate the use of our site and to improve the content of our site. This information is gathered as a routine method of running our site.
We are not responsible for the content or the individual privacy policies of the sites we may link to through our Site.
Contacting Us
For additional questions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us at:
Mayhood’s Sporting Goods, Inc
607.334.2001
maysports@frontiernet.net
Terms of Use / Disclaimer
These Terms of Use apply to your use of our website, mayhoods.com (herein referred to as Site) which are owned and operated Mayhood’s Sporting Goods, Inc.
You use this Site at your own risk. There are no circumstances under which we or any of our subscribers or suppliers will be liable for any damages that may result from the use of, or inability to use, this Site. This includes, but is not limited to, mistakes, deletions or omissions that you may rely on throughout the Site. You expressly understand and agree that this Site and the information available through this Site is provided on an "as is", "as available" basis. Mayhood’s does not warrant that this Site will be uninterrupted or error-free, and makes no warranty as to the accuracy, completeness, authenticity, or reliability of any information available through this Site. We disclaim any and all warranties of any kind with respect to this Site and the information available through the Site. This Site and the information available through this Site is always subject to change. The information contained in or made available by this Site does not and is not intended to convey any form of personal advice to you. The information here cannot replace or substitute professional advice.
Mayhood’s is not responsible for the availability of any other site to which this Site may link, nor do we endorse other sites. By using this Site, you agree to be bound to these Terms of Use. You should check these Terms of Use periodically for changes. By using this Site after we post any changes to these Terms of Use you agree to accept those changes, whether or not you have reviewed them. Please do not use this Site if you do not agree to these Terms of Use.
By using this Site you guarantee to Mayhood’s Sporting Goods, Inc that you will not use this Site for any unlawful purpose or any use prohibited in respect to these Terms of Use. You may not copy, transmit, display, reproduce, publish, license, transfer, or sell any Content, including, but not limited to property information, products or services obtained from this Site.
All information provided is deemed reliable but is not guaranteed and should be independently verified.
To Top