https://mca-marines.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
MCA&F PRIVACY POLICY
Our privacy policy is an extension of our commitment to combine the highest quality products and services with the highest level of integrity in dealing with our visitors, members, donors, shoppers, and other partners. The policy is designed to assist you in understanding how we collect, use, and safeguard the personal information you provide to us, and to assist you in making informed decisions when using our site and our products and services. This statement will be regularly assessed against new technologies, business practices, and our customers’ needs.
The policy shall apply to all portions of the Marine Corps Association & Foundation web site(s), (collectively and individually, hereinafter referred to as the “MCA&F web site,” the “web site,” or the “site.”) Access to and use of the MCA&F web site is available only to individuals who can form legally binding contracts under applicable law. If you do not qualify, you may not use the MCA&F web site. If you are a minor under the age of 15, you may use the MCA&F web site only in conjunction with your parent, legal guardian, or other responsible adult supervision. We urge supervising adults to actively oversee minors’ on-line use.
COLLECTION OF INFORMATION
INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE TO US
When you opt to create or modify your account and/or submit various financial transactions through the Marine Corps Association & Foundation’s site you are asked to provide certain “Basic Registration Information” including your name, address, phone, current e-mail address, date of birth, service information, and other information you choose to provide.  This information is submitted voluntarily.
If you choose to correspond further with us through e-mail, we may retain the content of your e-mail messages together with your e-mail address and our responses. We provide the same protections for these electronic communications that we employ in the maintenance of information received by mail and telephone.
MCA&F may offer contests, promotional give-a-ways, special membership offers or surveys. Participation is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose such information as user contact and demographic information. Information collected may be used to contact participants of prize notification or for solicitation purposes to join/support the MCA&F.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT THROUGH YOUR USE OF OUR SERVICES
Web site use information is collected through web site browser software tools, such as cookies and web server logs, on an aggregate basis as you and others browse our web site.  Only aggregate data – such as the number of hits per page – are collected.  Aggregate data are only used for internal and marketing purposes and do not provide any personally identifying information.
Additionally for some e-mails sent in HTML format by MCA&F to its members, we will collect specific information regarding what the recipient does with the email.  For these emails, MCA&F will monitor whether a recipient subsequently clicks through to links provided in the message.  Other information collected through this tracking feature includes: email address of a user, the date and time of the user’s “click”, the name of the list from which the message was sent, tracking URL number and destination page.  MCA&F only uses this information to enhance its products and distribution of those products to its members, donors, shoppers, and other partners.  This information is not sold or distributed in any other manner.
This site makes chat rooms, forums, discussion boards, and/or news groups available to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information, and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information. Your right to speak freely here must be exercised with courtesy and self-restraint. Entering a chat room or using a discussion board constitutes your acceptance of the terms and conditions of this site (TOS), including this policy, provided by MCA&F. If you do not agree to abide by these terms and conditions, please do not use these services.
COOKIE STATEMENT
Cookies are files that contain information created by a web server that can be stored on a user’s hard disk for use either during a particular session (‘per-session” cookie) or for future use (“persistent” cookie).
Cookies can remember what information a user accesses on one web page to simplify subsequent interactions with that web site by the same user or to use the information to streamline the user’s transactions on related web pages. This makes it easier for a user to move from web page to web page and to complete commercial transactions over the Internet. Cookies should make your on-line experience easier and more personalized.
Cookies are not used to disseminate significant information about users over the Internet or to analyze any information that users have knowingly or unknowingly provided.
Cookies help us to collect important business and technical statistics. The information in the cookies lets us trace the paths followed by users to our web site as they move from one page to another. Web server logs allow us to count how many people visit our web site and evaluate our web site’s visitor capacity. We do not use these technologies to capture your individual e-mail address or any personally identifying information about you, although they do permit us and third-party vendors to send focused on-line banner advertisements or other such responses to you.  See the OPT OUT section for details on how to Opt Out of cookies from Google and other third-party vendors.
USE OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Broadly speaking, we use personal information for the purposes of administering our business activities, providing customer service, and making available other products and services to our customers and prospective customers. Occasionally, we may also use the information we collect to notify you about important changes to our web site, new products and services, and special events or offers we think you will find valuable.
We may disclose information when legally compelled to do so—in other words, when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires it or for the protection of your, or our legal rights.
The information collected through web site browser software tools assists us in designing and arranging our web pages in the most user-friendly manner and in continually improving our web site to better meet the needs of our customers and prospective customers.
MCA&F is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We reserve the right to share Member information with our affinity partners who may be given access to personal information including your name, mailing address, email, and/or phone number for the purpose of providing you with information regarding value added products and services that we think will be of interest to you. In connection with affinity partner alliances, we retain ownership rights to the information, and we will not share information regarding your personal financial data if the same has been collected.  Please see the Opt Out section for information on how to Opt Out from various MCA&F communications.
We may exchange the names and addresses of our donors with other carefully selected Marine Corps affiliated organizations to build our base of support.
MCA&F reserves the right to share personal information for all constituents with trusted third-party vendors that provide contracted service to MCA&F.  These third-party vendors may be given access to personal information including your name, mailing address, email, and/or phone number solely for the purpose of providing contracted services to MCA&F.  MCA&F retains ownership rights to the information, and we will not share personal financial data if the same has been collected.  Please see Opt Out section for information on how to Opt Out from various MCA&F communications.
From time to time, you may notice offers from MCA&F affinity partners endorsed on our web site. We take measures to select products or service providers that are reputable and have negotiated prices, products, services, and benefits with you, the member, being of paramount importance. However, we cannot make any representations about the practices and policies of these companies.
Any email addresses provided through “Basic Registration Information” or through email correspondence may be used to contact you for other MCA&F solicitations unless you opt out of receiving these emails.
If you use the MCA&F secure on-line server to order merchandise, we ask that you submit the information needed to process the order as requested on the order form. This information is encrypted during transit over the Internet. Our customer service department uses this information to ship your order and/or to contact you should a problem arise with your order. We do not use this information to notify you of other retail products or services, unless you choose this option via a check box or similar device. The information provided may be used for solicitation purposes to join/support the MCA&F.   If a membership is purchased then information may also be shared with MCA&F affinity partners as indicated in this privacy policy.
If you use the MCA&F secure on-line server to join MCA&F, make a donation to MCAF, or register for an MCA or MCAF event, we ask that you submit the information needed to process the order as requested on the order form. This information is encrypted during transit over the Internet and immediately forwarded to the appropriate MCA&F department.  MCA&F uses this information to ship your magazine if applicable, to contact you should a problem arise with your membership/subscription, donation, or event registration, and/or to otherwise follow up with you on your submission. The information provided may be used for solicitation purposes to support the MCA&F.   Member information may also be shared with MCA&F affinity partners as indicated in this privacy policy.
HOW DO I OPT OUT?
Third party vendors such as Google also use information gathered from cookies from the MCA&F website to provide ads on products and services that you may find valuable based on your browsing history.  If you wish to Opt Out of Google’s use of cookies you may do so by visiting Google’s Ads Settings.  To Opt Out of third-party vendor’s use of cookies, visit the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
Users may also instruct their Internet browsers to opt out of accepting a “persistent” cookie and rather accept only a “per-session” cookie, but will need to login each time they visit the MCA&F website to enjoy the full benefits.
You may opt out of receiving email, mail, surveys, and/or telephone communications from MCA&F and/or our Affinity Partners on behalf of MCA&F either by contacting us toll free at 1-866-622-1775 , submitting an electronic communication through the Contact Us link under Membership on the MCA&F website, by adjusting your Opt Out Information in your Personal Profile in the Edit My Profile section under My Account when you are logged in on the website, and/or by selecting the opt out option in any email communication you receive.
You may opt out of any donor/contact sharing by contacting us toll free at 1-866-622-1775 or by submitting an electronic communication through the Contact Us link under Membership on the MCA&F website.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
We utilize encryption/security software to safeguard the confidentiality of personal information we collect. This software provides protection against unauthorized access or disclosure, as well as accidental loss, alteration, or destruction.
We are not responsible for the practices employed by web sites linked to or from the MCA&F web site or for the information or content contained therein. Often links to other web sites are provided solely as pointers to information on topics that may be useful to the users of our web site.
Please remember that when you use a link to go from our web site to another, our privacy policy is no longer in effect.  Your browsing and interaction on any other web site, including those linked to our own, is subject to that web site’s own rules and policies. Please read over those rules and policies when you visit those sites.
We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure.  MCA&F follows industry information security standards including Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards in our business practices.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure.  Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our website.  Inadvertent disclosures may result.  Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk.  We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the website.
CONSENT
By using our web site, you consent to our collection and use of your personal information as described in this privacy policy. If we change our privacy policies and procedures, we will attempt to post those changes on our web site to keep you aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we may disclose it. By using our web site you agree that MCA&F may immediately, without prior notice, issue a warning, temporarily suspend, indefinitely suspend, or terminate your use of and refuse to provide access to the MCA&F web sites at MCA&F’s sole discretion, for any reason, whether with or without cause. You also acknowledge that MCA&F may, in its sole discretion add, delete, or change some of or the entire MCA&F site at any time.
Further, you expressly agree that use of the MCA&F web site is at your sole risk. The MCA&F web site is provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis. The MCA&F expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, express or implied, including without limitation any warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement.
All materials, content, trademarks, service marks, trade names, logos, and seals are proprietary to the Marine Corps Association & Foundation. No material from our site, unless it is in the public domain, may be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any way without express written permission from an authorized officer of the association.
Should you have additional questions, comments or concerns, please contact us at:
Our mailing address:
Marine Corps Association & Foundation
PO Box 1775
Quantico, VA 22134-1775
We can also be reached via e-mail at:
MCA@MCA-Marines.org
Our toll-free telephone number is:
1-866-622-1775
Phone: (866) 622-1775
Hours: 0800-1630 EDT
Terms of Use