https://mccallscandles.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Just added to your cart
Qty:
View cart ()
Continue shopping
Submit
Close search
Flat Rate Shipping $9.95 on all orders
Privacy Policy
This is the web site of McCall's Country Canning, Inc. Our postal address is: McCall's Country Canning, Inc. | PO Box 93 | Livermore CO 80536. We can be reached via e-mail at customercare@mccallscandles.com or you can reach us by telephone at (888) 477-8075. For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes the consumer's domain name and e-mail address (where possible). We collect the domain name and e-mail address (where possible) of visitors to our Web page, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, user-specific information on what pages consumers access or visit, name and address, telephone number, payment information (e.g., credit card number and billing address).
The information we collect is not shared with other organizations for marketing purposes. The information we collect can be disclosed when legally required to do so, at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation, to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our Website and applicable laws or to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our Website.
With respect to cookies: We use cookies to store visitors' preferences, record session information, such as items that consumers add to their shopping cart, record user-specific information on what pages users access or visit, record past activity at a site in order to provide better service when visitors return to our site .
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address or calling us at the above telephone number.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by calling us at the number provided above or e-mailing us at the above address.
With respect to security: When we transfer and receive certain types of sensitive information such as financial information, we redirect visitors to a secure server that has an SSL certificate using at least 128-bit encryption. We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number.
Use left/right arrows to navigate the slideshow or swipe left/right if using a mobile device
Choosing a selection results in a full page refresh.
Press the space key then arrow keys to make a selection.