http://menulife.bizhosting.com//dislaimer_terms_of_use_and_privacy_policy_.html
Sign In
Sign-Up
Stop wasting money on diets,pills,supplements and diet foods. Change your life forever !!!!
Just look at the difference MENULIFE made on me !!
MENULIFE" PERSONALIZED MENUS
NUTRI-GUIDE
Shopping4Health
Shopping Cart
Customer Support
Disclaimer(Terms of Use and Privacy Policy)
Disclaimer(Terms of Use and Privacy Policy)
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE("The terms of use")
You should carefully read the Terms of Use before ordering our product. By using our site or indicating your ageement to be bound by the Terms of Use. This is a legally binding agreement . If you do not agree with the Terms of Use you should not order our product.
1. We agree to provide you access to Our Site in accordance with the Terms of Use
2. You agree to use Our Site in a manner consistent with any and all applicable rules and regulations.
3. You accept that Our Site is provided on an "as is, as available" basis.
4. ALL ARTICLES AND MATERIAL DISPLAYED SOLD BY US ON OUR SITE ARE FOR INFORMATION ONLY AND ARE NO SUBSTITUTE FOR SPECIFIC ADVICE.
5. We may for marketing purposes collect, process and transmit data obtained from and about you in the course of your accessing our site.
7. Subject to the above, you may not modify, copy, distribute, republish or upload any of the material on our Site without our prior consent in writing. No intellectual property or other rights shall be transferred to you.
8. To the extent that portions of our Site (such as "chat rooms" or "bulletin boards") may provide users an opportunity to post and exchange information, ideas and opinions ("Postings"), BE ADVISED THAT WE DO NOT SCREEN, EDIT, OR REVIEW POSTINGS PRIOR TO THEIR APPEARANCE ON THIS WEB SITE, and Postings do not necessarily reflect our views. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable laws, we exclude all responsibility and liability for the Postings or for any losses or expenses resulting from their use and/or appearance on our Site.
9. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable laws, we on behalf of our employees, agents, suppliers, and contractors exclude liability for any losses and expenses of whatever nature and howsoever arising, including without limitation any direct, indirect, special, punitive, or consequential damages, loss of use, loss of data, loss caused by a virus, loss of income or profit, loss of or damage to property, claims of third parties, or other losses of any kind or character, even if we has been advised of the possibility of such damages or losses, arising out of or in connection with the use of this our site or any web site with which it is linked. You assume total responsibility for establishing such procedures for data back up and virus checking as you consider necessary.
10. We reserve the right to monitor all materials posted on any bulletin board on our sites (“Postings”) and to remove any which we consider in our absolute discretion to be offensive or otherwise in breach of these Terms of Use.
11. You hereby represent and warrant that you have all necessary rights in and to all Postings you provide and all material they contain and that such Postings shall not infringe any proprietary or other rights of third parties.
12. Where we may provide hypertext links to other sites we do so for information purposes only, and such links are not endorsements by us of any products or services in such sites and we accept no liability nor make any endorsement or approval of the same.
13. The Terms of Use contain the entire understanding between us with respect of Our Site and no representation, statement, inducement oral or written, not contained herein shall bind either of us.
14. Should any part of the Terms of Use be declared invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, this shall not affect the validity of any remaining portion and such remaining portion shall remain in full force and effect as if the invalid portion of the Terms of Use had been eliminated.
To the extent you have in any manner violated or threatened to violate MENULIFE and/or its affiliates' intellectual property rights, MENULIFE and/or its affiliates may seek injunctive or other appropriate relief in any state or federal court in the State of SOUTH CAROLINA, and you consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in such courts.
Any other disputes will be resolved as follows:
If a dispute arises under this agreement, we agree to first try to resolve it with the help of a mutually agreed-upon mediator in the following location: SOUTH CAROLINA. Any costs and fees other than attorney fees associated with the mediation will be shared equally by each of us.
PRIVACY POLICY MENULIFE .BIZHOSTING.COM strives to offer its visitors the many advantages of Internet technology and to provide an interactive and personalized experience. We may use Personally Identifiable Information (your name, e-mail address, street address, telephone number) subject to the terms of this privacy policy. We will never sell, barter, or rent your email address to any unauthorized third party. Period."How we gather information from users How we collect and store information depends on the page you are visiting, the activities in which you elect to participate and the services provided. For example, you may be asked to provide information when you register for access to certain portions of our site or request certain features, such as newsletters or when you make a purchase. You may provide information when you participate in message boards and chat rooms, and other interactive areas of our site. Like most Web sites, MENULIFE.BIZHOSTING.COM also collects information automatically and through the use of electronic tools that may be transparent to our visitors. For example, we may log the name of your Internet Service Provider or use cookie technology to recognize you and hold information from your visit. Among other things, the cookie may store your user name and password, sparing you from having to re-enter that information each time you visit, or may control the number of times you encounter a particular advertisement while visiting our site. As we adopt additional technology, we may also gather information through other means. In certain cases, you can choose not to provide us with information, for example by setting your browser to refuse to accept cookies, but if you do you may be unable to access certain portions of the site or may be asked to re-enter your user name and password, and we may not be able to customize the site’s features according to your preferences.What we do with the information we collect Like other Web publishers, we collect information to enhance your visit and deliver more individualized content and advertising. We respect your privacy and do not share your information with anyone.
Aggregated Information (information that does not personally identify you) may be used in many ways. For example, we may combine information about your usage patterns with similar information obtained from other users to help enhance our site and services (e.g., to learn which pages are visited most or what features are most attractive). Aggregated Information may occasionally be shared with our advertisers and business partners. Again, this information does not include any Personally Identifiable Information about you or allow anyone to identify you individually.We may use Personally Identifiable Information collected on MENULIFE.BIZHOSTING .COM to communicate with you about your registration and customization preferences; our Terms of Service and privacy policy; services and products offered by MENULIFE.BIZHOSTING.COM and other topics we think you might find of interest. Personally Identifiable Information collected by MENULIFE.BIZHOSTING.COM may also be used for other purposes, including but not limited to site administration, troubleshooting, processing of e-commerce transactions, and other communications with you. Certain third parties who provide technical support for the operation of our site (our Web hosting service for example) may access such information. We will use your information only as permitted by law. In addition, from time to time as we continue to develop our business, we may sell, buy, merge or partner with other companies or businesses. In such transactions, user information may be among the transferred assets. We may also disclose your information in response to a court order, at other times when we believe we are reasonably required to do so by law, in connection with the collection of amounts you may owe to us, and/or to law enforcement authorities whenever we deem it appropriate or necessary. Please note we may not provide you with notice prior to disclosure in such cases.Affiliated sites, linked sites and advertisements MENULIFE.BIZHOSTING.COM expects its partners, advertisers and affiliates to respect the privacy of our users. Be aware, however, that third parties, including our partners, advertisers, affiliates and other content providers accessible through our site, may have their own privacy and data collection policies and practices. For example, during your visit to our site you may link to, or view as part of a frame on a MENULIFE.BIZHOSTING.COM page, certain content that is actually created or hosted by a third party. Also, through MENULIFE.BIZHOSTING.COM you may be introduced to, or be able to access, information, Web sites, features, contests or sweepstakes offered by other parties. MENULIFE.BIZHOSTING.COM is not responsible for the actions or policies of such third parties. You should check the applicable privacy policies of those third parties when providing information on a feature or page operated by a third party.While on our site, our advertisers, promotional partners or other third parties may use cookies or other technology to attempt to identify some of your preferences or retrieve information about you. For example, some of our advertising is served by third parties and may include cookies that enable the advertiser to determine whether you have seen a particular advertisement before.
Other features available on our site may offer services operated by third parties and may use cookies or other technology to gather information. MENULIFE.BIZHOSTING.COM does not control the use of this technology by third parties or the resulting information, and is not responsible for any actions or policies of such third parties.You should also be aware that if you voluntarily disclose Personally Identifiable Information on message boards or in chat areas, that information can be viewed publicly and can be collected and used by third parties without our knowledge and may result in unsolicited messages from other individuals or third parties. Such activities are beyond the control of MENULIFE.BIZHOSTING.COM and this policy.Children MENULIFE.BIZHOSTING.COM does not knowingly collect or solicit Personally Identifiable Information from or about children under 13 except as permitted by law. If we discover we have received any information from a child under 13 in violation of this policy, we will delete that information immediately. If you believe MENULIFE.BIZHOSTING.COM has any information from or about anyone under 13, please contact us at the address listed below.Contacting Us.We can be reached by contacting:CHARR2569@MENULIFE .BIZHOSTING.COM VIA E-MAIL. Changes to this Policy MENULIFE.BIZHOSTING.COM reserves the right to change this policy at any time. Please check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of our site following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes. Information collected prior to the time any change is posted will be used according to the rules and laws that applied at the time the information was collected. MENULIFE.BIZHOSTING.COM is controlled, operated and administered entirely within MENULIFE.BIZHOSTING.COMThis statement and the policies outlined herein are not intended to and do not create any contractual or other legal rights in or on behalf of any party. Children’s PrivacyWe do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. If we learn that we have personal information on a child under the age of 13, we will delete that information from our systems. MENULIFE.BIZHOSTING.COM encourages parents to go online with their kids. Here are a few tips to help make a child's online experience safer:Teach kids never to give personal information, unless supervised by a parent or responsible adult. Includes name, address, phone, school, etc. Know the sites your kids are visiting and which sites are appropriate. Look for Web site privacy policies. Know how your child's information is treated. Check out the FTC's site
for more tips on protecting children's privacy online. Contacting Us.We can be reached by contacting:
CHARR2569@MENULIFE.BIZHOSTING.COM
Not all exercises or diets are suitable for everyone. Before you begin this program, you should have permission from your doctor to participate in vigorous exercise and change of diet. If you feel discomfort or pain when you exercise, do not continue. The instructions and advice presented are in no way intended as a substitute for medical counseling. The creators, producers, participants and distributors of this Web site reserve the right to refuse membership at their discretion and disclaim any liability or loss in connection with the exercise and advice provided herein.