https://merae.com/terms-conditions/
Search
Home
Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
TERMS & CONDITIONS
Last Revised: June 24, 2020
PROMOTIONAL OFFERS
Promotional offers such as discount coupons, discount codes, or free shipping cannot be applied with another offer. Only 1 promotional offer can be applied at a time.
---
SHIPPING METHOD
We reserve the right to change the chosen shipping method when there is a difference between shipping quote and actual cost.
---
PRIVACY STATEMENT
Merae.com values your privacy. If you have any questions about this policy, please feel free to contact us through our website or write to us at: Merae Corp.Los Angeles, CA 90001This Privacy Policy describes the types of personal and non-personal information we collect when you use the Merae.com service, how we use such information and to whom and under what circumstances we may disclose it. By using the Merae.com service, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not use the service. Merae.com uses the personal information we collect to provide our services to you. We will not rent, sell or share your personal information with any other company for its own marketing purposes without your consent. This site is offered and made available only to users 13 years of age or older who reside in the United States of America, its territories and possessions ("U.S").  If you are not yet 13 years old, or do not reside in the U.S., please discontinue using the Site immediately, or if, for any reason, you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, please do not participate in the features, activities and services that require you to provide your Personal Information. The Service is available to people at least 13 years of age, but if you are between 13 and 18 years of age, you agree that you have received parental permission to provide personal information to the service and to order and pay for any products or services through the service. We do not knowingly collect personal information of anyone under 13.This Privacy Policy is a part of the terms and conditions which are set forth in our Terms of Use Agreement. Both the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement are legally binding on all users.
INFORMATION COLLECTIONIn order to offer you the best possible experience using the Merae.com service, we collect the following information: 1. Personal InformationWhen you use the Merae.com service, you might supply us with personal information such as your name, address, and mobile phone numbers, email, address, credit card information, age and gender; the name and mobile phone number to whom vouchers have been sent. You may also have the opportunity to provide the email addresses or mobile phone numbers of friends or family members to tell them about the service. We may combine the information we collect from you with information about you that we receive from other online and offline sources, such as from our merchant partners, in order to provide you with a better experience and to improve the quality of the service. For certain services, we may give you the opportunity to opt out of our combining such information. From time to time we may offer contests, sweepstakes, giveaways or surveys through the Service which require users to provide some personal information in order to participate.  Participation in these activities is voluntary so you can choose whether or not to give us this information.2. Non-personal Information. As part of the standard operation of the Merae.com service, we may collect certain non-personal usage information such as products you viewed or searched for, purchase history, dates and times you used the service, etc. We may combine this non-personal information with your personal information. 3. Email or Direct CommunicationsWhen you send email or other communications to Merae.com, we may retain those communications in order to process your inquiries, respond to your requests and improve our services. For security reasons, we do not recommend that you send non-public personal information, such as passwords, social security numbers, or bank account information, to us by email. However, aside from our reply to such an email, it is not our standard practice to send you email unless you request a particular service or sign up for a feature that involves email communications, it relates to purchases you have made with us (e.g., product updates, customer support, etc.), we are sending you information about our other products and services, or you consented to being contacted by email for a particular purpose. In certain instances, we may provide you with the option to set your preferences for receiving email communications from us; that is, agree to some communications but not others. You may "opt out" of receiving future commercial email communications from us by clicking the "unsubscribe" link included at the bottom of most emails we send; provided, however, we reserve the right to send you transactional emails such as customer service communications.
USE OF INFORMATIONWe may use your personal and non-personal information for any of the following purposes: (1) to fulfill voucher messaging services and inform the recipient(s) of the sender; (2) to provide products and services to you, including newsletters, offers and advertising; (3) to help address problems with and the functioning of the service; (4) to monitor and conduct internal reviews of the service; (5) to help us better understand and improve the use of the service, and to develop new services; (6) to protect the security and integrity of the service; and (7) to contact you, if necessary or at your request. Personal and non-personal information on the voucher recipient such as name and phone number will only be used for the purpose of (1) messaging gift vouchers; (2) help address problems with receipt and redemption of vouchers; (3) to help us better understand and improve the use of the service; (4) to protect the security and integrity of the service; and (5) to contact them, if necessary or at their request. The information will not be used for telemarketing purposes without their consent.
We use Google Analytics to analyze the site traffic, demographics and interests data that provides information about the age and gender of users along with the interests they express through their online travel and purchasing activities. The Google Analytics JavaScript libraries use HTTP Cookies to measure how users interact with website content. Types of such cookies are Preferences, Security, Processes, Advertising, Session State, and Analytics. Click here for more information on how Google Analytics collect your information.
We use the following Google Analytics features: Remarketing with Google Analytics, Demographics and Interests reports for marketing purposes. Here is a list of cookies that we use. We’ve listed them here so you that you can choose if you want to opt-out of cookies or not.
_session_id, unique token, sessional, Allows Shopify to store information about your session (referrer, landing page, etc).
_shopify_visit, no data held, Persistent for 30 minutes from the last visit, Used by our website provider’s internal stats tracker to record the number of visits
_shopify_uniq, no data held, expires midnight (relative to the visitor) of the next day, Counts the number of visits to a store by a single customer.
cart, unique token, persistent for 2 weeks, Stores information about the contents of your cart.
_secure_session_id, unique token, sessional
storefront_digest, unique token, indefinite If the shop has a password, this is used to determine if the current visitor has access.
PREF, persistent for a very short period, Set by Google and tracks who visits the store and from where
COOKIES USED BY GOOGLE:
Preferences - These cookies allow our websites to remember information that changes the way the site behaves or looks, such as your preferred language or the region you are in. For instance, by remembering your region, a website may be able to provide you with local weather reports or traffic news. These cookies can also assist you in changing text size, font, and other parts of web pages that you can personalize.
Loss of the information stored in a preference cookie may make the website experience less functional but should not prevent it from working.
Most Google users will have a preferences cookie called ‘NID’ in their browsers. A browser sends this cookie with requests to Google’s sites. The NID cookie contains a unique ID Google uses to remember your preferences and other information, such as your preferred language (e.g. English), how many search results you wish to have shown per page (e.g. 10 or 20), and whether or not you wish to have Google’s SafeSearch filter turned on.
Security We use security cookies to authenticate users, prevent fraudulent use of login credentials, and protect user data from unauthorized parties.
For example, we use cookies called ‘SID’ and ‘HSID’ which contain digitally signed and encrypted records of a user’s Google account ID and most recent sign-in time. The combination of these two cookies allows us to block many types of attack, such as attempts to steal the content of forms that you complete on web pages.
Processes - Process cookies help make the website work and deliver services that the website visitor expects, like navigating around web pages or accessing secure areas of the website. Without these cookies, the website cannot function properly.
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ which makes it possible for Google Docs to open many Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from operating correctly.
Advertising - We use cookies to make advertising more engaging to users and more valuable to publishers and advertisers. Some common applications of cookies are to select advertising based on what’s relevant to a user; to improve reporting on campaign performance; and to avoid showing ads the user has already seen.
Google uses cookies like NID and SID to help customize ads on Google properties, like Google Search. For example, we use such cookies to remember your most recent searches, your previous interactions with an advertiser’s ads or search results, and your visits to an advertiser’s website. This helps us to show you customized ads on Google.
We also use one or more cookies for advertising we serve across the web. One of the main advertising cookies on non-Google sites is named ‘IDE‘ and is stored in browsers under the domain doubleclick.net. Another is stored in google.com and is called ANID. We use other cookies with names such as DSID, FLC, AID, TAID, and exchange_uid. Other Google properties, like YouTube, may also use these cookies to show you more relevant ads.
Sometimes advertising cookies may be set on the domain of the site you're visiting. In the case of advertising we serve across the web, cookies named ‘__gads’ or ‘__gac’ may be set on the domain of the site you're visiting. Unlike cookies that are set on Google's own domains, these cookies can't be read by Google when you're on a site other than the one on which they were set. They serve purposes such as measuring interactions with the ads on that domain and preventing the same ads from being shown to you too many times.
Google also uses conversion cookies, whose main purpose is to help advertisers determine how many times people who click on their ads end up purchasing their products. These cookies allow Google and the advertiser to determine that you clicked the ad and later visited the advertiser's site. Conversion cookies are not used by Google for personalized ad targeting and persist for a limited time only. A cookie named ‘Conversion‘ is dedicated to this purpose. It's generally set in the googleadservices.com domain or the google.com domain (you can find a list of domains we use for advertising cookies at the foot of this page). Some of our other cookies may be used to measure conversion events as well. For example, DoubleClick and Google Analytics cookies may also be used for this purpose.
We also use cookies named ‘AID,‘ ‘DSID,’ and ‘TAID‘, which are used to link your activity across devices if you’ve previously signed in to your Google Account on another device. We do this to coordinate the ads you see across devices and measure conversion events. These cookies may be set on the domains google.com/ads, google.com/ads/measurement, or googleadservices.com. If you don't want the ads you see to be coordinated across your devices, you can opt out of Ads Personalization using Ads Settings.
Session State - Websites often collect information about how users interact with a website. This may include the pages users visit most often and whether users get error messages from certain pages. We use these so-called ‘session state cookies’ to help us improve our services, in order to improve our users’ browsing experience. Blocking or deleting these cookies will not render the website unusable.
These cookies may also be used to anonymously measure the effectiveness of PPC (pay per click) and affiliate advertising.
For example, we use a cookie called ‘recently_watched_video_id_list’ so that YouTube can record the videos most recently watched by a particular browser.
Analytics Google Analytics is Google’s analytics tool that helps website and app owners to understand how their visitors engage with their properties. It may use a set of cookies to collect information and report website usage statistics without personally identifying individual visitors to Google. The main cookie used by Google Analytics is the ‘__ga’ cookie.
In addition to reporting website usage statistics, Google Analytics can also be used, together with some of the advertising cookies described above, to help show more relevant ads on Google properties (like Google Search) and across the web and to measure interactions with the ads we show.
Learn more about Analytics cookies and privacy information: https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/collection/analyticsjs/cookie-usage?hl=en
You can opt-out from Google Analytics data collection here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/
INFORMATION SHARINGMerae.com may share aggregate, non-personal information with our related companies, consultants, advertising clients, merchant partners, service providers, advertising agencies and other third parties. Merae.com may share your personal information with other parties in the following circumstances:
When we have your consent.
Disclose to telecommunications carrier or network providers, related companies, consultants, advertising clients, merchant partners, service providers and advertising agencies, if the disclosure will enable them to perform a business, professional or technical support function for us. These companies work with us under confidentiality agreements and are prohibited from making any other use or disclosure of your personal information.
If we determine that there has been a violation of service policies.
If we have reason to believe that such disclosure is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference (either intentionally or unintentionally) with our rights or property, other users of the service or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities.
To respond to judicial process and provide information to law enforcement agencies or in connection with an investigation on matters related to public safety, as permitted by law, or otherwise as required by law.
To provide information to a company that acquires, is acquired by or is merged with Merae.com.
OTHER USES & INFORMATION
IP Addresses: An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Internet. Web servers (computers that "serve up" web pages) automatically identify your computer by its IP address. When visitors request pages from our Website, our servers typically log their IP addresses. We collect IP addresses for purposes of system administration, to report non-personal aggregate information to others, and to track the use of our Website. IP addresses are considered non-personal information and may also be shared as provided above. It is not our practice to link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable; that is, the visitor’s session will be logged, but the visitor remains anonymous to us. However, we reserve the right to use IP addresses to identify a visitor when we feel it is necessary to enforce compliance with our Website rules or to: (a) fulfill a government request; (b) conform with the requirements of the law or legal process; (c) protect or defend our legal rights or property, our Website, or other users; or (d) in an emergency to protect the health and safety of our Website’s users or the general public.
Cookies, etc.: "Cookies" are small text files from a website that are stored on your hard drive. These text files make using our Website more convenient by, among other things, saving your passwords and preferences for you. Cookies themselves do not typically contain any personally identifiable information. We may analyze the information derived from these cookies and other technological tools we employ (such as clear gifs/web beacons) and match this information with data provided by you or another party. We may provide our analysis and certain non-personal information to third parties (who may in turn use this information to provide advertisements tailored to your interests), but this will not involve disclosing any of your personally identifiable information. Please note that advertisers that serve advertisements on our Website may also use their own cookies and other technological tools which are subject to the advertiser’s privacy policies, not this Privacy Policy.   If you are concerned about the storage and use of cookies, you may be able to direct your internet browser to notify you and seek approval whenever a cookie is being sent to your hard drive. You may also delete a cookie manually from your hard drive through your internet browser or other programs. Please note, however, that some parts of our Website will not function properly or be available to you if you refuse to accept a cookie or choose to disable the acceptance of cookies.
Transfer of Assets:  As we continue to develop our business, we may sell or purchase assets. If another entity acquires us or all (or substantially all) of our assets, the personally identifiable information and non-personal information we have about you will be transferred to and used by this acquiring entity, though we will take reasonable steps to ensure that your preferences are followed. Also, if any bankruptcy or reorganization proceeding is brought by or against us, all such information may be considered an asset of ours and as such may be sold or transferred to third parties.
Other: Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, we reserve the right to disclose any personally identifiable or non-personal information about you if we are required to do so by law, with respect to notices and counternotices pursuant to our DMCA notice and takedown policy and procedures and/or if we believe that such action is necessary to: (a) fulfill a government request; (b) conform with the requirements of the law or legal process; (c) protect or defend our legal rights or property, our Website, or other users; or (d) in an emergency to protect the health and safety of our Website’s users or the general public.
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTSCalifornia Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the "Shine The Light" law, permits our customers who are California residents to request and obtain from us once a year, free of charge, information about the personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year. If applicable, this information would include a list of the categories of personal information that was shared and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to:Merae Corp.Los Angeles, CA  90001OTHER SITES / LINKSMerae.com.com may link to or contain links to other third party websites that we do not control or maintain, such as in connection with purchasing products referenced on our Website and banner advertisements. We are not responsible for the privacy practices employed by any third party website. We encourage you to note when you leave our Website and to read the privacy statements of all third party websites before submitting any personally identifiable information.CONTACT & OPT-OUT INFORMATIONYou may contact us as at Merae Corp. if: (a) you have questions or comments about our Privacy Policy; (b) wish to make corrections to any personally identifiable information you have provided; (c) want to opt-out from receiving future commercial correspondence, including emails, from us or our affiliated companies; or (d) wish to withdraw your consent to sharing your personally identifiable information with others. We will respond to your request and, if applicable and appropriate, make the requested change in our active databases as soon as reasonably practicable. Please note that we may not be able to fulfill certain requests while allowing you access to certain benefits and features of our Website.
SOLE STATEMENTThis Privacy Policy as posted on this Site is the sole statement of our privacy policy with respect to this Site, and no summary, modification, restatement or other version thereof, or other privacy statement or policy, in any form, is valid unless we post a new or revised policy to the Site.
---
CA PROP 65 WARNING (State of California)
Proposition 65 requires California to publish a list of chemicals known to cause cancer, birth defects or other reproductive harm. This list, which must be updated at least once a year, has grown to include approximately 900 chemicals since it was first published in 1987.
If a Prop65 warning is placed on a product label or posted or distributed at a workplace, a business, or in rental housing, the business issuing the warning is aware or believes that it is exposing individuals to one or more listed chemicals.
By law, a warning must be given for listed chemicals unless the exposure is low enough to pose no significant risk of cancer or is significantly below levels observed to cause birth defects or other reproductive harm.
More info can be found at: https://www.p65warnings.ca.gov/
© 2020, Merae Corp. All Rights Reserved.
OK