http://microflight.com/customer-service/privacy-and-security.html
IMPORTANT!
NOTICE - We are away until May 1 2019 - so if you cannot wait until May 2019, you can send us an Email, but the office is closed until May
2019
Orders for some items can go through Amazon, but a lot of our Micro R/C stuff can’t be shipped until May 2019.
IMPORTANT!
MicroFlight.com
Search:
Search
My Account
Log In
R/C AirplanesMicro RC GearReceivers & TransmittersDeluxe Starter SetsMotorsPropellersActuators & ServosBatteries & ChargersAccessoriesMisc PartsTools & BrushesGlues & TapesNeodymium MagnetsCarbon Fiber RodsRC ToysCustomer ServiceManualsPrivacy and SecurityShipping InformationPayment Methods
Home
/
Customer Service
/
Privacy and Security
Privacy and Security
Privacy and Security
At Plantraco, we value our customers and respect their privacy. We only collect as little customer information as needed in an effort to provide you with a great shopping experience. We will only communicate with you about our products, services, new products, sales and promotions via email if you have signed up for a newsletter or forum. We do not sell or rent your personal information to third parties.
If you have any questions about our policies you can always contact the Plantraco customer service department in any of the following methods:
• Email: sales@plantraco.com• Phone: 1-306-955-1836• Fax: 306-931-0055• Write to: Plantraco Ltd. 1101 8th Street East, Saskatoon, SK, Canada S7H 0S3
Information Collection and Usage
Plantraco collects information from our website users, subscribers and customers. In this section of our privacy policy, we will describe the type of information we collect and how we use it to provide better services to our customers.
Registration and Ordering from Our Store
During registration, users are required to give their contact information (such as name, e-mail address, mailing address and phone number). We also may collect demographic information (such as job title and purchasing responsibilities, company information and professional certification). For internal purposes, we use this information to communicate with users and provide requested services, and, for our website visitors, to provide a more personalized experience on our sites. We use aggregate demographic information about our visitors to improve our service, for marketing purposes and/or industry reporting purposes.
For our services that require payment (such as certain events, products and subscriptions), we also collect credit card information (such as account name, number and expiration date), which is used for billing purposes only, and is not otherwise shared. Please see the "Security" section below.
E-mail Newsletters
If users wish to subscribe to our e-mail newsletters, we ask for contact information (such as name, e-mail address and, occasionally, demographic information which is optional). We use this information in the same manner as we use contact information in the registration and ordering process described above. Recipients of our newsletters and updates can unsubscribe using the instructions listed at the end of the e-mail newsletter or by sending an e-mail to service@plantraco.com with the e-mail address used to subscribe.
Surveys and Contests
From time to time we invite users to provide information via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice as to whether or not to disclose requested contact information (such as name and mailing address) and demographic information (such as zip code or job title). In addition to other uses set forth in this policy, contact information collected in connection with surveys and contests is used to notify the winners and award prizes, to monitor or improve the use and satisfaction of the site, and may be shared with sponsors of such surveys or contests.
Interactive Features
At some of our sites, we offer interactive and community features such as discussion boards, webcasts and user profiles. Note that all personal information sent or posted via such features becomes public information for which Plantraco is not responsible and cannot be held accountable.
"Tell-A-Friend"
If users elect to use our referral service for informing a friend about our sites and services, we may ask them for the friend's name, job title and e-mail address. Plantraco will store and use this information to send the friend an invitation. This information may also be used to provide information about our company and related products and services. The friend may contact us as specified in the tell-a-friend message to request that no further communications be sent.
Communications with Us
We have features where users can submit information to us (such as our feedback forms). Letters to the editor and similar submissions may be made public. Requests for service, support or information may be forwarded as needed to best respond to a specific request. We may retain e-mails and other information sent to us for our internal administrative purposes, and to help us to serve customers better.
Communications from Us: Service Updates, Special Offers
In order to best serve our customers, we may send updates that contain important information about our sites and services. For example, we send new members a welcoming message, and verify password and username for our password-protected sections. We may also communicate with a user to provide requested services and for account-related issues via e-mail, phone or regular mail.
We offer our users the option to receive information about our company, related products, services and special deals. Users can choose not to receive these communications, as set forth in our Permission section below.
Automatic Data Collection
Our web sites have features that automatically collect information from users, to deliver content specific to users' interests and to honor their preferences. This information assists us in creating sites that will serve the needs of our users. One of the most common ones is the "cookie."
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's hard drive containing information about the user. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site. Once the user closes their browser, the cookie simply terminates. Our Web shopping cart utilizes cookies to facilitate the ordering process.
We use "cookies," containing information about the user's online session in order to benefit the user by requiring login only once, thereby saving time while on our site. If users reject the cookies, they may be limited in the use of some areas of our site. For example, the user may not be able to place an order in our online store. We may additionally note some of the pages the user visits on our site through the use of pixel tags (also called clear gifs). The use of cookies and pixels enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance their experience while on our sites.
Some of our business affiliates may use cookies on our sites in ads or promotions. However, Plantraco have no access to, no control over and accept no responsibility for these business affiliates' cookies, information gathering practices or usage of said information; we urge users to read their specific privacy policies in this regard.
Our web sites contain links to other sites. Plantraco is not responsible and shall not be held accountable for the privacy practices or content of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each web site to which we may link that may collect personally identifiable information.
For our internal purposes, we gather date, time, browser type, navigation history and the IP address of all visitors to our site. This information does not contain anything that can identify users personally. We use this information for our internal security audit log, trend analysis and system administration, and to gather broad demographic information about our user base for aggregate use.
We may combine demographic information supplied by a subscriber at registration with site usage data to provide general profiles, in aggregate non-personally identifiable form, about our users and their preferences in the content of the site and advertising. We may share this composite information with our advertisers and business affiliates to help them better understand our services.
With Whom Your Information is Shared
When we have co-branded, customized, private label, "powered by" or sponsored products and services, or when we join with other parties to provide specific services, we may share (provide and receive) personal information with them. We do not share credit card information with such third parties.
We may use an outside shipping company to ship orders, and a credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.
Other than as set forth above, we do not share personally identifiable information with other companies, apart from those acting as our agents in providing our product(s)/service(s), and which agree to use it only for that purpose and to keep the information secure and confidential. Also, our parent, subsidiary and affiliate companies, entities into which our companies may be merged, or entities to which any of our assets, products, sites or operations may be transferred, will be able to use personal information.
Correction/Updating Personal Information
If a user's personally identifiable information changes (such as zip code), or if a user no longer desires our product(s)/service(s), we provide a way to correct or update that user's personal data. The user should contact Customer Support for the applicable product or service.
Security
We use reasonable precautions to protect our users' personal information and to store it securely. Since Plantraco.com went live in 1996, we have not been hacked. Our latest Ecommerce software suite is very secure and is tested often to watch for any potential security threats.
All credit transactions occur in a secure area of our site to protect you from any loss, misuse or alteration of information collected, so that you can buy with confidence.
When you place an order online at plantraco.com/store, the information you send to us is protected by Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology. SSL encrypts your order using strong 128-bit encryption to prevent the decoding of that information by anyone other than Plantraco.com/Store as it travels over the Internet. SSL is the industry standard in transferring credit card information to process your orders. The SSL encryption translates your order information into a highly indecipherable code, which is processed immediately.
When you've finished shopping and begin the checkout process, you will move into the secure area of our site. A warning window may pop up to notify you that you are entering this "safe" area. Once you've entered, the page address (URL) will change from http to https, to let you know you are in a secure area. A key or a closed lock will appear on your browser window. You will remain in this secure area for the entire checkout process.
Since secure connections are slower than unsecured connections, we only use them at check out, when you're sending us personal information.
If your browser doesn't support SSL, you'll be unable to connect to our secure shopping cart server, which means you needn't worry about mistakenly placing an order through an unsecured connection. Most browsers like FireFox and Safari or Explorer are fine. If you can't access the secure server, for whatever reason, we offer many other options for placing an order. You may place your order by sending it via e-mail to: service@plantraco.com. If you choose this option, please DO NOT include credit card information, as e-mail is absolutely not a secure method of sending private financial information over the Internet. Simply include your daytime phone number in the e-mail, and we will call you for the necessary information. You may also order by phone during normal business hours 306-955-1836. We're open from Mon - Fri 9:00 to 5:00 Saskatchewan Time (UTC -6). You may also print your completed order and mail it to us at Plantraco Ltd. 1101 8th Street East Saskatoon, SK Canada S7H 0S3
If you have further questions, please call us at 306-955-1836 or e-mail us, including your name and mailing address, at service@plantraco.com.
Notification and Changes
If we change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so our users are aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under which circumstances, if any, we disclose it. Users should check this policy frequently to keep abreast of any changes.
Updated Aug 23, 2017
Compare Products
You have no items to compare.
My Cart
You have no items in your shopping cart.
Newsletter
Sign Up for Our Newsletter:
Subscribe
Site Map
Affiliates
Advanced Search
Orders and Returns
Contact Us
© 2018 Microflight.com - Plantraco.com - All Rights Reserved.
[P] 306-955-1836 [F] 306-931-0055 [E]