https://military-graphics.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy - Military Graphics
Home
Gallery
FAQ
How to Install
Special Orders
Lettering
Search
Reviews
Contact Us
Log in
My Account
My Wish List
Home
Gallery
FAQ
How to Install
Special Orders
Lettering
Search
Reviews
Contact Us
Search for a decal
Search Products
0
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
At Military-Graphics, we are committed to your privacy. We will never rent or sell your information to 3rd parties.  Your information will only be used to measure site activity and to provide better functionality to you and make your experience on the website better. Here’s an explanation of how we use your information below.
OVERVIEW
Visiting and interacting with Military-Graphics.com
Our site logs IP addresses so that we can track certain visitor activity (e.g., how many total visitors we have, the most popular pages of our site, etc.). We also use personal ‘cookies’ that help you navigate through the site (cookie policy).
All personal information such as name, email address, phone number or mailing address must be provided voluntarily by visitors to our websites.  All personal data collected by Military-Graphics is securely stored and will be used solely for identification and/or purposes stated when the information is requested.
Military-Graphics will not distribute or otherwise make available to third parties any information we collect on this site, unless it is necessary to process a financial transaction.  In that case, your information must be shared with our merchant account processor (either Authorize.Net or Paypal)  to clear the Address Verification Service.
Minors, as always, are encouraged to check with their parents before providing any information on any website they visit.
Opting out of bulk communications
Military-Graphics occasionally  sends bulk offers and updates via email.  You may opt out of receiving these by:
1. Clicking the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of each of these communications and filling in your email address, or
2. Sending an email to info@military-graphics.com with the name and corresponding email address to opt out, or
3. Writing to: Military Graphics, PO Box 850, Chino Valley, Arizona 86323 and include your contact details and the email address you would like removed from our bulk email list.
After opting out of our bulk newsletters, Military-Graphics may still communicate with you by email to send business enhancing communications such as receipts, order confirmations, and any other communications that Military-Graphics  deems necessary to conduct business.  It may take up to one week for your opt out to become effective.
PRIVACY PRINCIPLES
Because your privacy is important to us, Military-Graphics conducts its business under the following principles:
Principle 1: No Combination of Browsing and Web Traffic Information with Personal InformationMilitary-Graphics does not combine traffic analysis information with personal information such as name, age, phone number or mailing address.
Principle 2: No Aggregation of Individual Visitor Traffic Patterns across Multiple SitesMilitary-Graphics does not collect individual profile information for visitors across multiple sites and does not aggregate information from any other sources on browsing patterns of individual visitors across multiple sites.
Principle 3: Use of Anonymous IP AddressIP addresses are recorded by every site on the Internet. Military-Graphics collects this information as well, but does so exclusively for the following uses: (1) anonymous statistical purposes; or (2) administration of our websites and servers, and to improve our services. Military-Graphics aggregates information from all of its visitors into log files in order to measure the total number of visitors to the websites and how many visit each web page. This helps Military-Graphics learn which areas are most popular for expansion, and which are least popular for reduction or elimination.
Principle 4: Anonymous Use of CookiesMilitary-Graphics uses “cookies” – small pieces of code that help our system remember where you are in the site, what you’ve added to a shopping cart, and more.  Cookies are used only for more accurate anonymous traffic analysis. The cookie information does NOT include personal data such as name, age, phone number, e-mail address or mailing address. In addition, Military-Graphics does NOT link cookies to personal data such as name, age, phone number, e-mail address or mailing address. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. If you would prefer, you can set your browser to reject cookies.
Principle 6: Limited Use of CookiesMilitary-Graphics uses cookies to track information such as the time/date of the visit, the time/date of last visit, the page viewed, the referrer, transaction information, and other data. The cookies never include personal information such as name, mailing address or phone number. We do not collect such information via cookies and visitors that we track cannot provide us with personal information through normal movement across a web site. The cookie data that we do collect is never stored in any individual user profile; the data collected serves only to update aggregate counts allowing us to monitor traffic on our site. Visitors can also reject cookies.
Principle 7: No Individual ProfilingMilitary-Graphics does not create individual profiles for visitors. If you register an account on our site, we keep your email address and contact information, as well as a history of past orders for ease of re-ordering.
DISCLOSUREAll information collected is considered private and confidential unless (1) you have shared your own personal information in an online post, (2) we are required by law to disclose personal information, or (3) you violate our Terms of Use.
MODIFICATIONS TO THIS POLICYMilitary-Graphics reserves the right to modify this privacy policy at any time. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here that it has been updated, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we use and/or disclose it. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website.
QUESTIONS AND CONTACT INFORMATIONIf you would like to access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, opt-out of e-mail correspondence, register a complaint, or simply want more information, please contact us:
Military-GraphicsPO Box 850, Chino Valley, AZ 86323
RETURNS POLICY
All retail decal orders are shipped SATISFACTION GUARANTEED. If you are not satisfied with your order, return merchandise as delivered within 30 days for full refund including shipping charges. (This does not apply to Lettering or any item that has been customized for you per your Order Instructions.)
On LARGE QUANTITY (100+ pieces) orders, we will send you a sample decal and you will need to email us your acceptance before we will ship to you. Large quantity orders cannot be returned or exchanged.
TERMS OF USE POLICY
By entering and using this Military-Graphics website you are deemed to have read and accepted these Terms of Use. If you do not accept these Terms of Use or any part of them, you should not use the website.
Military-Graphics may modify these Terms of Use from time to time, and will highlight any changes made. Your continued use of this website following such change demonstrates your agreement to be bound by the modified Terms of Use.
These terms of use apply exclusively to this website, and Military-Graphics accepts no responsibility for how your personal information is treated once you leave it.
1.    Accuracy of Content
Military-Graphics makes every effort to ensure that the content of the website is accurate and up-to-date, but Military-Graphics does not offer any warranties (whether express, implied or otherwise) as to the reliability, accuracy or completeness of the information appearing on the website. Military-Graphics may remove material from the website at its own discretion and without giving any notice.
2.    Intellectual Property
You acknowledge and agree that all copyright, trademarks and other intellectual property rights in the content, software and all HTML and other code contained in this website shall remain at all times vested in Military-Graphics and/or its licensors and is protected by copyright and other laws and international treaty provisions. Users may not modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, redistribute, reproduce, publish, license, commercially exploit, create derivative works from, transfer, or sell any material that may be displayed on the website from time to time without first obtaining written permission to do so from Military-Graphics.
The website and its contents are copyright material; the copyright is owned by Military-Graphics unless stated otherwise. Without limiting the foregoing, copying the above listed materials to any other server or location for publication, reproduction or distribution is expressly prohibited, unless proper credit is given to Military-Graphics and if online, a link back to the source material on https://military-graphics.com.
All trademarks appearing on the website are either owned by Military-Graphics or Military-Graphics has obtained permission from the trademark owner for use on the website.
If you wish to obtain permission to make use of any of the trademarks or other material that may be displayed on the website from time to time, please contact the Military-Graphics website administrator at info@military-graphics.com
3.    Linking
Military-Graphics may from time to time include links on this website to other websites or resources operated by parties other than Military-Graphics. These links are provided for the convenience of users. Military-Graphics is not responsible for the availability of such external websites or resources, does not endorse or accept responsibility for the content of such external websites or resources, and has no responsibility for or control over the privacy policy (if any) of the operators of the external websites.You are advised to check the terms and conditions of use and the privacy policies of these external websites before entering or making use of them.
If you wish to create a hyperlink to this website or to any other website operated or maintained by Military-Graphics, please contact the Military-Graphics website administrator at info@military-graphics.com. Military-Graphics generally welcomes links to its websites. However, by so linking, you agree that Military-Graphics may require the link to be removed if, in Military-Graphics sole opinion, any aspect of the linking website, its content or any other matter relating to the link is objectionable to Military-Graphics.
5.    Limitation of Liability
The Internet is by its nature an unreliable medium. Consequently, you accept that this website is offered on an “as is” and “as available” basis. Military-Graphics takes all reasonable steps to ensure that the website is properly functioning at all times, but does not warrant that this website will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that this website or the server that makes it available are free of software viruses or bugs or other defects.
By accepting these Terms of Use, you accept that Military-Graphics cannot be liable to you for any loss or damage you suffer as a result of visiting this website or any linked website or making use of the information available on this or any other such website. You must take your own precautions (including but not limited to installing adequate protective measures to guard against software viruses and ensuring that you retain up-to-date copies of all data) to protect yourself against loss or damage.
You agree that Military-Graphics is not liable for the actions of its employees, nor is any individual staff member liable for the actions of Military-Graphics.
Military-Graphics will share personal information with companies, organizations or individuals outside of Military-Graphics only if we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues.
protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Military-Graphics, our users, or the public as required or permitted by law.
Military-Graphics may share aggregated, non-personally identifiable information publicly and with its partners only to show trends about the general use of its services.
The Military-Graphics Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Military-Graphics. This policy does not apply to services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites that may be displayed to you in search results, sites that may include other services, or other sites linked from Military-Graphics services. The Military-Graphics Privacy Policy does not cover the information practices of other companies and organizations who are referenced by Military-Graphics and who may use cookies, pixel tags and other technologies to serve and offer relevant ads.
6.    Enforcement
Military-Graphics regularly reviews compliance with its Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Policy. Military-Graphics also adheres to several self-regulatory frameworks. When Military-Graphics receives formal written complaints, Military-Graphics staff will contact the person who made the complaint to follow up. Military-Graphics will work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local and international data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of personal data that Military-Graphics cannot resolve with its users directly.
Your data and the Vascular Birthmarks Foundation
The data that we keep on visitors is given voluntarily.  Whenever a visitor interacts with military-graphics.com, some data is gathered.  The following information makes clear what data is kept, where it is kept, when it is deleted, who is in control of the data, and how to find out what data we may have about you, so that it can be updated or deleted.
Whenever you fill out an informational form at military-graphics.com, the information you put in is retained.  All forms will include your name, address, email address, and phone number.  Information that you do not input yourself may include the date the form was submitted, the time it was submitted, and the date and time that may be updated upon submission.
Certain parts of the site use third parties to provide functionality or features, such as YouTube and social media accounts.  We do not share ANY information about you with any of these third parties, but they will use cookies.
Military-Graphics uses an SSL Encrypted connection throughout the website so that your information is encrypted as it travels from you to us.
Customer Service
P.O. Box 850
Chino Valley, AZ 86323
support@military-graphics.com
(928) 636-9580
Information
Home
About Us
FAQ
Contact Us
Return Policy
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
Sitemap XML
Your Account
Shopping Cart
Account
My Wish List
Military Branch
Army
Air Force
Coast Guard
Marine Corps
Navy
Product Types
Decals & Stickers
Magnets
License Plates
Vinyl Lettering
Special Orders
© Copyright 2020 by Military-Graphics.com. All Rights Reserved
Reproduction of material appearing on this website is permissible with proper credit given to www.Military-graphics.com
Submit