https://millcroftfarms.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Welcome To Millcroft Farms!
Millcroft Farms Kitchens
Shop
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
CONTACT Millcroft Farms
P.O. Box 138
Stanley, VA 22851
Phone: 1-800-778-4072
Fax: 1-540-778-2906
E-Mail Here.
LIKE US ON FACEBOOK
Please Read Our Privacy Policy
Dissemination of Personal Information
We do not rent, sell, or share personal information with any outside individual or organization.  Any data collected via Google Analytics is not shared and you are not personally identified. Data is deleted after a specific time frame designated by Google.
Access and Use of Personal Information
Only the owner of the website will have access to personal information which you have submitted and only to conduct appropriate business with submitter of information. No credit card information is stored or known.
Opt-In Policy
When and if we collect email addresses for a newsletter, an “opt-in” method of gathering e-mail addresses from customers is used. You must select you wish to receive such e-mailings or communications will not be sent. Customers have the option to unsubscribe at any time.
Email addresses used on our contact, reservation, or purchase forms is provided so we may get back in touch with you to confirm your reservation or purchase. They are not used for any other purpose. We will never sell your information to anyone or use it without your permission.
Security Standards
To protect personal information, we use established SSL security standards on our website for access to this information. However, we cannot guarantee that the information submitted to, maintained on, or transmitted from our systems will be completely secure.
Links
Our web site is linked to the web sites of other businesses. When a customer links to another organization’s web site through our site, the person is subject to the privacy policy of the new site.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail.
If you have questions or comments on our privacy policy, please use our contact form to get in touch with us.