https://mindgadgets.com/privacy-policy/
Home / Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy: Protecting privacy is a Quick Concepts, LLC’s priority. To underscore our fundamental commitment to privacy and our vision that privacy is good business, we have adopted an online privacy policy. This policy reflects and implements our corporate privacy principles.
INFORMATION COLLECTION
I. Personal information:
This site collects personal information from you only if you choose to provide this information to us. Personal information collected with your consent may include, for example, name, mailing address, e-mail address, telephone number, information you may supply in connection with applying for an account with us, any responses you choose to provide to survey questions, or any inquires you may make through our Web Site.
II. Cookies:
“Cookies” are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive. This site uses first party cookies (session and persistent), however personally identifiable information is not collected through the use of cookies. Cookies are used to determine whether a visitor is unique or whether a visitor has viewed our site before. This site uses session cookies for single sign-on into the application and persistent cookies for Web site traffic analysis. Cookies are also used in sections of this site which require user log-in to authenticate and validate users and to determine whether a user’s session is active or has timed-out.
While most browsers are set to accept cookies by default, you can set yours to refuse cookies or to alert you before accepting them. Your browser manufacturer has information on changing the default setting for your specific browser.
III. Non personally-identifiable information:
This site also collects non personally-identifiable information. For example, as you browse this Web site we may collect information about your visit, but not about you personally. Via Web server logs, for example, we may monitor statistics such as: the number of people that visit our site, which page(s) are visited on our site, from which domain our visitors come (e.g., aol.com, hotmail.com, etc.), and which browsers people use to visit our site (e.g., Netscape Navigator, Microsoft Internet Explorer, etc.).
INFORMATION USE AND CONSUMER CHOICE:
The information collected by this Web site is used only for responding to your inquiries and otherwise corresponding with you, for processing transactions you request, maintaining your account (if you have one), and for the administration, review and/or the improvement of the content of our Web site.
We may contact you in response to your comments or inquiries, as part of the maintenance of your account with us (if you have one), or in order to complete a transaction that you requested.
We may also contact you to inform you of other products or services we believe may be of interest to you, but we will offer you an opportunity not to receive such communications.
If you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about our site or a particular product or service, we will ask you for your friend’s name and e-mail address. We will automatically send your friend a one-time e-mail message with information about the product or service and/or inviting him or her to visit the site. This message may include your name and/or e-mail address and any optional message that you elect to send along with our e-mail. We do not retain the information that you provide as part of this referral service (although we may retain your friend’s e-mail address if he or she requests to receive additional information or e-mail messages from us).
ONWARD TRANSFER:
We may outsource some tasks, including the operation of certain Web site functions, which require access to information you supply online. In such cases, however, we require that the companies acting on our behalf abide by our privacy policy and institute safeguards to protect the confidentiality of your information.
Finally, please note that we may disclose personal information when required by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary in order to comply with the law or legal process.
ACCESS AND CORRECTION:
We know the importance of accurate data. Therefore, we strive to maintain the accuracy of the information collected through this Web site. Furthermore, we believe that the individual is invaluable in ensuring that data is complete and accurate. We will provide you with access to personally-identifiable information you provide through our Web site for as long as we maintain that information in a readily accessible format. Similarly, we permit and encourage you to correct inaccuracies in the information you submit to us through our Web site.
If you wish to correct any inaccurate information you have submitted to this site, please use the mechanisms provided by the site.
SECURITY:
We take steps to protect against the loss, misuse, or unauthorized alteration of personal information collected through this Web site. We recognize the importance of security for all personal information collected by our Web site.
Once we receive personal information, we take steps to protect its security on our systems. In the event we request or transmit sensitive information, we use industry standard, Secure Socket Layer (“SSL”) Encryption.
We limit access to personal information to those employees who need access in order to carry out their job responsibilities.
POLICY CHANGES:
We may revise this online privacy policy from time to time. If we make any material changes, we will notify you by posting a prominent announcement on the Web site. If we are going to use your personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection we will notify you via e-mail. You will have a choice as to whether or not we use your information in this different manner.
Recent Articles
Get out of your comfort zone.
Meditation Mind Machine History
What is a Meditation Mind Machine?
Next Level Mind Machine Sessions
Stop Stressing, Start Living
Article Categories
Biofeedback
mind machine
self-help
Product CategoriesBiofeedback Machines
Biofeedback Self Help Courses
Meditation Mind Machines
Mind Machine Accessories
Ganzframe Glasses
Headphones
Turbosonix Encoded CDs
Uncategorized