https://minimumworld.com/information/terms-and-conditions
Sign In
Currency
UK Pound
Euro
US Dollar
Australian Dollar
Menu
Home
New
Rooms
Rooms
Bathroom
Bedroom
Christmas & Thanksgiving
Dining Room
Fireside
Games Room and Sports
Garden & Conservatory
Hall
Kitchen
Laundry Room
Living Room
Music Room
Nursery
Office and Study
Sewing Room
Church
Dental Surgery
Doctor's, Medical and Hospital
Gym
School
Shops, Restaurants, Pubs
Streetscene
Products
Products
Dolls and Resin Figures
Dolls House Accessories
Dolls House Furniture
Dolls House Lighting
Dolls Houses and Room Boxes
Doors, Windows and Building Supplies
Wallpaper, Carpets, Curtains
Children's Dolls Houses Age 3+
Gift Vouchers & Catalogues
Quality Discontinued Items and Seconds
Brands
Brands
Sale
Shopping Basket
Checkout
Search
0 items, $0.00
Checkout
Returns & Terms and Conditions
Returns and Replacements
Unwanted items may be returned for a refund subject to the following terms and conditions:
- Returns must be made within 28 days of receipt.
- Goods must be in their original packaging, undamaged and in an unused condition.
- Goods must be returned at customer's expense.
- Refunds do not include P&P. Fulfilment costs will also be deducted from the refund if a special discount or free P&P was applied to the order.
- We reserve the right not to refund any items received back in a non-resaleable condition. Such items may be returned at the customer's expense if requested.
- We do not offer an exchange service, any items returned to us will be issued with a monetary refund or a store credit.
Your statutory rights are not affected.
Please note that UK and EU customers may exercise their rights under the UK Distance Selling Regulations to return any order for a full refund including any P&P originally charged. You must inform us within 28 days that you wish to cancel the order, you then have a further 14 days to return the item to us. Please note that return postage is still the customer's responsibility.
Different terms and conditions apply to trade customers, please email info@minimumworld.com to discuss return options and see the Trade T&Cs section at the bottom of this page for more information.
In the event of a faulty item, please Contact Us before returning as different conditions for obtaining either a replacement or a refund will apply. Please ensure all packaging is retained as this may need to be examined by ourselves or the delivery company and please note if a customer has made any modifications to a product we cannot take any responsibilty for fault unless it can be proved that the item was faulty at the time of purchase.
Checking your Details
If you wish to verify the details you have submitted to Minimum World you may do so by contacting us via the e-mail address or by letter. Our security procedures mean that we may request proof of identity before we reveal information. This proof of identity will take the form of your e-mail address and password submitted upon registration. You must therefore keep this information safe as you will be responsible for any action which we take in response to a request from someone using your e-mail and password. We would strongly recommend that you do not use the browser's password memory function as that would permit other people using your terminal to access your personal information.
Minimum World Limited is the data controller for the purpose of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
You have the right to access the information which Minimum World holds about you and your right of access can be exercised in accordance with GDPR. You may lodge an access request for free, but depending upon the personal information you request, we may impose a charge to recover our costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you. We will notify you of any such charge upon receiving your access request and confirm whether you wish to proceed and pay such charge.
For more information on how your data is stored and processed, please read our Privacy Policy.
Contacting us
We are always pleased to hear from our customers (even if it is a complaint!). We are always grateful for any time you spend providing us with the knowledge we need to ensure our customers are completely satisfied - we want you to return to the site and to recommend us to your friends and family. If you have any questions or feedback about this statement, or if you would like us to stop processing your information, please do not hesitate to contact a customer service member of the Minimum World team, who will be delighted to answer any questions you may have.
You can either Contact Us directly through our website us, or send an email to info@minimumworld.com, or write to us at:
Minimum World Ltd.
Prospect House 2,
Little Money Road,
Loddon,
Norfolk
NR14 6JD
United Kingdom
Third party sites
Our site may contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and other third parties. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that they have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
Ordering
We reserve the right to amend orders due to stock availability. We will always contact you if there are any differences between the order you have placed and what will be delivered.
If you have made a mistake with your delivery address or no longer wish to purchase the goods you have ordered, please email us immediately to info@minimumworld.com. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to cancel or amend the order before despatch, but you will still be able to cancel by returning the full order in accordance with distance selling laws. We are unable to make additions or amendments to the contents of an order once it has been submitted.
We reserve the right to refuse custom to any person/s who have been deemed harmful to our business or staff and any orders made from such individuals may be automatically cancelled and refunded in full. It is not a decision we would make lightly as we are grateful for the business of all our customers and any such individual/s would be informed fully about our decision and why it was made. Reasons for cancellation may include, but are not limited to, the following: repeatedly contacting Minimum World Ltd or its staff using explicit or offensive language; false claims of non-receipt of orders; payment chargebacks on orders which have been rightfully delivered.
Payment, Pricing and Promotions
We accept payments through PayPal or by debit/credit cards. We also accept cheque payments from customers with UK bank accounts in Pound Sterling. All prices shown on the website at the time of order are the prices that will be the prices charged. Prices are charged in the currency you have selected for checkout. Any promotions will be subject to the additional criteria quoted with the promotion.
Competition Terms & Conditions
For competitions that we run on social media which involve free gifts as prizes please see the T&Cs below:
1. The promoter of the competition is: Minimum World This promotion is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with, Facebook, Twitter or any other social network.
2. Employees of Minimum World or their family members or anyone else connected in any way with the competition or helping to set up the competition shall not be permitted to enter the competition.
3. There is no entry fee and no purchase necessary to enter the competition.
4. Closing date for entry will be specified in the competition post. After this date no further entries to the competition will be permitted.
5. No responsibility can be accepted for entries not received for whatever reason.
6. Only entries on the original entry posts will be counted. Likes on shares, shares of shares etc, will not be included.
7. No cash alternative to the prizes will be offered. The prizes are not transferable. Prizes are subject to availability and we reserve the right to substitute any prize with another of equivalent value without giving notice.
8. Winners will be chosen at random.
9. The winner will be notified within 14 days of the closing date. If the winner cannot be contacted or do not claim the prize within 14 days of notification, we reserve the right to withdraw the prize from the winner and pick a replacement winner.
10. The promoter’s decision in respect of all matters to do with the competition will be final and no correspondence will be entered into.
11. By entering this competition, an entrant is indicating his/her agreement to be bound by these terms and conditions.
12. The competition and these terms and conditions will be governed by English law and any disputes will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England.
13. The winner agrees to the use of his/her name and image in any publicity material. Any personal data relating to the winner or any other entrants will be used solely in accordance with current UK data protection legislation and will not be disclosed to a third party without the entrant’s prior consent.
14. Contestants are providing their information to Minimum World and not to any other party. The information provided will be used in conjunction with the company’s Privacy Policy.
15. Competition entries should be made in the first instance on the relevant social media platform as specified at the launch of said competition where possible. Alternatively, where appropriate, entries submitted by email to info@minimumworld.com may also be accepted.
Trade T&Cs
By placing a trade order with Minimum World Ltd, you are deemed to have accepted the terms and conditions as set out below:
- No minimum order value or minimum product quantities required.
- Free shipping to UK mainland addresses on orders over £200 (ex VAT). International shipping is charged at checkout but there may be an additional payment required depending on the size and weight of the parcel. You will be contacted with quotes and shipping options, if applicable, before the order is despatched.
- Any issues with the order/products received must be raised with Minimum World Ltd within 14 days of receipt. Any faulty products reported within this timeframe will either be replaced, refunded, or a store credit will be issued. If Minimum World Ltd requires a faulty product to be returned then the cost of return postage will be reimbursed, but you must email info@minimumworld.com before returning any faulty products.
- General returns and cancellations of trade orders will be accepted if Minimum World Ltd is notified within 14 days of receipt and the goods are returned still in their original, unopened packaging. The safe return and cost of return postage of the parcel is the customer’s responsibility. You must email info@minimumworld.com before returning any items.
- Pre-orders for special quantities or bespoke items will require a 50% non-refundable deposit paid in advance and the items will be non-returnable.
- Trade status will be regularly reviewed by Minimum World Ltd and may be removed at any time (for example for breach of trade criteria or insufficient annual spend). In this event, your trade customer account with Minimum World Ltd will be converted to a retail customer account and we will notify you of the change by email. If we have made the decision to close your account entirely because you (or your company) have been deemed harmful to Minimum World Ltd, or its staff, then we will be unable to accept any further orders from yourself (or your company) in any capacity.
Sign Up to Our Newsletter
Be the first to hear about exclusive offers and arrivals
First Name:
Last Name:
Email
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
British Virgin Islands
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cabo Verde
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Collectivity of Saint Martin
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote D'Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
France, Metropolitan
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern and Antarctic Lands
Gabon
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard and Mc Donald Islands
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia, Federated States of
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
North Korea
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn Islands
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Republic of Ireland
Republic of Macedonia
Republic of the Congo
Reunion
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia (Slovak Republic)
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
South Korea
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
State of Palestine
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen Islands
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
The Gambia
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
United States Minor Outlying Islands
United States Virgin Islands
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City
Venezuela
Vietnam
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Yugoslavia
Zaire
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Sign Up