http://mitpress.mit.edu/privacy
Skip to main content
MIT Press
" />
Search
Search
Menu
close
Close Menu
Books
close
Close
View All Topics
Authors
Best Sellers
The MIT Press Reader
Catalogs
Distributed Presses
New and Forthcoming
Podcasts
Series and Imprints
Textbooks
MIT Press Direct
MIT Press Direct is a distinctive collection of influential MIT Press books curated for scholars and libraries worldwide.
More Info >
Back
Books
Journals
close
Close
Journals All Topics
The Arts & Humanities
Economics
Science & Technology
International Affairs, History, & Political Science
Journals
MIT Press began publishing journals in 1970 with the first volumes of Linguistic Inquiry and the Journal of Interdisciplinary History. Today we publish over 30 titles in the arts and humanities, social sciences, and science and technology.
MIT Press Journals
Back
Journals
Open Access
Resources
close
Close
For Instructors
Requesting an Exam/Desk Copy
View All Textbooks
Current Authors
General Info
LaTex and TeX Guidelines
Marketing Your Book
Royalty and Tax Information
For Prospective Authors
Acquisitions Inquiries
Acquisitions Staff
Submitting a Book Proposal
Peer Review
For Journalists
For Booksellers
Rights and Permissions
Quick Guides
PDF
Author Guidelines for Professional Books
PDF
Author Guidelines for Trade Books
Back
Resources
Give
About
close
Close
Established in 1962, the MIT Press is one of the largest and most distinguished university presses in the world and a leading publisher of books and journals at the intersection of science, technology, art, social science, and design.
About
Catalogs
Conferences
Press Editorial Board
Give to the MIT Press
Internships
Jobs
Press Management Board
Press News
Virtual Author Events
Back
About
Contact
close
Close
Send us a message
Phone
(617)-253-5646
General Inquiries
44 1243 843294
Overseas Orders
0800 243407
UK Only
Connect
facebook
Facebook
twitter
Twitter
linkedin
LinkedIn
pinterest
Pinterest
glyph-logo_May2016 Instagram
YouTube
Location
The MIT Press, US
One Rogers Street,
Cambridge, MA 02142-1209
Address
The MIT Press, UK
Suite 2, 1 Duchess Street
London, W1W 6AN, UK
Address
The MIT Press Bookstore
301 Massachusetts Ave.
Cambridge, MA 02139
Address
Back
Contact
Search
Search
Search
Advanced Search
close
Close
Breadcrumb
Home
Privacy
Privacy
Introduction
The MIT Press is committed to supporting the privacy of our website users.  This Privacy Statement explains how we handle and use the personal information we collect about users.
What personal information we collect
While specific information may vary for particular individuals, we may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal information about you, which we have grouped together as follows:
Basic biographic/contact information – name, home and/or business addresses, phone numbers, and email addresses.
Communication preferences – what newsletters and book topics you are interested in
Analytical information – aggregated information related to web visitor activity and email marketing actions
How we collect personal information about you
Directly from you, when you give us your information in order to receive our marketing emails
The MIT Press uses Google Analytics to gather statistics for mitpress.mit.edu. The information gathered is used to improve web services for visitors. Google Analytics uses a browser cookie for statistical analysis related to your browsing behavior on these websites. If you choose, you can opt out by turning off cookies in the preferences settings in your browser, or download and install Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on. For more information on Google Analytics, please visit their website.
We use Hotjar in order to better understand our users’ needs and to optimize this service and experience. Hotjar is a technology service that helps us better understand our users experience (e.g. how much time they spend on which pages, which links they choose to click, what users do and don’t like, etc.) and this enables us to build and maintain our service with user feedback. Hotjar uses cookies and other technologies to collect data on our users’ behavior and their devices (in particular device's IP address (captured and stored only in anonymized form), device screen size, device type (unique device identifiers), browser information, geographic location (country only), preferred language used to display our website). Hotjar stores this information in a pseudonymized user profile. Neither Hotjar nor we will ever use this information to identify individual users or to match it with further data on an individual user. For further details, please see Hotjar’s privacy policy by clicking on this link.
You can opt-out to the creation of a user profile, Hotjar’s storing of data about your usage of our site and Hotjar’s use of tracking cookies on other websites by following this opt-out link.
How we use your personal information
We use your personal information for a number of legitimate purposes all in support of the Institute and its mission.  Specifically, we use your personal information to:
Send you newsletters about MIT Press Books and Journals and other products
Conduct Surveys
If you have concerns about any of these purposes, or how we communicate with you, please contact us at mitp-dpo@mit.edu. We will always respect a request by you to stop processing your personal information (subject to our legal obligations).
When we share your personal information
To perform the functions listed above, it may be necessary to share your personal information with third party software. We use MailChimp to store and send email newsletters to you.
How your information is stored and secured
MIT uses risk-assessed administrative, technical and physical security measures to protect your personal information. Email contact information is stored in MailChimp, an email list management software. MailChimp Privacy Policy
How long we keep your personal information
We will keep your information until you indicate you want us to delete it. Otherwise, we will store it securely. You have the option to unsubscribe to marketing emails at any time.
Rights for Individuals in the European Economic Area
You have the right in certain circumstances to (1) access your personal information; (2) to correct or erase information; (3) restrict processing; and (4) object to communications, direct marketing, or profiling.  To the extent applicable, the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation provides further information about your rights.  You also have the right to lodge complaints with your national or regional data protection authority.
If you are inclined to exercise these rights, we request an opportunity to discuss with you any concerns you may have. To protect the personal information we hold, we may also request further information to verify your identify when exercising these rights.  Upon a request to erase information, we will maintain a core set of personal data to ensure we do not contact you inadvertently in the future, as well as any information necessary for MIT archival purposes.  We may also need to retain some financial information for legal purposes, including US IRS compliance.  In the event of an actual or threatened legal claim, we may retain your information for purposes of establishing, defending against or exercising our rights with respect to such claim.
By providing information directly to MIT, you consent to the transfer of your personal information outside of the European Economic Area to the United States.  You understand that the current laws and regulations of the United States may not provide the same level of protection as the data and privacy laws and regulations of the EEA.
You are under no statutory or contractual obligation to provide any personal data to us.
Additional Information
We may change this Privacy Statement from time to time.  If we make any significant changes in the way we treat your personal information we will make this clear on our MIT websites or by contacting you directly.
The controller for your personal information is MIT.  If you are in the EU and wish to assert any of your applicable GDPR rights, please contact dataprotection@mit.edu.
This policy was last updated in MAY 2018.