https://mobile-knowledge.com/privacy-policy/
Mobile Knowledge Systems Inc. Privacy PolicyThe following policy describes how Mobile Knowledge Systems Inc. (“Mobile Knowledge“) collects, stores, uses and distributes information that is submitted to us by individuals.Our goal is to collect, use and disclose only that information reasonably required to enable us to provide the particular product or service that you have requested, to improve our website, products or services, to maintain our customer lists, to respond to your inquiries or feedback or to conduct the particular activity for which you have submitted information.USE OF INFORMATIONOur goal is to collect, use and disclose only that information reasonably required to enable us to provide the particular product or service that you have requested, to improve our website, products or services, to maintain our customer lists, to respond to your inquiries or feedback or to conduct the particular activity for which you have submitted information.We will use information we collect to compile aggregate statistics, traffic patterns and related site information, to conduct internal research and marketing and may also provide general information to our partners, investors or other third parties.We may contact you from time to time to offer additional products or services. If you do not want to be contacted please contact us at the address provided below. However, if we remove you form our contacts list, please note that you will not receive product update information.From time to time we may employ third parties to help us improve our operations, marketing materials or our site. These third parties may have limited access to databases of our information solely for the purpose of helping us to achieve these objectives and they will not be able to use the information for any other purpose.HOW TO CONTROL THE INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE TO US If you want to remove your information from our database, please email privacy@mobile-knowledge.com, and inform us of your request. However, you can always use postal mail to make your request to:Privacy CoordinatorMobile Knowledge Systems Inc.Suite 100 – 11 Hines RoadKanata, OntarioCanada K2K 2X1Tel: 613-287-5020Fax: 613-287-5021Please allow 4 to 6 weeks for us to update your information.IMPORTANT EXCEPTIONSWe may disclose information to a third party without your consent if we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) our rights or property, other site users or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities or if we believe in good faith that such disclosure is required by and in accordance with the law or judicial process.We will also disclose your information to third party agencies providing credit card processing, fraud detection and order fulfillment services for purchases from our site and in connection with a corporate re-organization, a merger or amalgamation with another entity, or a sale of all or a substantial portion of our assets provided that the information disclosed continues to be used for the purposes permitted by this Privacy Policy by the entity acquiring the information.We will retain information to the extent we believe is required by law.OUTSIDE PARTIES AND SITES AND INTERNET SECURITYWe may provide links to third party websites or offer third-party vendors and websites. The privacy policies of these third parties are not under our control and may differ from ours. The use of any information that you may provide to any third party, or the use of “cookie” technology by any third party, will be governed by the privacy policy of the operator of the website that you are visiting. If you have any doubts about the privacy of the information you are providing on another website, we recommend that you contact that site directly for more information and review its privacy policy.The Internet is not a secure medium of communication and privacy cannot be ensured. We cannot assume any responsibility, nor will we be liable, for any damages you or a third party may suffer as a result of the transmission of any information that you make to us through the Internet, or as a result of information you provide to third party websites linked to our site.CHANGES TO OUR POLICYIf we find it necessary or desirable to change our privacy policy in the future, we will post changes as soon as they go into effect so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how it will be used, and under what circumstances we will disclose it. Any change to this policy will become effective on the date the change is posted. You can determine this date by looking at the date at the bottom of this web page. We recommend that you print a copy of this policy for your reference and revisit this policy from time to time to ensure you are aware of any changes. Should you not agree with any changes, your sole remedy is to remove your information from our database. Please contact us at the address noted above to do so.LET US KNOW WHAT YOU THINK If you have any questions or comments about your privacy and Mobile Knowledge, please let us know by contacting us at privacy@mobile-knowledge.com.GENERALWe control the site (excluding third party linked sites) from our corporate offices within the province of Ontario, Canada. The law of the province of Ontario (and applicable Canadian federal laws) will apply to all issues and matters relating to or arising from your use of this site. You agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction and venue of the courts of Ontario located in Ottawa, Ontario or any federal court located in Ontario. Choice of law principles and the United Nations Convention for the International Sale of Goods and any legislation implementing such Convention are hereby expressly excluded.Last updated January 1, 2013.Contact UsSuite 100 – 11 Hines RoadKanata, ON K2K 2X1 Canada
Tel: +1 613.287.5020Toll Free: +1 866.624.5330Email: solutions@mobile-knowledge.com
SupportCustomer PortalTeamViewer DownloadContact Us
Scroll to topThis site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.OKLearn moreCookie and Privacy SettingsHow we use cookiesWe may request cookies to be set on your device. We use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with our website.Click on the different category headings to find out more. You can also change some of your preferences. Note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer.Essential Website CookiesThese cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features.Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the website, refuseing them will have impact how our site functions. You always can block or delete cookies by changing your browser settings and force blocking all cookies on this website. But this will always prompt you to accept/refuse cookies when revisiting our site.We fully respect if you want to refuse cookies but to avoid asking you again and again kindly allow us to store a cookie for that. You are free to opt out any time or opt in for other cookies to get a better experience. If you refuse cookies we will remove all set cookies in our domain.We provide you with a list of stored cookies on your computer in our domain so you can check what we stored. Due to security reasons we are not able to show or modify cookies from other domains. You can check these in your browser security settings.Check to enable permanent hiding of message bar and refuse all cookies if you do not opt in. We need 2 cookies to store this setting. Otherwise you will be prompted again when opening a new browser window or new a tab.Click to enable/disable essential site cookies.Google Analytics CookiesThese cookies collect information that is used either in aggregate form to help us understand how our website is being used or how effective our marketing campaigns are, or to help us customize our website and application for you in order to enhance your experience.If you do not want that we track your visit to our site you can disable tracking in your browser here:Click to enable/disable Google Analytics tracking.Other external servicesWe also use different external services like Google Webfonts, Google Maps, and external Video providers. Since these providers may collect personal data like your IP address we allow you to block them here. Please be aware that this might heavily reduce the functionality and appearance of our site. Changes will take effect once you reload the page.Google Webfont Settings:Click to enable/disable Google Webfonts.Google Map Settings:Click to enable/disable Google Maps.Google reCaptcha Settings:Click to enable/disable Google reCaptcha.Vimeo and Youtube video embeds:Click to enable/disable video embeds.Other cookiesThe following cookies are also needed - You can choose if you want to allow them:Click to enable/disable _ga - Stores information needed by Google Analytics.Click to enable/disable _gid - Stores information needed by Google Analytics.Click to enable/disable _gat_* - Stores information needed by Google Analytics.Privacy PolicyYou can read about our cookies and privacy settings in detail on our Privacy Policy Page.
Privacy Policy