https://mobile-knowledge.com/terms-of-use/
Terms of  UseThese terms of use (the “terms“) apply to all users of the Mobile-Knowledge web site (the “site“), and to all products, services, resources, information, materials and other content available on the site (which we collectively refer to in these terms as the “Content“).These terms contain certain indemnities, limitations of liability and restricted warranties.The terms incorporate by reference the Mobile Knowledge Privacy Policy.By accessing the site, you are deemed by us to have read, understand and agree to be bound by and comply with these terms. If you do not agree with these terms your sole remedy is to discontinue your use of the site.Protecting Site Users:We do not monitor or control activities on this site, and assume no liability for user activities. However, if we believe that a violation of these terms has or may occur, we reserve our right to take preventative or responsive action, including, but is not limited to, temporary or permanent removal of access to the site, and warnings to the Internet Service Provider associated with the individual in question or account owner(s) responsible. We also reserve our rights to disclose any information as necessary to satisfy any law, regulation, or governmental request and investigate suspected violations of these terms, including the gathering of information from the user(s) involved and the complaining party, if any, and examination of material on our servers and network. Violations of these terms may also subject you to criminal or civil liability or other legal action.You consent to and authorize us, our affiliates and agents to cooperate with (i) law enforcement authorities or governmental agencies in the investigation of suspected violations of applicable law, and (ii) system administrators or other Internet service providers or other network or computing facilities to enforce these terms. Such cooperation may include provision of usernames, IP addresses, or other identifying information; and to terminate, without notice, your access and use of the site or the purchase of products and services from our suppliers or us if, in our sole discretion, you have violated these terms.Copyrights and Trademarks:The site and Contents are the property of Mobile Knowledge and its licensors and are protected by Canadian and foreign copyright laws and international treaties. All copyright, trademark, and other proprietary rights in the site, Content and in the services, products, software, text, graphics, design elements, audio, music, and all other materials originated or used by us at the site are reserved to us or our licensors. The site may contain trademarks, logos and links to the web sites of third parties. Any domain names, URLs, trademarks or logos appearing on the site or in any Content are the sole property of their respective owners. Copyright © 2003 – 2014 Mobile Knowledge Systems Inc. All rights reserved.You may not modify, copy, reproduce, publish, upload, post, transmit, distribute, or commercially exploit in any way any Content, including code and software.Your Feedback:Any feedback provided to us regarding the site, or our products or services may be used by us without restriction or accounting to you, including its utilization in products, services or marketing or other collateral.Your Indemnity:You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Mobile Knowledge, its subsidiaries and affiliates and their officers, employees, directors, agents, suppliers and sponsors from and against any and all claims, damages, costs, or other expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees) that arise directly or indirectly out of or from your activities in connection with the site or Contents, including without limitation any breach of these terms or information made available by you on the site.Last updated February 10, 2014.Contact UsSuite 100 – 11 Hines RoadKanata, ON K2K 2X1 Canada
Tel: +1 613.287.5020Toll Free: +1 866.624.5330Email: solutions@mobile-knowledge.com
SupportCustomer PortalTeamViewer DownloadContact Us
Scroll to topThis site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.OKLearn moreCookie and Privacy SettingsHow we use cookiesWe may request cookies to be set on your device. We use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with our website.Click on the different category headings to find out more. You can also change some of your preferences. Note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer.Essential Website CookiesThese cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features.Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the website, refuseing them will have impact how our site functions. You always can block or delete cookies by changing your browser settings and force blocking all cookies on this website. But this will always prompt you to accept/refuse cookies when revisiting our site.We fully respect if you want to refuse cookies but to avoid asking you again and again kindly allow us to store a cookie for that. You are free to opt out any time or opt in for other cookies to get a better experience. If you refuse cookies we will remove all set cookies in our domain.We provide you with a list of stored cookies on your computer in our domain so you can check what we stored. Due to security reasons we are not able to show or modify cookies from other domains. You can check these in your browser security settings.Check to enable permanent hiding of message bar and refuse all cookies if you do not opt in. We need 2 cookies to store this setting. Otherwise you will be prompted again when opening a new browser window or new a tab.Click to enable/disable essential site cookies.Google Analytics CookiesThese cookies collect information that is used either in aggregate form to help us understand how our website is being used or how effective our marketing campaigns are, or to help us customize our website and application for you in order to enhance your experience.If you do not want that we track your visit to our site you can disable tracking in your browser here:Click to enable/disable Google Analytics tracking.Other external servicesWe also use different external services like Google Webfonts, Google Maps, and external Video providers. Since these providers may collect personal data like your IP address we allow you to block them here. Please be aware that this might heavily reduce the functionality and appearance of our site. Changes will take effect once you reload the page.Google Webfont Settings:Click to enable/disable Google Webfonts.Google Map Settings:Click to enable/disable Google Maps.Google reCaptcha Settings:Click to enable/disable Google reCaptcha.Vimeo and Youtube video embeds:Click to enable/disable video embeds.Other cookiesThe following cookies are also needed - You can choose if you want to allow them:Click to enable/disable _ga - Stores information needed by Google Analytics.Click to enable/disable _gid - Stores information needed by Google Analytics.Click to enable/disable _gat_* - Stores information needed by Google Analytics.Privacy PolicyYou can read about our cookies and privacy settings in detail on our Privacy Policy Page.
Privacy Policy