https://moneyslinger.com/privacy-security-policy/
Privacy & Security Policy – MoneySlinger Personal & Family Budgeting Software
Skip to content
info@moneyslinger.com
Account Login
HomeFree CourseINTRODUCTIONLEVEL 1 ~ Finding the Forest In the TreesLEVEL 2 ~ Managing the Forest In the TreesLEVEL 3 ~ Mastering TimeLEVEL 4 ~ Understanding Your Master PlanLEVEL 5 ~ Overview of Management Steps – STEP 1LEVEL 6 ~ Overview of Management Steps – STEP 2LEVEL 7 ~ Overview of Your Management Steps – Step 3LEVEL 8 ~ Cruise Control & MasteryThe BackstorySecurityHow Secure is Your Data?Terms of UsePrivacy & Security PolicyContact
Search for:
Search for:
Privacy & Security PolicyMoneySlinger2019-03-04T09:15:47-06:00
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey or fill out a form. When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information.
Under no circumstances do we review or personally collect financial data relative to any subscribers. The only way to access your financial data in any perceivable form is via an active MoneySlinger subscription at www.MoneySlinger.com using the private password you created for your account.
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your Login ID and Password.
We maintain strict rules to help prevent others from guessing your password. We also recommend that you change your password periodically. Your password must be 6-8 characters in length. You may not provide these credentials to any third party. If you believe that they have been stolen or been made known to others, we recommend you change your password in your “Settings” profile page. We are not responsible if someone else accesses your account through Registration Information they have obtained from you or through a violation by you of this Privacy and Security Policy or the ww.MoneySlinger.com Terms of Use.
What do we use your non-financial information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience. Your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs.
To improve our website. We continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
To improve customer service. Your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
To process transactions. Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.
To send periodic emails. The email address you provide for order processing will only be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then is encrypted into our payment gateway provider’s database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
Do we use cookies?
Yes. (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.)
We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or other’s rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Blogs and other Forums on www.MoneySlinger.com
If you use the blog or forum on our Site, you should be aware that any information you submit there can be read, collected or used by other users and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. We are not responsible for the personal information you choose to submit in these forums.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
All actively subscribed MoneySlinger users may make changes to their personal account information at anytime by logging into their “Settings Panel” in order to edit their profile.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at https://moneyslinger.com/terms-of-use
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our web site privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, send an email notifying you of any changes, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified on 9-11-11
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
https://moneyslinger.com
Roesner Enterprises, Inc.
3344 Commercial Drive
Northbrook, IL 60062
United States
info@moneyslinger.net
847-509-8704
Copyright 2002 | Roesner Enterprises, Inc., 3344 Commercial Avenue, Northbrook, IL 60062