https://mothersenvogue.com/help/privacy-policy/
Home
Help
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting the Mothersenvogue.com website. We take your privacy seriously, and we want you to know how we collect, use, share, and protect your information.
What kind of information is collected?
When you place an order we collect information such as your name, email address, mailing and delivery addresses, phone and credit card numbers that you provide, in order to complete your transaction. We also maintain a record of your purchases online.
When you register an online account with us, we ask for your name, email address and how you got to know us. We may ask for additional optional information, such as your product and service preferences, so we can notify you of new or additional products and promotions that might be of interest to you.
How is the collected information used?
When you make an online purchase from Mothers en Vogue, we use your information to process your order. We will also send you emails to confirm your order, and we may need to contact you via phone, postal mail or email if we have other questions regarding your order. From time to time, we may also send you customer surveys to help us learn more about your shopping preferences.
To improve our web site, we collect non-personal information about how users navigate through the site. This statistical information does not include individual names or personal data, so it does not identify you or any other customer.
You will receive promotional e-mails from us only if you have subscribed to our mailing list.
We do not sell or rent your information to third parties. However, under very limited circumstances as described below, we do disclose information to third parties.
Does you share my information with third parties?
We may occasionally contract third parties to assist us in maintaining and managing our customer database or assist us in distributing our communications with our customers. We do not, however, authorize any of those third parties to make any other use of your information.
How do I remove my information from your mailing list?
You will receive promotional e-mails from us only if you have created an account or signed up for newsletter updates from us. You can subscribe and unsubscribe from this service at any time. With each promotional email that we send out, there will be instructions on how to unsubscribe. Alternatively, you can change your subscription status in your account preference.
If you choose to unsubscribe, we will stop sending you e-mails. Please note, however, that some e-mail promotions are prepared well in advance, so you may continue to receive offers after you have chosen to unsubscribe. We appreciate your patience in giving us time to carry out your request.
What about links to other web sites?
Mothersenvogue.com contains links to other sites that have their own policies regarding privacy. Mothers en Vogue is not responsible for the privacy practices of these websites whose links are provided solely for the convenience and information of our visitors.
Your Choices
Upon your request, we will (a) correct any information we have about you; (b) stop sending e-mails to your e-mail address; and/or (c) disable your account to prevent any future purchases through that account. Please make these requests by contacting our contact us page.
×