https://mountainamericajerky.com/store-policies/
Menu
Samplers & Gifts
Beef
Buffalo
Elk
Venison
Fish
Exotic
Turkey
Reviews
Shop All
Store Policies
Shipping Info
Flat rate of $4.95 for all orders.
We ship to APO / FPO / DPO addresses.
Orders are shipped via the US Postal Service. Please allow 2-6 days for delivery after your order is completed.
Shipping is available in the U.S. only. Canadian customers please call to order. Duties, taxes and insurance will apply.
Express delivery available. Please email sales@mountainamericajerky.com for details.
Return Policy
If you are not totally satisfied with your purchase, please let us know. We will take care of the issue.
Any unopened packages may be returned within 30 days of receipt for a full refund (less shipping) with a copy of the original invoice.
Privacy Policy
Who we are
Our website address is: https://mountainamericajerky.com. All personal information used when ordering products from Mountain America Jerky is strictly confidential.
Your personal data will be used to process your order, support your experience throughout this website, and for other purposes described below.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Cookies
If you make a purchase on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Your credit card information goes through 128 bit encryption and is only provided to PayPal or Stripe, our processing companies. We never see or store your full credit card number, only the approval code and authorization.
Our MenuShop All
Alligator Jerky
Antelope Jerky
Beef Jerky
Buffalo Jerky
Duck Jerky
Elk Jerky
Exotic Jerky
Fish Jerky
Gluten Free Jerky
Kangaroo Jerky
Ostrich Jerky
Salmon Jerky
Trout Jerky
Tuna Jerky
Turkey Jerky
Venison Jerky
Wild Boar Jerky
Wild Game Jerky
Yak Jerky
FlavorsOriginal Jerky
Spicy Jerky
Sweet & Spicy Jerky
Teriyaki Jerky
Peppered Jerky
Garlic Black Pepper Jerky
Habañero Jerky
More Good StuffGift Packs & Samplers
Jerky of the Month Club
Meat Snack Sticks
Gourmet Smoked Cheese
Jerky for Dogs
Bar Soap
Gift Certificate
Potential holiday-related shipping delays.
Learn More
Hello. Add your message here.