https://mountainskysoap.com/customer-service/terms-conditions/
Skip to content
Terms & Conditions
Home>Customer Service & Support>Terms & Conditions
Terms & ConditionsNina George2016-11-04T18:41:57+00:00
Welcome to the Mountain Sky website. If you continue to browse and use this website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern Mountain Sky’s relationship with you in relation to this website. If you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, please do not use our website.
The term Mountain Sky or ‘us’ or ‘we’ refers to the owner of the website whose is registered as Willowtree & Daughters Enterprises Inc. and whose office is located at 2276 Highway #6, Crescent Valley, BC, V0G1H0.  The term ‘you’ refers to the user or viewer of our website.
Refund/Exchange Policy
We offer a 14-day refund/exchange for all Mountain Sky products sold on our website that has been damaged via shipping, OR if you are dissatisfied with a Mountain Sky product sold on our website.
If you have purchased a Mountain Sky product in a store, please return it to the store. Refunds/exchanges at stores are dependent on the store return policy.
We do NOT offer refunds or exchanges for any Made in Canada gift or other non-Mountain Sky products sold on our website unless there has been documented damage via shipping. Variations in color, size and look may occur from website picture. Please call customer service if you are uncertain of a Made in Canada product before placing an order.
Please call customer service at 1-866-309-4552 ext 4, in advance to obtain an RMA number (Return Merchandise Authorization) within 14 days of purchase date. Return merchandise with RMA number to: Mountain Sky, Box 119, Crescent Valley, BC, V0G1H0
NOTE: Refunds sent with no RMA number will be returned to sender at your cost. Returned merchandise shipping costs will be determined by customer service as per details of return.
Order Cancellation Policy
Please submit any cancellation via our website contact page, or call our business phone at 1-866-309-4552 ext 4
E-mail cancellations must contain the following: First name, last name, order number, and e-mail address. This information must be identical to the information originally submitted on your order. Please provide contact information so that we may contact you if we have questions in regards to canceling your order.
Every effort will be made to accommodate the cancellation of your order, providing your order has not been charged and/or shipped out. In the event that a cancellation was submitted (via e-mail or phone), and your order was NOT shipped out, we will gladly cancel the order.
However, if the cancellation was documented as received AFTER the order was shipped, we cannot refund the merchandise, taxes, or shipping charges.
Shipping Costs
Customer assumes all shipping costs as per prescribed in our shipping page. If we receive an incorrect address and order is returned to us, then customer will be charged for all further costs of shipping to correct address.
Mountain Sky primarily uses Canada Post to ship all packages. Rush order upgrades or other requested shipping couriers will be charged accordingly.
14-Day Warranty Policy
All products (unless specifically stated otherwise), carry an implied, 14-Day warranty against defects due to manufacturing or failure. Warranty does not include any use of the product that does not fall into the designed use of the product as intended by the manufacturer.
Out of Stock Policy
The most important thing to keep in mind when ordering is that our stock balances fluctuate throughout the day with sales demand and stock that we receive from the manufacturers of Made in Canada gifts. Items are constantly being sold and our stock is constantly being replenished. If the item is identified as “Out of Stock”, we can special order the item for you and ship it as soon as we get it. Most items ship within 2 weeks.
Just because the item you ordered is NOT identified as out-of-stock does not necessarily mean that it will be in-stock at the moment you order it. We will notify you if the item you ordered is out-of-stock. We first try to reply via e-mail and give you 3 days to reply. If we have not heard from you, we will then try to call you at the numbers you provide with your order. Be sure to give us your current e-mail address and phone number.
Many Made in Canada out-of-stock items are excellent products and are available for purchase, but we do not always stock these items in inventory. We will be happy to special order these items for you in a timely fashion. Again, most items ship within 2 weeks.
The use of Mountain Sky’s website is subject to the following terms of use:
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
All trademarks reproduced in this website, which are not the property of, or licensed to the operator, are acknowledged on the website.
Unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.
From time to time, this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of British Columbia, Canada.
On Sale
Natural Bar Soaps
Castile Liquid Soap
Shampoo Bar
Lip Balms
Body Butter
Massage Bars
Gift Bundles
Canadian Gifts
Gifts for the Home
Yummy Treats
Soap Box Blog
Can I wash my hair with soap?
Customer Service & Support
My Account
Contact US
How to Order
Warranty & Returns
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Product & Skincare FAQs
Subscribe to our mailing list
* indicates required
Email
*
First Name
Please be aware that currently there are shipment delays. Thank you for your understanding. Give an instant gift with a Mountain Sky Gift Certificate! Dismiss
Go to Top