https://mountainskysoap.com/customer-service/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Home>Customer Service & Support>Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicyNina George2016-11-04T18:41:57+00:00
Mountain Sky Soaps is concerned about the privacy of its users and is committed to providing a secure environment for our customers and visitors.
All areas of this site are open to all visitors to read, search, and browse. Visitors need not register or give any personal identification to use the general areas.
We only gather information from you when you:
Register on our site
Place an order
Subscribe to our newsletter
How is my information used?
We do not share information about you with other companies. Through the order forms on our site, we collect information necessary for billing and shipping. Where visitors choose to provide the site with a name, e-mail address or other information in order to purchase products or receive e-mail notices of new products, Mountain Sky Soaps keeps all such response lists confidential.
If you register on our site, we only use that information when you place an order. We may need to contact you regarding your order so we need your phone number and email address. We may also send information about our company to you. If you do not want to receive email from us please deselect the check box when registering or unsubscribe to our newsletter via email.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database. The information is only accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems and they are required to keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, addresses, etc.) is immediately printed and deleted from our computer. After we process your credit card, your number is then destroyed.
Do we use cookies?
This site may, from time to time, use cookies to collect non-personally identifiable information to monitor and enhance the site. This may include, for example, the installation of site analytical software such as Google Analytics. To learn more about cookies, please visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
Personal identifiable information will not be sold or rented to any other organization or entity.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions page establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policy, please contact us.
On Sale
Natural Bar Soaps
Castile Liquid Soap
Shampoo Bar
Lip Balms
Body Butter
Massage Bars
Gift Bundles
Canadian Gifts
Gifts for the Home
Yummy Treats
Soap Box Blog
Can I wash my hair with soap?
Customer Service & Support
My Account
Contact US
How to Order
Warranty & Returns
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Product & Skincare FAQs
Subscribe to our mailing list
* indicates required
Email
*
First Name
Please be aware that currently there are shipment delays. Thank you for your understanding. Give an instant gift with a Mountain Sky Gift Certificate! Dismiss
Go to Top