https://mrrosesfarms.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy We recognize the importance of maintaining the privacy of our users.   The information we gather through our Web site, emails, fax and telephone through the process of placing an order, when you send an email, or when you call; is the following:
Your name, address, email address, telephone number, billing address, shipping address, (we do not receive or keep your credit card number, expiration date, security code on card, that is handled by Authorize.Net),  if you choose to enter information such us gender and birth date, any promotion code, gift recipients’ names, addresses, email addresses, and telephone numbers. We gather personal information to allow us to process your orders and to inform you of special offers and discounts, and to help us deliver a superior level of customer service.   It enables us to give you convenient access to our products and services.
MR Roses Farms takes extreme precautions to safeguard your personal information against loss, theft, and misuse, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction.
MR Roses Farms does not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with other people or nonaffiliated companies except to provide products or services you’ve requested, when we have your permission, or under the following circumstances:
We respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims; when we believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of MR Roses Farms’ terms of use, or as otherwise required by law.
We may from time to time send you an email or other communications regarding current promotions, specials and new additions to our sites. If you have supplied us with your telephone number(s) you may receive telephone calls from us with information or requests for information regarding an order you have placed. You may “opt out,” or unsubscribe from our newsletters and non-transactional related emails by following the unsubscribe instructions in any email you receive from us or by sending an email to unsubscribe@mrrosesfarms.com If you make a purchase or an attempted purchase on one of our Sites, you will be opted back in to our newsletters and promotional communications until you opt out or unsubscribe once again.
Established third-party banking institutions, process agents and distribution institutions handle all credit card transactions and order fulfillment; they receive the information they need to verify and authorize your credit card transactions and to ship your order.  When you access your account information, the information is kept on a secure server.
MR Roses Farms would like to make an emphasis to our clients that credit card numbers are NOT to be sent via end-user messaging technologies, such us email, direct chat, etc.
We welcome feedback concerning our privacy policy. Please send your comments and questions.
Identity Protection
In order to provide you with ease of access to your account, MR Roses Farms will place a cookie (a small text file) on any computer from which you are accessing the MR Roses Farms Web site.   When you revisit the Web Site, this cookie will let us recognize you as the account holder and provide you with direct access to your account without requiring you to retype any password or user identification.   You are responsible for updating and maintaining the truth and accuracy of the information you provide to relating to your account.    You are also responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer.   You may choose to share your account with other people by providing them your password.   However, if you decide to share your account with other people, you take full responsibility for their actions.   Users of public or shared computers should log out at the completion of each visit to the MR Roses Farms Web site.
If you find that you’re a victim of identity theft and it involves a MR Roses Farms account, you should notify us immediately; then you should report this instance to all your credit card issuers, as well as your local law enforcement agency.   MR Roses Farms reserves the right to place any account on hold anytime with or without notification to the subscriber in order to protect itself and its partners from what it believes to be fraudulent activity.
Cookies
Our site uses standard technologies called “cookies” to collect information about how our site is used.   A cookie is a small data text file, which a website stores on your computer’s hard drive that can later be retrieved to identify you to us. A cookie cannot be read by a website other than the one that set the cookie.   Cookies can securely store a customer’s password, personalize home pages, identify which parts of the site have been visited or keep track of selections, such as those selected in a “shopping cart”.
We send a cookie to your internet browser when you make an order to record the product name, category of product that you ordered, the amount paid, the order number and any referral codes. No Personal Identifiable Information is recorded.
info@mrrosesfarms.com
Available:
24 hours / 7 days a week
MR Roses Farms © All Rights Reserved.2020