https://musicbackingtracks.co.uk/policies/privacy
Our website uses cookies to give you the best experience possible. By continuing you are accepting our use of cookies. Click here for more information.
Allow Cookies
About This Policy
At Music Backing Tracks (MBT), we are committed to protecting your personal data. This privacy policy explains how MBT handles the personal data which we hold including the personal data which we collect when you use this website at www.musicbackingtracks.co.uk or otherwise when we collect personal data from you such as if you place an order or call or write to us.
It also explains your privacy rights and how the law protects you including how we comply with the General Data Protection Regulation and Data Protection Act 2018 (GDPR) and other related legislation which relates to the use of personal data.
Additional information may be provided on particular pages of this website for example, on any specific pages where we collect personal data and you should also refer to those.
Purpose of this Privacy Policy
This privacy policy provides information on how MBT collects and processes your personal data through your use of this website, including when you place an order or when you otherwise get in touch, for example if you call or write to us.
It is important that you read this privacy policy together with any other statements or fair processing notices we may provide on specific occasions when we collect or process personal data so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your data.
Data Controller
MBT is the data controller or controller for the purposes of the GDPR and is responsible for the use of your personal data.
Our full details are set out below.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this privacy policy including any requests to exercise your data privacy rights, please contact:
Name:
Richard Davies
Address:
Woodcote, Old Torwood Road, Torquay, Devon TQ1 1PN
Email:
support@musicbackingtracks.co.uk
Tel:
+44 (0)7476 978 231
You have the right to make a complaint to the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO) which is the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues (www.ico.org.uk). We would, however, like the opportunity to assist you with any concerns before you approach the ICO so please contact us in the first instance using the details above.
Your Obligations
It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your personal data changes so that we can update our records accordingly.
If you provide us with information about any other person, for example any other individuals within your organisation, your business partners or another member of your household, then you must ensure that you have their consent to pass those details to us and for us to use those details in accordance with this privacy policy. You should also make sure that you bring this privacy policy to their attention.
Third-Party Links
This website may include links to third-party websites, such as our Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, LinkedIn and Pinterest social media pages. Clicking on those links may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control those third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy policies. You should read any policies and other statements on such websites carefully.
Data We Collect About You and How We Will Use It
Personal data means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. It does not include data which has been anonymised whereby a person's identity is removed.
We will only use your personal data as the law allows us to. The categories of personal data which we use include:
Identity and Contact Data such as names, titles and other identifiers together with address, email address and telephone numbers. This information may relate to a person whether they contact us in a business capacity or as a private consumer.
Technical Data including internet protocol (IP) address, your login data where you have an account with us, browser type and version, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access this website. This may also include information about how you use our website and our products and services.
Profile Data such as username and password details.
Marketing and Communications Data which includes information about how you prefer to be contacted with marketing information and information about your communication preferences.
In addition, we may disclose information about you to the extent that we are required to do so by law, regarding any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings, in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention) and / or where we may otherwise do so in accordance with applicable data protection legislation.
How Is Your Personal Data Collected?
Most of the personal data which we hold is collected directly through the website, by email or over the phone and will be directly provided by you during your use of our site, or through communications with us.
Change of Purpose
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose.
If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so. Please also note that we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law.
If you would like further information about how we use personal data and the purpose which we might use it for, please contact us.
Disclosures of Your Personal Data
We require all third parties such as our IT providers and payment service providers to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
Your personal data is not generally transferred outside of the EU, however your personal data may sometimes be electronically transferred and stored by our service providers who are located outside the EU. Whenever we transfer your personal data out of the EU, we ensure that a similar degree of protection is afforded to it by ensuring that at least one of the safeguards permitted by law is in place.
Data Security
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
Data Retention
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting or reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
In some circumstances, we may anonymise personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further policy to you.
Your Legal Rights
Under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data. Those rights are listed below. Please contact us if you would like to exercise any of them.
You have the right to:
Request access to your personal data (a data subject access request). This means you can receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
Request correction of your personal data: This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us.
Request erasure of your personal data. You can ask us to remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have this right where you have successfully exercised your right to object to processing, where we may have processed your data unlawfully or where we are required to erase your personal data to comply with law. We may not always be able to comply with your request where there are particular legal reasons.
Object to processing of your personal data where we rely on a legitimate interest basis and if the processing impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. You can also object to direct marketing. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have grounds to process your data which override your rights and freedoms.
Request restriction of processing. You can ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data: if you want us to establish the data's accuracy; where our data use is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it; where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer need it, to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or you have objected to use of data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.
Request a data transfer. We will provide to you, or your chosen third party, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. This only applies to automated information which you provided consent for us to use or where necessary to perform a contract with you.
Withdraw consent at any time where we rely on consent to process your personal data. This will not affect the lawfulness of processing carried out before you withdraw your consent.
Exercising Your Rights
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure personal data is not disclosed to a person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you to clarify your request to speed up our response.
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made several requests in which case we will keep you updated.