https://myinstallkit.wirediagram.com/privacy.aspx
×
Your Shopping Cart
Safe Shopping Guarantee
Shipping Information
Track Your Order
Contact Us
Homepage
Car Stereo Installation Dash Kits
Safe Shopping Guarantee
Shipping Information
Track Your Order
Contact Us
FREE USPS Priority Shipping on all orders!
ALL Stereo Dash Kits!
Myinstallkit.com Privacy Policy
Our firm commitment to privacy
MyInstallKit.com does not sell, lend nor distribute any member information to any third party. Information may be shared with partners that provide co-branded services but this information is limited to that required to implement such services, and will only occur with the member's consent to participate in such services. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website. We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site. Your IP address is used to gather broad demographic information.
Our payment form requires users to give us contact information (like their name and email address) and demographic information (like their postal/zip code). We use customer contact information (email address) from the payment form to send the user information about product, past sales, or important changes at MyInstallKit.com. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings at any time and are given the oppurtunity upon payment to do so.
MyInstallKit.com may contain links to other sites. MyInstallKit.com is not responsible for the privacy practices and/or the content of such Web sites. When visiting such sites, we urge you to be an informed surfer and use caution when providing any personal data. We may use an outside company to display ads on our site. These ads may contain cookies for optimization purposes, and MyInstallKit.com does not have access to this information.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. These measures include secure servers, encrypted passwords, and other security measures to guarantee the privacy of our members. We do not store credit card information on the MyInstallKit.com servers.
Email Advertisement / Mailing List
By making a purchase at MyInstallKit.com, you agree to subscribe to our Email Advertisements and Special Offers mailing lists. These lists may contain third-party sponsorships. You may unsubscribe at any time. Other lists subscriptions are completely optional and may contain third-party endorsements. You have the following options for removing your information from our database to not receive future communications. You can unsubscribe from any mailing list by informing the web site adminastrator through the form located on the Contact page.
Contact Us
Contact the Web Site Adminastrator if you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website.
Track Your Order
Privacy Policy
Contact
Sitemap
Myinstallkit.com 2016©
Install your next radio yourself!