https://nationwidecampus.com/security-privacy-policy/
FREE SHIPPING within the contiguous 48 states
Home
Security & Privacy Policy
Security & Privacy Policy
At NationWideCampus.com, your privacy is our priority. We collect personal information to process your transactions and provide a better level of service. We protect the security and confidentiality of all information obtained through our site.
Note: You must be 18 years or older to purchase goods through our site
Below we describe why we gather customer information, what information we collect, how we collect it, and what we use the information for.
The NationwideCampus.com Privacy Policy
The NationwideCampus.com privacy policy applies to all consumers who are current and former customers of the site.
1.We do not sell your personal information to anyone.
2.We do not disclose personal information to third parties unless the following limited exception applies:
We may disclose or report personal information in limited circumstances where we believe in good faith that disclosure is required or permitted under law, for example, to cooperate with regulators or law enforcement authorities, to resolve consumer disputes & perform credit card authorization processing so orders can be processed smoothly.
Outside of these exceptions, we will not share your personal information with third parties unless you have specifically asked us to do so. That is programmed into the current format of the site.
Why do we gather information?
NationwideCampus.com always strides on providing our customers with quality goods and excellent customer service. We gather personal information to allow to process your orders, to make your shopping easy and convenient, and to inform you of special offers and discounts.
What information do we gather?
When you order from our web site, we may collect the following information: your name, your address, email address, telephone number, contact phone number if different from telephone number, best time for delivery to arrive, college campus(If any), billing information(credit card number, expiration date, and billing address).
Links
NationwideCampus.com wants you to be aware that when you click on links that take you to a third-party web site, you will be subject to the third parties' privacy policy, not ours. While we support the protection of your privacy on the internet, we cannot be responsible for the actions of third parties. Providing these links does not constitute an endorsement by NationwideCampus.com. We encourage our customers to read all privacy policies when interacting on other web sites.
Receiving E-mail from NationwideCampus.com
We will send you an e-mail after completing your order. If we are unable to reach you by e-mail, we may try to contact you by phone. Please be sure to check your e-mails for monthly specials and discounts offered on our site.
Your Security
NationwideCampus.com is committed to securing all your personal information. Our web site is currently using secure socket layer (SSL) encryption technology. SSL is the industry standard for secure online transactions Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encrypts your personal information as well as your credit card number. If the customer does not feel secure enough to enter their credit card number, they can always fax the order or speak to a customer representative.
Your Consent
Subject to the above provisions, by using our web site, you consent to our collection and use of information by us and the terms of this Privacy Policy. We may change our Privacy Policy from time to time and we will post these changes so that you are always aware of new information we collect. If you would like to be notified of changes made to our Privacy Policy or other areas of the web site, please E-mail us at info@nationwidecampus.com. After notifying such changes and postings, you agree legally and abide by the changes and other provisions contained in the Privacy Policy.
Credit Card Fraud
Under the Fair Credit Billing Act, you cannot be held liable for more than $50.00 of fraudulent charges. If your credit card provider requires payment of any of this $50.00 amount as a result of a purchase made at our web site's secure server, we will reimburse you up to that $50.00 limit.
Safe Shopping Guarantee
If you credit card information is stolen because you used your credit card to make an online purchase from NationwideCampus.com, we'll make sure you don't pay any fraudulent charges made to your account. If fraudulent charges are made to your credit card, you must notify your credit card company immediately. As mentioned above, the Fair Credit Billing will not make the customer pay more than $50.00 of fraudulent charges. If the credit card company makes you pay any part of the $50.00 fee, then NationwideCampus.com will reimburse you. Of course, we will do so only if the unauthorized use of your credit card number occurred because you used it to purchase something online through NationwideCampus.com and if you properly notified your credit card company of the problem.
Your Comments and Concerns.
NationwideCampus.com welcomes all feedback concerning its private policy.  You can email all questions and comments to info@nationwidecampus.com or you can click contact us to use our contact form.
×