https://natureshealth.com/terms-and-conditions/
arrow-right
arrow-left
chevron-down
close
basket
account
search
wishlist
star
spinner
check-mark
grid
list
Nature's Health Terms of Service ("Agreement")
This Agreement was last modified on August 18, 2013.
Please read these Terms of Service ("Agreement", "Terms of Service") carefully before using https://natureshealth.com ("the Site") operated by Nature's Health LLC ("us", "we", or "our"). This Agreement sets forth the legally binding terms and conditions for your use of the Site at https://natureshealth.com.
By accessing or using the Site in any manner, including, but not limited to, visiting or browsing the Site or contributing content or other materials to the Site, you agree to be bound by these Terms of Service. Capitalized terms are defined in this Agreement.
Intellectual Property
The Site and its original content, features and functionality are owned by Nature's Health LLC and are protected by international copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret and other intellectual property or proprietary rights laws.
Termination
We may terminate your access to the Site, without cause or notice, which may result in the forfeiture and destruction of all information associated with you. All provisions of this Agreement that by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity, and limitations of liability.
Links To Other Sites
Our Site may contain links to third-party sites that are not owned or controlled by Nature's Health LLC.
Nature's Health LLC has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party sites or services. We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policy of any third-party site that you visit.
Governing Law
This Agreement (and any further rules, polices, or guidelines incorporated by reference) shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of Utah, United States, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law.
Other
The information on this website reflects the opinion of our staff and should not be interpreted as medical advice. The descriptions and statements accompanying these products and supplements have not been evaluated by the Food & Drug Administration (FDA). These products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease. They are for use by healthy adults only. Keep all products out of the reach of children. By placing your order with Nature's Health, LLC you are agreeing that any and all litigation will take place in the state of Utah.
Changes To This Agreement
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms of Service by posting the updated terms on the Site. Your continued use of the Site after any such changes constitutes your acceptance of the new Terms of Service.
Please review this Agreement periodically for changes. If you do not agree to any of this Agreement or any changes to this Agreement, do not use, access or continue to access the Site or discontinue any use of the Site immediately.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Agreement, please contact us using the form below.
Email Address
*
Comments/Questions
*
0
Home
Shop
All Herbal Supplements
Herbal Formulations
Single Herbs
Omega 3
Health Goal
Bone & Joint Health
Circulation
Cognitive Boost
Detox & Cleanse
Digestive Health
Energy Boost
Eye Health
Glucose Management
Hair, Skin, & Nail Care
Heart Health
Immune System Support
Mood Support
Respiratory Care
Sexual Health
Weight Management
Store Locator