https://naturallythinking.com/privacy-and-cookie-policy/
Home
Customer Service
Ethical Policies
Privacy and Cookie Policy
Naturallythinking ("We") are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This policy (together with our terms of use http://www.naturallythinking.com/terms-and-conditions/ and any other documents referred to on it) sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us.  Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. By visiting www.naturallythinking.com you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this policy.
For the purpose of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) (the Regulation), the data controller is Powermech Services Ltd of The Tramsheds, Coomber Way, Croydon, Surrey, CR0 4TQ
Our nominated representative for the purpose of the Regulation is Danny Stanzl.
Information we collect from you
We will collect and process the following data about you:
Information you give us. This is information about you that you give us by filling in forms on our site www.naturallythinking.com (our site) or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise. It includes information you provide when you register to use our site, subscribe to our service, search for a product, place an order on our site, participate in discussion boards or other social media functions on our site, enter a competition, promotion or survey, and when you report a problem with our site. The information you give us may include your name, address, e-mail address and phone number, financial and credit card information, personal description and photograph.
Information we collect about you. With regard to each of your visits to our site we will automatically collect the following information:
Technical information, including the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform;
information about your visit, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL), clickstream to, through and from our site (including date and time), products you viewed or searched for' page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), methods used to browse away from the page, and any phone number used to call our customer service number.
Information we receive from other sources. This is information we receive about you if you use any of the other websites we operate or the other services we provide. In this case we will have asked you when we collected that data if we intend to share those data internally and combine it with data collected on this site. We will also have told you for what purpose we will share and combine your data. We are working closely with third parties (including, for example, business partners, sub-contractors in technical, payment and delivery services, advertising networks, analytics providers, search information providers, credit reference agencies). We will notify you when we receive information about you from them and the purposes for which we intend to use that information.
Cookies
Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our site. For detailed information on the cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them see our Cookie policy http://www.naturallythinking.com/privacy-policy-cookie-restriction-mode/#list.
Uses made of the information
We use information held about you in the following ways:
Information you give to us:
We will use this information:
to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us and to provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us;
to provide you with information about other goods and services we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about;
to provide you, or permit selected third parties to provide you, with information about goods or services we feel may interest you. If you are an existing customer, we will only contact you by electronic means (e-mail or SMS) with information about goods and services similar to those which were the subject of a previous sale or negotiations of a sale to you. If you are a new customer, and where we permit selected third parties to use your data, we (or they) will contact you by electronic means only if you have consented to this. If you do not want us to use your data in this way, or to pass your details on to third parties for marketing purposes, please do not tick the relevant box situated on the form on which we collect your data (the [order form OR registration form]);
to notify you about changes to our service;
to ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
to provide you with delivery services
to enable us to provide events which you may wish to take into consideration.
Information we collect about you.
We will use this information:
to administer our site and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
to improve our site to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;
to allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so;
as part of our efforts to keep our site safe and secure;
to measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you;
to make suggestions and recommendations to you and other users of our site about goods or services that may interest you or them.
Information we receive from other sources.
We will combine this information with information you give to us and information we collect about you. We will use this information and the combined information for the purposes set out above (depending on the types of information we receive).
Where we store your personal data
The data that we collect from you will be transferred to, and stored at, a destination both inside and outside the European Economic Area ("EEA"). It will also be processed by staff operating inside and outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. This includes staff engaged in, among other things,  the fulfilment of your order, the processing of your payment details and the provision of support services. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with the Regulation and this privacy policy.
All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers. Any payment transactions will be encrypted using SSL technology. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
Your rights
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. We will ask you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by not checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data.  You can also exercise the right at any time by contacting us at The Tramsheds, Coomber Way, Croydon, Surrey, CR0 4TQ.
Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates.  If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies.  Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
Access to information
The Regulation gives you the right to access information held about you. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the Regulation. Please contact to support@naturallythinking.eu should you wish to access data we hold about you.
Changes to our privacy policy
Any changes we make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our privacy policy.
Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to support@naturallythinking.eu.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
List of cookies we collect
The table below lists the cookies we collect and what information they store.
Cookie NameCookie Description
FORM_KEY
Stores randomly generated key used to prevent forged requests.
PHPSESSID
Your session ID on the server.
GUEST-VIEW
Allows guests to view and edit their orders.
PERSISTENT_SHOPPING_CART
A link to information about your cart and viewing history, if you have asked for this.
STF
Information on products you have emailed to friends.
STORE
The store view or language you have selected.
USER_ALLOWED_SAVE_COOKIE
Indicates whether a customer allowed to use cookies.
MAGE-CACHE-SESSID
Facilitates caching of content on the browser to make pages load faster.
MAGE-CACHE-STORAGE
Facilitates caching of content on the browser to make pages load faster.
MAGE-CACHE-STORAGE-SECTION-INVALIDATION
Facilitates caching of content on the browser to make pages load faster.
MAGE-CACHE-TIMEOUT
Facilitates caching of content on the browser to make pages load faster.
SECTION-DATA-IDS
Facilitates caching of content on the browser to make pages load faster.
PRIVATE_CONTENT_VERSION
Facilitates caching of content on the browser to make pages load faster.
X-MAGENTO-VARY
Facilitates caching of content on the server to make pages load faster.
MAGE-TRANSLATION-FILE-VERSION
Facilitates translation of content to other languages.
MAGE-TRANSLATION-STORAGE
Facilitates translation of content to other languages.
×
OK
Newsletter Signup
Email Address