https://naturaldelights.com/privacy-policy
Products
Recipes
Our Story
Natural Lifestyle
Store Locator
Blog
social-icon-pinterest
Untitled-3
glyph-logo_May2016 [Converted]
Bard Valley Medjool Date Growers Association Privacy Policy
This statement is one way of sustaining your trust in our organization and our products. Our privacy statement describes how we collect, protect and use information about you during your visit on our website.
We may collect personal information about you from the information you provide to us when you fill out a form on our website, facebook page or other digital means.
We do not sell or rent customer information. We share customer information with certain employees and with companies providing services on our behalf in order to service your needs. Our policy is to require all employees and companies providing services on our behalf to keep customer information confidential. Our privacy policy applies to potential customers as well as current and former customers.
Safeguarding Personal Information
We have adopted policies and procedures designed to protect your personal information from unauthorized use or disclosure. We have implemented physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to maintain confidentiality and integrity of the personal information in our possession and to guard against unauthorized access. These include among other things, procedures for controlling access to customer files, building security programs and information technology security measures such as the use of passwords, firewalls, plus virus and use detection software. We continue to assess new technology as it becomes available and to upgrade our physical and electronic security systems as appropriate. Our policy is to permit employees to access your personal information only if they have a business purpose for using such information, such as administering, providing or developing our products or services. Our policy which governs the conduct of all of our employees requires all employees to safeguard personal information about the consumers and customers we serve or have served in the past.
Information We Collect About You
We collect information about you to help us serve your needs, to provide you with quality products and services and to fulfill legal and regulatory requirements. We consider all information about you in our possession to be personal information, even if you cease to be a customer.
Sharing Information With Our Partners
We share personal information about you, as required or permitted by law, with third parties, such as service providers who assist us in the day to day operations of our organization. Our policy is to require third party service providers to enter into confidentiality agreements with us, prohibiting them from using any personal information they obtain for any other purpose other than those for which they were retained or as required by law. We may also disclose information about you, when necessary or required, in legal and arbitration proceedings and to government agencies.
Your California Privacy Rights (As provided by California Civil Code Section 1798.83)
A California resident who has provided personal information to a business with whom he/she has established a business relationship for personal, family, or household purposes ("California customer") is entitled to request information about whether the business has disclosed personal information to any third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes. In general, if the business has made such a disclosure of personal information, upon receipt of a request by a California customer, the business is required to provide a list of all third parties to whom personal information was disclosed in the preceding calendar year, as well as a list of the categories of personal information that were disclosed. However, under the law, a business is not required to provide the above-described lists if the business adopts and discloses to the public (in its privacy policy) a policy of not disclosing customers' personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes unless the customer first affirmatively agrees to the disclosure, as long as the business maintains and discloses this policy. Rather, the business may comply with the law by notifying the customer of his or her right to prevent disclosure of personal information and providing a cost free means to exercise that right.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
Bard Valley Medjool Date Growers Association reserves the right to amend this Privacy Statement or alter its privacy principles at its sole discretion without notice to you. Any alterations to this Privacy Statement or our privacy principles will be posted on our website in a timely manner.
Your continued participation on this website indicates your acceptance of this Privacy Policy and of the collection, use, disclosure, management and storage of your personal information as described above. We may from time to time, transfer or merge any personal information collected off-line to our online databases or store off-line information in an electronic format. We may also combine personal information we collect online with information available from other sources. We reserve the right to revise this policy at any time by updating this posting without advance notice to you. Such revisions shall be effective to you immediately upon posting. Therefore, we encourage you to check this Privacy Policy often.