https://ncsmokehouse.com/privacy-policy
Home
Privacy Policy
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Product Guarantee
Shipping Policy
Terms of Use
Payments
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Privacy
NEVER sell, rent, loan or give away your information. EVER.
Under our Privacy Policy, we do not sell or share your name, address (e-mail or postal), or any other information collected about you, with other individuals or organizations. This information is kept completely confidential from outside groups. When you visit our Web site, our server automatically recognizes your domain name. Any other information we gather, such as your e-mail address, is completely voluntary, and is used for internal purposes only in order for us to respond to inquiries, newsletters, process reservation requests, or improve the content of our Web site. If you register for one of our mailing lists with your e-mail or postal address while visiting the site, you may receive periodic mailings from us regarding our new products, services, special promotions, or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings from us in the future, or if you have questions or wish to receive more information, please let us know by contacting us via one of the methods provided on our contact page.
DISCLAIMER: The information contained on this Web site is designed to provide you with accurate information in regard to the subject covered. The authors of this site are not engaged in rendering any legal or other professional service. Unless expressly stated, mention of trade names, commercial products or organizations, does not imply an endorsement by North Country Smokehouse.
Security
North Country Smokehouse collects personally identifiable information when you order products for the sole purpose of providing exceptional customer service. We also collect billing information for the purpose of charging you for the products you order.
We understand the value of our customers' privacy. That's why will never sell, rent or distribute our customers' personal information to any other company.
You can rest assured that providing your personal information to North Country Smokehouse will never result in junk mail or telemarketing calls. When you set up an account or request a catalog, if you indicate that you wish to receive email from North Country Smokehouse, we will occasionally contact you by e-mail to inform you of product specials and promotions. In each email notification, you are given the opportunity to remove yourself from our e-mail contact list. North Country Smokehouse will never share your e-mail address with any other company.
Cookies
Cookies allow us to store information you have provided to us so we don't have to ask you for it again. North Country Smokehouse utilizes "cookies" solely for the purpose providing the most pleasurable shopping experience possible.
WANT TO CONNECT? SEND A SMOKE SIGNAL!
If you still need help, please write or call us at the information below
info@ncsmokehouse.com
1-800-258-4304
Subscribe
Cancel