http://neatnix.com/terms/
Skip to content
Terms
Last updated: 09/30/2019
Please read these Terms and Conditions (“Terms”, “Terms and Conditions”) carefully before using the DialInd.com website operated Dial Industries, Inc. (“us”, “we”, or “our”).
Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use the Service.
By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you may not access the Service.
1. Rights and Restrictions
Other than content you own, which you may may have opted to include on this Website, under these Terms, Dial Industries, Inc. owns all rights to the intellectual property and material contained in this Website, and all such rights are reserved.
You are granted a limited license only, subject to the restrictions provided in these Terms, for purposes of viewing the material contained on this Website.
You are expressly restricted from the following:
republishing any Content in any media;
selling, sublicensing and/or otherwise commercializing any Content;
publicly performing and/or showing any Website Content;
using this Website in any way that is, or may be, damaging to this Website;
using this Website in any way that impacts user access to this Website;
using this Website contrary to applicable laws and regulations, or in a way that causes, or may cause, harm to the Website, or to any person or business entity;
engaging in any data mining, data harvesting, data extracting or any other similar activity in relation to this Website, or while using this Website;
using this Website to engage in any advertising or marketing;
2. Links to Other Web Sites
Our Service may contain links to third-party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by Dial Industries, Inc..
Dial Industries, Inc. has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that we shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such web sites or services.
3. No Warranties or Liability
The Dial Industries, Inc. website and application are provided on an “as is” basis. While we strive to provide accurate content that is current at the time of publication, we make no warranties, express or implied, on this content, its timeliness, its availability, or its accuracy.
In no event shall Dial Industries, Inc., nor any of its contractors, officers, employees, or any third parties mentioned on our website, be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, incidental and consequential damages, personal injury/wrongful death, lost profits, or damages resulting from lost data or business interruption) resulting from the use of or inability to use our content.
4. Severability
If any provision of these Terms is found to be unenforceable or invalid under any applicable law, such unenforceability or invalidity shall not render these Terms unenforceable or invalid as a whole, and such provisions shall be deleted without affecting the remaining provisions herein.
5. Variation of Terms
Dial Industries, Inc. is permitted to revise these Terms at any time as it sees fit, and by using this Website you are expected to review such Terms on a regular basis to ensure you understand all terms and conditions governing use of this Website.
6. Assignment
Dial Industries, Inc. shall be permitted to assign, transfer, and subcontract its rights and/or obligations under these Terms without any notification or consent required. However, .you shall not be permitted to assign, transfer, or subcontract any of your rights and/or obligations under these Terms.
7. Entire Agreement
These Terms, including any legal notices and disclaimers contained on this Website, constitute the entire agreement between Dial Industries, Inc. and you in relation to your use of this Website, and supersede all prior agreements and understandings with respect to the same.
8. Governing Law & Jurisdiction
These Terms will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of [state], and you submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in Utah for the resolution of any disputes.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us.
Search for:
Products
Bath & Cosmetic
See All
Shelves
Cosmetic
Kitchen
See All
Clear
Drawer
Misc.
Shelves
Stacking Bins
Stainless
Turntable
Office & Desk
See All
Drawer
Lap Trays
Misc.
Wastebins
See All
Swing Bins
Wastebasket
Closet & Drawer
See All
Boot Shapers
Clear
Drawer
Shoe
Stacking Bins
Hardware & Utility
See All
Battery Organizers
Can Crushers
Bulk Storage
See All
Baskets
Bins with Lids
Misc.
Stacking Bins
Totes
Jewelry
See All
Jewelry Stax
About Us
Retailers
Login
Login
Username or email address *
Password *
Remember me
Log in
Lost your password?
Register
First name *
Last name *
Phone Number *
Email address *
A password will be sent to your email address.
Your personal data will be used to support your experience throughout this website, to manage access to your account, and for other purposes described in our privacy policy.
Register