http://newfoundmetals.com/privacy-policy/
Home
About Us
News and Events
Products
Portlights
Stainless Steel
Bronze
Tri-Matrix
Portlight Accessories
Screens
Hangers
Teak Spacers
Portlight Install Kit
Marine Hardware
Deck Washdowns
Cleats & Chocks
Handrail
Smart Catch
Product Price List PDF
Support & Videos
Video Library
Dimension Drawings
SS Portlight Dimensions
Bronze Portlight Dimensions
Tri-Matrix Portlight Dimensions
Cleats & Chocks Dimension Drawings
Hand Rail Dimension Drawing
Smart Catch Dimension Drawings
Installation Guides
Tri-Matrix Installation
Cascade 42 Portlight Replacement
Sizing Your Porthole
Measure Cabin-Side Thickness
Care & Maintenance
Find Your Boat
F.A.Q.’s
Photos & Reviews
Contact Us
Get A Quote
Wishlist 0Your wishlist is empty.View Wishlist
Call To Order (360) 385-3315
Privacy Policy & Terms
New Found Metals and its partners respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it. New Found Metals provides this Privacy Statement to inform you of our privacy policy and practices and of the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.
Notice
New Found Metals uses personal information to better understand your needs and interest and provide you with better service. Once you choose to provide us with personal information, you can be assured that it will only be used to support your customer relationship with New Found Metals. We take seriously the trust you place in us. New Found Metals will not sell, rent or lease your personally identifiable information to others.
This privacy statement covers personally identifiable information, anonymous data collection and aggregate reporting. Personally identifiable information is any information that is associated with your name or personal identity. Anonymous (non-personal) information is data about usage and service operation, reported in aggregate, which is not associated to a specific personal identity. Aggregate information is data collected and summarized for a broad category of customers or New Found Metals services.
What We Collect
On our web site, you can order products and collect general information about us and using our products. The types of personal information you provide to us on these pages may include name, address, phone, email address, user IDs and passwords, billing information, transaction, credit card information and contact preferences.
Anonymous (non-personal) data we collect may include the pages visited on newfoundmetals.com, unique URLs visited within newfoundmetals.com, browser type and IP address. Most anonymous data is collected via cookies or other analysis technologies. newfoundmetals.com web pages use cookies, web beacons and other technologies for data analysis and personalization services.
How We Use It
New Found Metals uses your information to help us understand your needs and interests and provide you with better services. Specifically, we use your information to help you complete a transaction or order, to communicate with you, to provide service and support, and to update you on services and benefits. Occasionally we may also use your information to contact you for market research regarding New Found Metals products or services. We will give you the opportunity to opt-out of market research and customer surveys. Credit card information is used only for payment processing and fraud prevention, and is not used for other purposes.
Anonymous (non-personal) data is aggregated for reporting about newfoundmetals.com web site usability, performance, and effectiveness. It is used to improve the customer experience, usability and site content.
Who We Share It With
New Found Metals will not sell, rent, or lease your personally identifiable information to others. New Found Metals will not share your personal information with a business partner or any unrelated third party company unless you give your permission. Your permission will be requested when you submit your information.
Any links that may be provided on newfoundmetals.com to third party web sites are provided as a convenience and New Found Metals does not control those sites or their privacy practices, which may differ from ours. New Found Metals does not endorse or make any representations about them. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of any company before submitting your personal information. The personal data you choose to give to unrelated third parties is covered by their privacy policies, not the New Found Metals Privacy Policy.
Onward Transfer
Personal data given to New Found Metals may be transferred across state and country borders for the purposes of data consolidation, storage and simplified customer information management.
Access & Accuracy
New Found Metals strives to keep your personally identifiable information accurate. To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity, such as a password and user ID. Certain areas of New Found Metals’s web sites may limit access to specific individuals through the use of passwords and other personal identifiers.
Security
New Found Metals is committed to ensuring the security of your information. To prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, maintain data accuracy and ensure the appropriate use of the information, New Found Metals has in place appropriate physical, managerial procedures to safeguard the information we collect.
We use SSL encryption when collecting or transferring sensitive data such as credit card information. Credit card numbers are only used for processing payment and are not used for other purposes. Our efforts to protect credit card fraud help protect your financial data security.
Contacting Us
We value your comments and opinions. If you have comments or questions about our privacy policy contact us via email.
Cookie Policy
How New Found Metals uses cookies, web beacons and other analysis technologies
A “cookie” is a small data file transferred by a web site to your computer’s hard drive. We send cookies when you surf our site, make purchases, request information, personalization, or register yourself or for certain services. Accepting the cookies used on our site does not give us access to your Personally Identifiable Information, but we may use the cookies to identify your computer. Many cookies are “session” cookies, meaning the cookie does not stay on your computer after you leave our web site or close your browser. The aggregate information collected permits us to analyze traffic patterns at our site. This can enable us over time to provide a better experience on our site by improving content or personalization and making it easier to use. Cookies that remain on your computer are often called “permanent” cookies. These types of cookies are used to facilitate shopping, personalization and registration services. For example, cookies can keep track of what you have selected to purchase as you continue to shop and allow you to enter your password only once on web pages where a logon is required.
Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually refuse cookies or selectively accept certain cookies by adjusting the preferences in your browser. If you turn off cookies, there may some features of our site that will not be available to you and some web pages may not display properly. You can find information on popular browsers and how to adjust your cookie preferences at the following web sites:
Internet Explorer: http://www.microsoft.com/info/cookies.htm
Navigator: http://www.netscape.com/legal_notices/cookies.html
Some newfoundmetals.com web pages and HTML-formatted email newsletters use web beacons in conjunction with cookies to compile aggregate statistics about web site usage. A web beacon is an electronic image, called a single-pixel (1×1), or clear-GIF. You may render web beacons unusable by rejecting their associated cookies. This data is not personally identifiable or linked to personally identifiable information.
newfoundmetals.com does not post third-party ads on our web site. New Found Metals may use third-party media companies to place ads for New Found Metals products or services other companies’ web sites. If you view a web page where New Found Metals ads appear, the online media company may place a cookie or web beacon on the user’s computer. This allows the online media company to recognize the computer when it is used to return to that site or measure advertising response. This data is anonymous and is not linked to personal data on the user’s computer or any New Found Metals databases.