https://newtonpet.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Aquatics
Ponds & Water Features
Reptile & Amphibians
Wild Bird
Dog & Cat
Birds
Small Animal
Cookie and privacy policy
Who we are
We are Newton Pet & Aquatics Ltd, registered in England under registration number 11110735. Our website address is: https://newtonpet.co.uk.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it:
Contact formsAny information provided through our contact form is used solely for the purpose of that individual enquiry. Contact information is only retained by us for the duration of the enquiry and is deleted once the enquiry has been resovled. We do not use the information submitted through them for marketing purposes.
Cookies
What is a cookie?
Cookies are small files which are stored on a user’s computer. They, and similar technologies enable you to be remembered when using that computer or device to interact with websites and online services and can be used to manage a range of features and content as well as storing searches and presenting personalised content.
What cookies do we use?
Analytical/performance cookies.This website uses Google analytics. Cookies allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. This helps us for our legitimate interests of improving the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
Embedded content from other websitesArticles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website. These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Disabling cookies
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies and similar technologies, but if you prefer, you can change your browser to prevent that and your help screen or manual will tell you how to do this. The effect of disabling cookies depends on which cookies you disable but, in general, the website may not operate properly if all cookies are switched off. If you want to disable cookies on our site, you need to change your website browser settings to reject cookies.  How you can do this will depend on the browser you use.
Third-party links
This website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy policy of every website you visit.
Other helpful resources
Browser manufacturers provide help pages relating to cookie management in their products. Please see below for more information.
Google Chrome
Internet Explorer
Mozilla Firefox
Safari (Desktop)
Safari (Mobile)
Android Browser
Opera
Opera Mobile
For other browsers, please consult the documentation that your browser manufacturer provides.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkPrivacy policy