https://nogc.com/n-o-g-c-privacy-policy-statement/
N.O.G.C. Privacy Policy StatementYou are here: Home1 / N.O.G.C. Privacy Policy StatementPrivacy Policy Statement
N.O.G.C.,Inc. respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it. We provide this Privacy Statement to inform you of our privacy policy practices and of the choices you can make about the way your information is collected online and how that information is used. We’ve structured our website so that, in general, you can visit Natures Odor & Germ Control, Inc. on the Web without identifying yourself or revealing any personal information. We make this notice readily available on most pages.
Personal Information
Is information that is associated with your name or personal identity. N.O.G.C., Inc. may collect personal information to understand better your needs and interests and to provide you with better service. Once you choose to provide us with personal information, you can be assured it will be used only to support your customer relationship with N.O.G.C., Inc. We take seriously the trust you place in us. N.O.G.C., Inc. will not sell, rent or lease your personal information to others. To personalize our website, services or communications and improve our products and services, we may also ask you to provide us with information regarding your personal or professional interests, demographics, and experiences with our products or services. Providing this additional information is optional.
Children’s privacy
N.O.G.C.,Inc. is committed to protecting the privacy needs of children, and we encourage parents and guardians to take an active role in their children’s online activities and interests. N.O.G.C.,Inc. does not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 18 and will not target its website to children under 18.
Keeping your information secure
N.O.G.C.,Inc. is committed to protecting the information you provide us. To prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, to maintain data accuracy, and to ensure the appropriate use of the information, N.O.G.C.,Inc. has in place appropriate physical and managerial procedures to safeguard the information we collect.
Spam
N.O.G.C.,Inc. views spam on the internet as an expensive and wasteful nuisance that hinders legitimate internet activities.We value your opinions. If you have comments or questions about our privacy policy, please send them to us.
CartError dog adoption11/06/2013 - 4:03 PMCritter Litter Supplement10/07/2013 - 10:20 PM
Pages#7112 (no title)
#7363 (no title)
B.O.S.S.#1 Pictures – At Work
Blog
Cart
Checkout
Four dry products
Frequently Asked Questions
Homepage
LINKS
Liquid Products
Mold and Mildew in many areas of your home.
My Account
N.O.G.C. – New Look After 35 years
N.O.G.C. Privacy Policy Statement
N.O.G.C. Site Map
News & Memories
Pet Odor Elimination Kit Video
Problem and Solution List
Professional Contract Services Form
REGISTER
Shop
Solutions Video
Special Blend zeolite
Terms & Conditions
Video
View Movie
FAQ- Germ Doc™
Odor Crushing Packs / Household Pack
FAQ – BOSS
Mold and Mildew – Hunters Edge®
FAQ -Natures Odor Control (N.O.C.™)
Germ Doc for the mold and Natures Air for my sons’ perfume odor.
Cindy Yount – B. O. S. S. saved the day
FAQ Zeolite
FAQ – Natures Air™
No Odor in Truck – Ferret Odors
Gwinn-Dell Irish Wolfhounds
Mice in the wall – Dead Animal
Germ Doc to disinfect after showing – Pet Odor and Provo
Urine and Stains in carpet
Remove stains and odor – has been the only thing to ever worked
Odor defeating products – B O S S to rocks – stinky feet.
The Skunk Challenges
Pet Odor and mold – Never seal the floors or walls
Living show testimony
Quality Inn Vancouver WA – Revenue instead of complaints in two rooms
B.O.S.S.- Saved this house.
Skunk Odor in car in the – degree winter
Septic Tanks Care
Categories All Purpose Foot Powder
B.O.S.S. and needs for the Product.
CARPET PROBLEMS
CATS – PET KIT
GENERAL USE
Germ Doc.
MOLD & MILDEW
N O C – Nature Odor Control
N.O.G.C. – Carpet Granule
N.O.G.C. Critter Litter
PERSONAL CARE
PETS
RV & RECREATION VEHICLE
SKUNKS – N O C
Washer Odor
New and update Information
Sign up for N.O.G.C. & LEARN HOW TO MAKE LIFE EASIER FOR YOURSELF.
First Name *Email *Last Name Phone Number Select list(s) to subscribe toGeneral InterestBIRTHDAY DATE- Gift to help make your birthday even more special! Your privacy is important to us; therefore, we will not sell, rent, or give your name or email address to anyone.Constant Contact Use.By submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from: N.O.G.C. / Natures Odor & Germ Control, 10350 N Vancouver Way Suite #3, Portland, OR, 97217, https://www.nogc.com. You can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the SafeUnsubscribe® link, found at the bottom of every email. Emails are serviced by Constant ContactContact Information Mailing Address:
N.O.G.C. / Natures Odor & Germ Control, Inc.
Portland, OR 97217-7530
(888) 884-6367 Pacific Time Zone
Portland, OR. (503) 297-6367
Vancouver, WA. (360) 576-5319
Scroll to top