https://nolarola.com/policies/
skip to Main Content
Menu
The nolarola business is under new ownership. Production scheduled to
start mid-to late 2021 Dismiss
Disclaimers, Refund, Privacy and Delivery Policies
nolarola is owned and operated by nolarola. nolarola is committed to customer service and value. Our basic site policies are presented below. We welcome specific inquiries and suggestions for site improvement. If you have questions that aren’t answered below or are seeking a particular product, service or affiliation, please  send an email to info@nolarola.com.
Disclaimers
The nolarola is neither a medical device nor intended as treatment for medical conditions. This product does not cure medical ailments or illnesses. Information provided by nolarola is intended solely for educational purposes.
No information provided by the nolarola manufacturer or its distributors, whether written or verbal, or provided in these instructions, in brochures, in websites or otherwise is intended to be a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis or treatment.
The information is not to be used for medical diagnostic purposes and is not intended to serve as a recommendation for treatment and/or management of any medical/surgical condition. Most of all, this information should not be used in place of a physician or other qualified healthcare provider. The nolarola is an aid for the therapeutic relief of muscle tension and stress, and myofascial tightness from normal everyday activities and athletics.
Please note when the nolarola should be used with caution or avoided altogether.
Do NOT use it on areas of injury, inflammation, or bruised or broken skin.
Get your doctor’s permission to use the nolarola if:
• you are pregnant;
• have a serious illness;
• have ever had cranial, face or spinal trauma or surgery;
• have a brain stem tumor or tumors of or around the spinal cord;
• have neuro-muscular, circulatory or nerve disease (including but not limited to – acute stroke, intracranial bleeding, blood clots, carotid stenosis, thrombosis, venous obstructions, cardiac conditions or serious circulatory problems);
• have a disease or disorder of bones, joints, muscles or tendons (including inflammatory conditions); OR
• have dizziness, numbness or shortness of breath.
If you believe you have a medical condition or you have been diagnosed with one or are concerned about any of these issues, consult your healthcare professional before using the nolarola.
Guarantee and Refund Policy:
Our Guarantee: If you are not completely satisfied with your nolarola, we will refund your money within 30 days of purchase. Email your refund request to info@nolarola.com.
Place returns in original shipping container and send via USPS to:
nolarola
Pending new owner address
Once the returned shipment has been received your Credit Card or PayPal account will be credited for the original cost of the nolarolas, minus packaging/shipping.
Breakage: Your nolarola is guaranteed from breakage for 6 months following purchase. If it breaks during this time, send us an email with photos of the breakage to info@nolarola.com, and once confirmed, we will send you a replacement.
Privacy Policy:
This privacy statement describes how nolarola collects and uses the personal information you provide on our web site: www.nolarola.com. It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personal information and how you can access and update this information. nolarola is committed to protecting the privacy of our customers and visitors.
We do not store your Credit Card information. We promise never to sell, rent, share, or trade your contact information.
Information is collected during site visits and during the purchase process. Purchase information is maintained in account form as required to engage in secure consumer friendly ecommerce. If you purchase a product from us, we request certain personally identifiable information from you on our order form. You must provide contact information (such as name, email, and shipping address) and financial information (such as credit card number, expiration date, CVV). This information will be saved to your customer profile and will be used to complete your purchase.
Third Party Cookies:
Like most standard Web site servers we use log files. This includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses, etc. are not linked to personally identifiable information.
nolarola does provide links to other web sites but is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of these other sites.
Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on our Web site.
Customer Testimonials/Comments/Reviews:
We post customer testimonials/comments/reviews on our Web site which may contain personally identifiable information. We do obtain the customers consent via email prior to posting the testimonial to post their name along with their testimonial. Customers are also given an option to post testimonials and reviews anonymously at all times.
If users have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please send an email to info@nolarola.com.
Security:
nolarola is a Secure Site. We use secure servers that utilize the industry’s standard Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption. SSL is state of the industry technology that allows for a secure and safe purchase transaction. Our secure order pages have been updated to repair any Heartbleed vulnerabilities.
We take all reasonable security measures to protect stored personal and financial information. Credit card numbers are used only for payment processing. nolarola will NOT provide our customers’ personal or financial information to other companies or individuals.
We use a credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services. These companies do not retain share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes. Our credit card processor, Stripe, does not use OpenSSL and has been checked, including vulnerability testing and remediation and adoption of recommendations from US-CERT.
Delivery Policy:
Shipping is handled through the United States Postal Service by Priority Mail or USPS Retail Ground to allow tracking. Shipments are typically made within 1 week of order placement. Timing for shipment depends upon which shipping method customers select. Priority Mail is typically delivered in 2-5 days. USPS Retail Ground may take up to 20 days.
Canadian Orders: Shipping is handled through the United States Postal Service (USPS) via Priority Mail International or First-Class Package International Service to allow for tracking. Timing for delivery depends upon which shipping method customers select and varies by destination. The e-mail you are sent when the package ships will contain approximate delivery times.
Orders placed on the website can be shipped to the United States and Canada.
For orders to other countries, please contact us directly at info@nolarola.com.
Carlson PT | nolarola - All Rights Reserved
Order
My Account
About
Policies
Contact