https://nomadrugs.com/privacy-policy/
skip to Main Content
20% OFF Winter Sale!! Ends Jan 1st. Use code at checkout
WINTER20 Dismiss
NOMAD RUGS’ COMMITMENT TO PRIVACY AND EXCELLENCE
All purchases are fully refundable for a 10 day period and exchanges accepted for 30 days. Free shipping to you. We never share any information you provide.
YOUR CONSENT
By ordering products on NomadRugs.com you signify your consent to our Shipping and Returns Policy: Any products ordered from NomadRugs.com are sent to you for a ten day trial period from the date of delivery. Shipping to you is FREE (within USA and Canada). VAT or import duty is the obligation of the customer. Returns in-transit to Nomad Rugs and in original condition within ten days of delivery qualify for full refund. Returns in-transit to Nomad Rugs and in original condition are eligible for store credit or exchange within 30 days of your order date. You agree to pay any return shipping and insurance fees. Any damaged, stained or altered rugs will not be eligible for return or exchange. All sales are final after 30 days of your order date. Read our full shipping and returns policy here.
By using NomadRugs.com, you signify your consent to NomadRugs.com’s collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with this Policy.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
When you visit NomadRugs.com, you may provide us with two types of information: personal information you knowingly choose to disclose that is collected on an individual basis, and usage information that is automatically collected on an aggregate basis as you and others browse our Web Site. We never share any information you provide.
1. INFORMATION THAT IS AUTOMATICALLY COLLECTED
Non-Identifiable Information
Like many other Web sites, NomadRugs.com automatically collects certain non-identifiable information regarding Web Site users, such as the Internet Protocol (IP) address of your computer, the IP address of your Internet Service Provider, the date and time you access the Web Site, the Internet address of the Web site from which you linked directly to the Web Site, the operating system you are using, the sections of the Web Site you visit, the Web Site pages read and images viewed. This non-identifiable information is used for Web Site and system administration purposes and to improve the Web Site. Your non-identifiable information may be disclosed to others and permanently archived for future use.
2. INFORMATION YOU CHOOSE TO PROVIDE
If you decide to order a rug from us, you will be asked to provide certain personal information (such as your name, email address, postal address, telephone number, or credit card information) for the purpose of carrying out a transaction.
Use of Your Personal Information
NomadRugs.com may use your personal information to contact and correspond with you, to respond to your inquiries, to process transactions and payments. If you choose to correspond further with us through email, we may retain the content of your email messages together with your email address and our responses. We never share any personal information nor the contents of emails with any other parties.
HOW DO WE USE THE INFORMATION THAT YOU PROVIDE TO US?
We use your personal information to process orders and to provide you with marketing material. If you provide us with your address or email address, we will add you to our NomadRugs.com mailing list. We typically send out several postcards and emails per year to inform clients about promotions and specials. By voluntarily providing us with your personal information, you consent to allowing NomadRugs.com to send you these marketing materials. If you prefer not to receive these marketing materials, contact us by phone or email and we will gladly remove you from our mailing lists. NomadRugs.com does NOT sell or rent client information.
HOW DO WE PROTECT AND SECURE YOUR INFORMATION?
Nomad Rugs’ online store uses industry-standard, SSL encryption to process all credit card and personal information securely. You’re welcome to call the store at 415-401-8833 if you’d like to place an order by phone instead.
OTHER MATTERS
Legally Compelled Disclosure of Information
We may disclose information when legally compelled to do so, in other words, when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires it or for the protection of our legal rights.
Other Web Sites
The Web Site may contain links to other Web sites or Internet resources. When you click on one of those links, you are contacting another Web site or Internet resource. NomadRugs.com has no responsibility or liability for or control over those other Web sites or Internet resources or their collection, use and disclosure of your personal information.
Further Information
Further information about our complete commitment to privacy and security is available upon request. If you have any comments or questions about this Policy or your personal information, please email us at info@nomadrugs.com or contact us at (415) 401-8833.
© 2020 Nomad Rugs. All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
Shipping and Returns
Back To Top