https://noside.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
We respect and are committed to protecting your privacy. We may collect personally identifiable information when you visit our site. We also automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser including your IP address, cookie information and the page(s) you visited. We will not sell your personally identifiable information to anyone, for any reason.
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes only the consumer's domain name, but not the e-mail address. We collect the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit and information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information. The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web page.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending email to us, or calling us, or writing to us using the information on the Contact Us page and telling us that you do not want to receive e-mail from our company.
We do not make the e-mail addresses of those who access our site available to other organizations. We do not make the e-mail addresses of our customers available to other organizations.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by sending email to us, or calling us, or writing to us using the information on the Contact Us page. Please provide us with your exact name and address. We do not share our customer and prospect mailing lists with other organizations.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line may receive telephone contact from us with information regarding products and services which they have requested. Please provide us with your correct phone number. We do not share phone numbers with other organizations.
Scroll To Top