http://nothrow.com/privacy-policy/
noTHROW the most reliable online resource for FM expert tactics, talented players, good staff, trainings, tips and guides...
Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Become a Contributor Contact Us
Copyright © 2018-2019 nothrow.com. All Rights Reserved. You may not copy and distribute the content from the Site.
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their ‘Personally Identifiable Information’ (PII) is being used online. PII, as described in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website. What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app? When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, or other details to help you with your experience.   When do we collect information? We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to a newsletter, respond to a survey, download our free ebooks, fill out a form or enter information on our site.   How do we use your information? We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, download our free ebook, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
To personalize your experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested. To improve our website in order to better serve you. To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests. To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature. To ask for ratings and reviews of services or product. To follow up with them after correspondence (live chat, email or phone inquiries)
How do we protect your information?
We do not use vulnerability scanning and/or scanning to PCI standards. We only provide articles and information. We never ask for credit card numbers. We use regular Malware Scanning. We do use an SSL certificate.
Cookie Policy To make nothrow.com site work properly, we sometimes place small data files called cookies on your device. Most big websites do this too. If you are from EU we will ask you to consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy when you first visit our website. By using our website and agreeing to this policy, you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy. What are Cookies? A cookie is a small text file that a website saves on your computer or mobile device when you visit the site. It enables the website to remember your actions and preferences (such as login, language, font size and other display preferences) over a period of time, so you don’t have to keep re-entering them whenever you come back to the site or browse from one page to another. Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies. Cookies can be used by web servers to identify and track users as they navigate different pages on a website and identify users returning to a website. How do We Use Cookies? We use session and persistent cookies on our website. Our cookies We use these cookies to store information about visitors preferences, record user-specific information on which pages the user access or visit, keep track of advertisements, customize Web page content based on visitors browser type or other information that the visitor sends via their browser. You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since browser is a little different, look at your browser’s Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. If you turn cookies off, some features will be disabled. We respect the privacy of our users. Analytics cookies We use Google Analytics to analyze the use of our website. Our analytics service provider generates statistical and other information about website use by means of cookies. The analytics cookies used by our website have the following names: [_gat, _ga]. The information generated relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of our website. Our analytics service provider’s privacy policy is available at: [http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/]. Third party cookies Our website also uses third party cookies. We publish Google AdSense interest-based advertisements on our website. Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on nothrow.com Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to users based on their visit to nothrow.com and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following URL – http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html Social Media (Features) and Widgets Our Website includes social media features, buttons and widgets provided by third party social media platforms such as Facebook and Twitter (collectively, the “Features”). A Feature may collect your IP address and which page you are visiting on our Website, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. This cookie may allow the social media platform to link the foregoing data with your user profile. The Features are either hosted by the third party platform or directly on our Website. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the relevant platform. How to Control Cookies You can control and/or delete cookies as you wish – for details, see aboutcookies.org. You can view, delete or add interest categories associated with your browser by visiting: http://www.google.com/settings/ads/. You can also opt out of the AdSense partner network cookie using those settings or using the NAI’s (Network Advertising Initiative’s) multi-cookie opt-out mechanism at http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/. However, these opt-out mechanisms themselves use cookies, and if you clear the cookies from your browser your opt-out will not be maintained. To ensure that an opt-out is maintained in respect of a particular browser, you may wish to consider using the Google browser plug-in available at https://www.google.com/settings/ads/plugin.   Advertisement Policy Pages on this website may include links to online retailers. When you click to buy those products using the links that you find on this site, the owner of nothrow.com will earn a commission from the company that sells the product. Being a part of these networks makes it possible to support a team of writers who provide the latest health and nutrition information free to our loyal readers. Some of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our site. Our advertising partners are:
Google Adsense
Google Google’s advertising requirements can be summed up by Google’s Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en We use Google AdSense Advertising on our website. We have implemented the following:
Remarketing with Google AdSense Google Display Network Impression Reporting Demographics and Interests Reporting DoubleClick Platform Integration
DoubleClick DART Cookie Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on nothrow.com Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to users based on their visit to https://thehealthyapron.com/ and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following URL – https://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html Opting out: Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative Opt Out page or by using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on. Fair Information Practices The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information. In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur: We will notify you via email within 30 business days or We will notify the users via in-site notification within 30 business days. It’s also important to note that we allow third-party behavioral tracking.   Finance This website is personally financed by owner. Pages on nothrow.com have advertisements. The earnings from these advertisements will go to the owner. Pages on this website may include links to online retailers. In some cases, the owner of nothrow.com will earn a commission after you make a purchase on these links. This website is an independent, privately run business separate from any other organization. If there are any questions regarding Terms of Use and Disclaimer or Privacy, Advertisement and Cookie Policy, please contact us. Last update 15 September 2018.
Recent Posts
100+ Best Left Backs in Football Manager 2018/2019
Attacking Shape vs Defensive Shape in Football Manager
Football Manager: The Best Long Throw-In Takers
The Best Aerial Ability Goalkeepers in Football Manager
What are The Minimum Requirements for Football Manager 2019?
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Accept Read More
Players Clubs Tactics About Us Become a Contributor