https://novaspace.com/privacy-policy/
×
Home
News
Shop
Sale
Signings
Spacefest
FAQ
About Us
×
What are you looking for?
Privacy Policy
Privacy of information gathered on the internet is of prime importance to users. First let us dispel the myths you may have heard: This is true of ALL SITES.
We don’t know who you are unless you tell us
User logs are generated for every click of your mouse, and they do tell us an amazing variety of things, but NOT any personal information.
Logs tell us:
What browser and version you’re using (hence your computer type),
Where you go, (what pages)
How long you stay there
Your IP address (a bunch of numbers) that don’t tell us much except whether your provider is a .com, .org, or whatever, and what country you’re connecting from.
They CAN’T tell us
Who you are
Your email address
Personal info
This log generation has been in use since the beginnings of the internet, and was never intended to invade privacy. In fact, it has only recently been used for marketing purposes, which is what we use it for. Most simple log reports will process the raw data and tell us
the percentage of what browsers are being used,
what web pages are the most popular, (& least popular),
how many bad links (unfortunately not WHERE they are),
top domains and countries visiting, referral sites– that is, if you clicked on a link to us from somewhere else.
What search engine you used and what keywords you typed in
Log reports are a great way to see what’s working and what’s not on our website. Browser types helps us design the pages to look good and download faster, as this happens differently in every browser type.
Search engine keywords tell us what you’re looking for and how we can add the proper tags to our pages so you can find us quickly. If we’re getting a lot of French visitors, maybe we should do a bilingual site. If people continually exit on a given page, there’s something wrong (or boring) with that page…etc.
So as you can see, logs are really innocent marketing tools, and have nothing to do with leakage of personal information. There are different software packages, some which are quite pricey, which can massage the log data and tell us exactly your path through our site, how long you stayed on each page, but NOTHING ABOUT YOU.
If you want to worry about privacy, worry about what information your INSURANCE COMPANY has about you. That will affect you more severly than someone knowing your shopping habits!
Google Ads
We use third-party advertising companies (Google with the DoubleClick DART cookie) to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy. Novaspace has opted-out of Google’s interest-based advertising program, but they still want us to include this information in our privacy policy.
Here’s what Google has to say about opting out:
You (Novaspace) can opt out of showing ads that are based on user interest categories (e.g. ‘space enthusiasts’). In turn, Google will not use visitation information from your sites (Novaspace) to help create interest categories. However, you cannot opt out of showing ads to users based on their previous interactions with the advertiser, such as visits to an advertiser’s website.