https://o2spabar.com/privacy-notice/
plus
lock
O2 Spa Bar's Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy was last updated on July 30, 2018.
O2 Spa Bar (“we”, or “us”) takes the privacy and protection of your personal information very seriously. By visiting and using our website, our other online or mobile sites, services, applications or advertisements (“Properties”) or by using any of the services available through the Properties (the “Services”), you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined in this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”).
What This Privacy Policy Covers
This Privacy Policy describes O2 Spa Bar's practices with respect to Personal Information and Anonymous Information that we collect when you use the Services. This Privacy Policy does not apply to the use of your Personal Information that is collected by third parties that O2 Spa Bar does not own or control or that do not support O2 Spa Bar in providing the Services.
“Personal Information” is information that is personally identifiable like names, addresses, e-mail addresses, or phone numbers, as well as other non-public information that is associated with the foregoing.
“Anonymous Information” means information that is not associated with or linked to your Personal Information; Anonymous Information does not permit the identification of individual persons.
We collect and use Personal Information and Anonymous Information as described in this Privacy Policy from the users of the Services.
BY USING THE SERVICES OR SUBMITTING PERSONAL INFORMATION THROUGH THE SERVICES, YOU EXPRESSLY CONSENT TO THE PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION ACCORDING TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY.
YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION MAY BE PROCESSED IN THE COUNTRY WHERE IT WAS COLLECTED AS WELL AS OTHER COUNTRIES (INCLUDING THE UNITED STATES) WHERE LAWS REGARDING PROCESSING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION MAY BE LESS STRINGENT THAN THE LAWS IN YOUR COUNTRY AND BY USING THE SERVICES OR SUBMITTING PERSONAL INFORMATION THROUGH THE SERVICES, YOU ARE EXPRESSLY CONSENTING TO SUCH PROCESSING.
What information do we collect?
Information you provide us: We may collect the following Personal Information when you voluntarily provide it to us through a number of features available on the O2 Spa Bar website. For example:
If you register through the Properties to receive our newsletter, we collect your full name, and e-mail address
If you submit a product review through Facebook connect, we collect your profile information
When you contact us through our Contact Us submission form, we will collect any information that is contained in (and/or attached to) your e-mail, so that we can respond to your questions and comments.
Your participation in any of these activities is voluntary and we only use the personal information that you provide for the purposes for which it was collected.You will always have the opportunity to “unsubscribe” from receiving e-mail or other communication at any time.
Information we collect automatically:
Properties usage information: O2 Spa Bar and our third–party service providers may also use a variety of technologies that passively or automatically collect information about how our visitors are browsing the site, including your operating system, browser type, pages visited, your use of tools on the Properties. This data helps us understand what content and services are most relevant to you, so we can customize our Properties to your needs.
Cookies: Like many websites, we use “Cookies,” which are small text files placed on your browser to facilitate site navigation and to personalize your experience. Cookies allow us to select which ads or offers are most likely to appeal to you, based on your interests, preferences, location, or demographic information.If you would prefer not to accept cookies, you can change your browser settings to notify you when you receive a cookie, which lets you choose whether or not to accept it; or set your browser to automatically not accept any cookies. While you will still be able to use the Services if you disable Cookies in your browser, certain parts of the Services may not function as effectively.
Server log files: An Internet Protocol (IP) address is a number that is automatically assigned to the computer that you are using by your internet service provider and is identified and logged automatically in our server log files whenever you visit one of our Properties, along with the time of the visit and the page(s) that were visited. We use IP addresses for purposes such as routing visitors to the appropriate website for the visitor’s country, calculating usage levels, helping diagnose server problems, and administering our Properties. If you accessed one of our Properties using a mobile device like a smartphone, we may also collect your phone’s unique device ID and other similar mobile device data.
Information we collect through Third Parties
Third Party Applications: We also offer and deliver services, content or interactive features through and/or using third party application programming interfaces (API), gadgets, extensions that are hosted on our Properties or through other third party websites, or social networking platforms. When you participate in these services, products, applications, or otherwise connect with, or “accept” or “allow” third party applications, networks, platforms or services through our Properties and/or one of our services or products, you are authorizing those third parties to receive your information and additionally to potentially share any or all of your information with us, based on your privacy or other settings on the particular third party network or platform. Any personal or other information we receive by these means will be treated and/or processed according to this Privacy Policy.
Location data: Some of our Properties may allow you to submit information about your general location, such as your ZIP code or address, in order to locate stores that sell our products or provide other location-related services. With your consent, some of our Properties also may capture and record certain geo-location or global positioning data in order to provide location-related functionality. We may link such location data to other information that you provide to us or that may be accessed in connection with your use of our Properties.
Shop
Products
Pages
Privacy Notice
Contact Us
Home
Products
About Us
Directions & Ingredients
Liquid Oxygen FAQ
Scientific FAQ
Happy Customers
Wholesale & Distribution
Account
Sign In / Register
Wishlists
Returns
Gift Certificates
What are you looking for?
*
Search