http://ocean.victoriaskimboards.com/online-policy/
Navigation
Home
Main MenuBOARDS
SHOP
TEAM
Pro Men
Pro Women
Amateur
Legends
VIC Family
NEWS
SERVICES
Camps
Repairs
Rentals
Private Lessons
Saturday Sessions
International Distributors
Lost and Found
Store Locator
CAM
THE VIC
WAKE
Return to Content
Thank you for visiting this website. Victoria Skimboards, Inc. (hereinafter “Victoria Skimboards,” “we” or “us”) has created this Online Privacy Statement to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy. To better protect your privacy, we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used by us. This notice discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for each of the Victoria Skimboards website. Although our computer systems are currently based in the United States of America, we operate internationally. Your personal data will be processed by us in the United States where data protection and privacy regulations may or may not be to the same level of protection as in other parts of the world, such as in the European Union. By visiting the Victoria Skimboards Site from outside the United States, you consent to the collection and processing in the United States of your identifiable information.
THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We use the information that you provide to respond to your requests, assist our sales team to reach an appropriate audience, improve our stores and the Victoria Skimboards Site, manage our contests, and to communicate with you. Here are the types of information we gather.
Information You Give Us. You can enter certain information on the Victoria Skimboards Site, including your name, age, e-mail address, survey information or other site registration data, hobbies, interests and your URL. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of some of the features of the Victoria Skimboards Site.
Automatic Information. Certain data is automatically collected from you and all visitors whenever you visit the Victoria Skimboards Site. This data includes your IP address and the type of browser you use to surf the Internet. Your IP address tells us both your Internet Service Provider (ISP) and the general geographic location from where you are connecting. We may also use your IP address to track the date and time you accessed the Victoria Skimboards Site, how long you stayed at the Victoria Skimboards Site, and what pages you visited. If you have configured your browser with your e-mail address, this data may also be available to us.
Cookies. Like many websites, Victoria Skimboards makes use of “cookies” on the Victoria Skimboards Site. A cookie is a file transferred from a website to the hard drive of your computer so that the website may track your activities on the website. Cookies, by themselves, do not let a website know any personally identifying information about you, such as your real name, address, etc., unless you previously provided that information at the website or have set your preferences in your browser to provide that information. Victoria Skimboards does not collect personally identifiable information about any one person using cookies. Cookies technology allows Victoria Skimboards to keep track of the Site you visit and store your preferences. The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, now to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether.
Forum. If you wish to participate in the “forum” feature offered on the Victoria Skimboards Site, you will be asked to enter your name, e-mail address, and URL. When posting a message, you can do so under a pseudonym. If you do choose to post any information about yourself, please be aware that Victoria Skimboards cannot control and assumes no responsibility for the collection, use or misuse of this publicly accessible information by other visitors to the Victoria Skimboards Site.
Surveys. Occasionally, Victoria Skimboards will request you to fill out a user survey. Such surveys are optional to you, the users, but these surveys allow Victoria Skimboards to better understand the demographics and interests of our users. Your responses in combination with the responses of our other users help Victoria Skimboards to improve the Victoria Skimboards Site.
Contests. Victoria Skimboards may occasionally run contests, sweepstakes, or other promotions sponsored by Victoria Skimboards or our partners and sponsors. As part of entering the contest, Victoria Skimboards may request your name, age, e-mail address and mailing address. Victoria Skimboards may share such information with the third party sponsors. Any information supplied to a third party may be retained by such third party and will be out of the control of Victoria Skimboards.
E-Mail. If you contact Victoria Skimboards through the regular mail or via e-mail, Victoria Skimboards may keep a record of that correspondence. Any personally identifiable information contained within your communication will not be used for a commercial or unlawful purpose.
Newsletter/Bulletin. Victoria Skimboards may produce a newsletter or email bulletin. If you choose to subscribe to this feature, you may be asked to provide your e-mail address and mailing address. Your e-mail address will be used only by Victoria Skimboards to distribute the newsletter or bulletin and any promotions or marketing that we feel may be on interest to you. To no longer receive newsletters or bulletins, please review how in Section 4 of this Online Privacy Statement.
HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION
Victoria Skimboards puts the non-personally identifiable information gathered whenever you visit the Victoria Skimboards Site and the information volunteered by you to several uses.
Your IP address is used to assist us in diagnosing problems with our server and to administer the Victoria Skimboards Site.
We may use the information provided to perform statistical analyses of the characteristics and behavior of the users and decide where to invest our resources. We may use this information to update the Victoria Skimboards Site, to notify you about information that may be of interest to you, or display content for which you may have shown a preference.
We may use personal contact information volunteered by you for promotional and/or marketing purposes.
If you provide us with your telephone number, you will only receive a telephone call from us with information in relation to a contest.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE SHARE WITH THIRD PARTIES?
Unless required by law, user information provided by you, including but not limited to demographic information, will not knowingly be shared with third parties that are unaffiliated with Victoria Skimboards, with the exception of third party sponsors of contests.
User information provided by you, including but not limited to demographic information, may be shared with affiliates or partners of Victoria Skimboards, and may be used for promotional and/or marketing purposes.
From time to time, Victoria Skimboards may offer contests and sweepstakes sponsored by third party business or in connection with third party content providers. Victoria Skimboards may share with such third parties entrant information collected by Victoria Skimboards. Victoria Skimboards encourages all third parties to adhere to our policies regarding the privacy of our users, but Victoria Skimboards is not responsible for the privacy practices or the third parties use of such information.
Victoria Skimboards responds to subpoenas, warrants or other court orders regarding information that is contained within our access logs concerning any user. Victoria Skimboards also reserves the right to release the information concerning a user who we believe is in violation of our content guidelines, even without a subpoena, warrant, or other court order. Victoria Skimboards cooperates with law enforcement agencies in identifying those who use our servers for illegal activities. We also reserve the right to report any illegal activity to law enforcement for prosecution.
WHAT CHOICES DO I HAVE TO CONTROL MY INFORMATION?
You have the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us and/or to opt out of permitting us to share your information with affiliates and third parties sponsors by sending us an email at questionthesite@victoriaskimboards.com or sending us a letter at Web Manager, Victoria Skimboards, Inc., 2955 Laguna Canyon Rd. #1, Laguna Beach, CA 92651 and telling us that you do not want us to send you any communications and/or permit us to share your information with affiliates or sponsors of our contests.
THE PRIVACY OF MINORS
Victoria Skimboards believes that it is particularly important to protect the privacy of minors online. Victoria Skimboards defines a “minor” as any person less than 13 years of age. Victoria Skimboards does not knowingly share personal information about minor users with third parties without a parent’s permission.
Victoria Skimboards recommends that parents review our Online Privacy Statement before allowing their children to access the Victoria Skimboards Site, especially the forum. Children should always ask a parent for permission before sending personal information to anyone online. They should also be instructed not to fill out any forms or register at any domain without a parent’s knowledge and consent.
HOW DO WE PROTECT THE USER DATA WE COLLECT?
We employ several physical, electronic and managerial safeguards to protect collected user data.
DISCLAIMERS
All users should be aware while using any service where you disclose personal information online voluntarily, including on forums or through e-mail, that such information can be collected and used by others. If you use these services on the Victoria Skimboards Site and voluntarily provide any information on our forum, you do so at your own risk. Victoria Skimboards cannot make any representations regarding the security of such transfer of information.
You should be aware that the Victoria Skimboards Site contains links to outside Site. Victoria Skimboards is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
Victoria Skimboards reserves the right to change or modify this Online Privacy Statement at any time by posting such change or modification on this page. Users should check this page regularly for such updates. However, we stand behind the promises we make, and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of the affected customers.
This statement and the policies outlined herein are not intended to and do not create any contractual or other legal right in or on behalf of any party.
CONTACTING VICTORIA SKIMBOARDS
If you have any questions about this Online Privacy Statement, the practices of the Victoria Skimboards Site, or your dealings with any of the Victoria Skimboards Site, please send an email to questionthesite@victoriaskimboards.com or send us a letter at Victoria Skimboards, Inc., 2955 Laguna Canyon Rd. #1, Laguna Beach, CA 92651, Attention: Web Manager.
NEWSLETTER
Email Address*
First Name
Last Name
* = required field
SKIMBOARDSWoody
Slider
Foamie 2.0
Glide
Poly
Bigfoot
INFOArt
History
International Distributors
Lost and Found
Catalogs
Wallpapers
Online Policy
Return Authorization
Terms and conditions
Sponsoring
Store Locator
Tips
SEARCH THE SITE
"The renaissance began
at Victoria
in Laguna Beach, California in 1976.
What has kept us ahead
for 40 years
hasn't gone away or changed. Pure function,
no frills, excellent craftsmanship,
best
customer service and
attention to performance.
Victoria Skimboards, get it from the source."
Victoria Skimboards
2955 Laguna Canyon Rd#1
Laguna Beach, CA 92651
Tel: (+1) 949-494-0059