https://oceanculture.com.au/terms-privacy/
Home / Terms & Privacy
Terms Of Shopping
The use of this site is governed by the policies, terms and conditions set forth below. Please read them carefully. Your use of this site and placement of an order indicates your acceptance of these terms and conditions and our privacy policy. Your submittal of any purchase order to Ocean Culture® indicates acceptance of these terms and conditions. These terms and conditions shall supersede any subsequent terms or conditions included with any purchase order, whether or not such terms or conditions are signed by Ocean Culture®.
Ocean Culture® reserves the right to make changes to this site and these terms and conditions at any time.
Copyright and Trademark Notice
This site is owned and operated by Ocean Culture®. Unless otherwise specified, all materials appearing on this site, including the text, site design, logos, graphics, icons, and images, as well as the selection, assembly and arrangement thereof, are the sole property of Ocean Culture® Copyright © ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. You may use the content of this site only for the purpose of shopping on this site or placing an order on this site and for no other purpose. No materials from this site may be copied, reproduced, modified, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any form or by any means without Ocean Culture’s® prior written permission. All rights not expressly granted herein are reserved. Any unauthorized use of the materials appearing on this site may violate copyright, trademark and other applicable laws and could result in criminal or civil penalties.
All graphics, icons, logos and service names are registered trademarks, trademarks or service marks of Ocean Culture®. All other trademarks or service marks are property of their respective owners. The use of any Ocean Culture® trademark or service mark without Ocean Culture’s® express written consent is strictly prohibited.
Disclaimer and Limitation of Liability as to Products Sold
Ocean Culture® products are guaranteed against defects for 90 days from the date of purchase. Except as expressly stated herein, Ocean Culture® makes no representations or warranties, either express or implied, of any kind with respect to the products sold on the Ocean Culture® website. You agree that the sole and exclusive maximum liability to Ocean Culture® arising from any product sold on the Ocean Culture® website shall be the price of the product ordered. In no event shall Ocean Culture®, its directors, officers, employees or other representatives be liable for special, indirect, consequential, or punitive damages related to product sold.
Disclaimer and Limitation of Liability as to the Ocean Culture Web Site
The Ocean Culture® website and the materials therein are provided as is. Ocean Culture® makes no representations or warranties, either express or implied, of any kind with respect to Ocean Culture’s® website, their operations, contents, information, or materials. Ocean Culture® expressly disclaims all warranties, express or implied, of any kind with respect to the sites or their use, including but not limited to merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. You agree that Ocean Culture®, its directors, officers, employees or other representatives shall not be liable for damages arising from the operation, content or use of the Ocean Culture® website. You agree that this limitation of liability is comprehensive and applies to all damages of any kind, including without limitation direct, indirect, compensatory, special, incidental, punitive and consequential damages.
Links
This site may contain links to other sites on the Internet that are owned and operated by third parties. You acknowledge that Ocean Culture® is not responsible for the operation of or content located on or through any such site.
Order Acceptance Policy
Your receipt of an electronic or other form of order confirmation does not signify our acceptance of your order, nor does it constitute confirmation of our offer to sell. Ocean Culture® reserves the right at any time after receipt of your order to accept or decline your order for any reason. Ocean Culture® reserves the right at any time after receipt of your order, without prior notice to you, to supply a product of equivilent value than the item you ordered, if that item is not in stock at any item. All orders placed over $1500.00 (AUD.) must obtain pre-approval with an acceptable method of payment, as established by our credit and fraud avoidance department. We may require additional verifications or information before accepting any order.
Shipping Charges
Ocean Culture® shall automatically charge the applicable shipping and handling for orders.
Returns
Please choose your products carefully, as we do not offer refunds or returns if you select the wrong item.
Should you find your product is faulty please notify Ocean Culture® immediately by phone or email and we shall determine the viability of your claim and seek to resolve the issue. We check our products very carefully before sending them to you, so in the case of postal damage you may take it up with Australia Post if the article was registered or had additional insurance coverage.
Privacy
All customer information collected by Ocean Culture® is treated as confidential and used for order processing only. Ocean Culture®
will not share your information or email address with any third
parties, at any time, unless compelled to do so by law. If you have
elected to receive occasional corrspondence via newsletter we will email
you from time to time. If you do not wish to receive corrspondence from
Ocean Culture® you can reply to our email with “unsubsribe” in the subject line.
Please note: Pre-orders for sandboards and sleds are at full capacity and orders placed after the 24th November may not arrive before Christmas due to Australia Post delivery delays Dismiss