https://offroadunlimited.com/terms-and-conditions
Home
Terms and Conditions
Terms & Conditions
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE. All users of this site agree that access to and use of this site are subject to the following terms and conditions and other applicable law. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use this site.
Notice to Dealer/Consumer
Driving Characteristics
Installation of many ORU products can change ride characteristics, center of gravity, and/or rollover resistance. Because of the change in on/off road handling, you should familiarize yourself, and all operators of the vehicle with the unique handling characteristics associated with it. Extreme care should be taken when operating the vehicle to prevent possible loss of control or rollover that could result in serious injury or death. The user is ultimately responsible for the safe operation of the vehicle and compliance with any individual state laws that may apply to its modification. The vehicle’s factory warranty may be affected by the installation of aftermarket parts. Check with your local dealer prior to installation. The purchase of products from this website constitutes an acknowledgement and understanding of this disclaimer.
Product Fitment
Although ORU makes every effort to ensure the fit of our products, many times changes by the vehicle manufacturer may affect their compatibility. We suggest always “test-fitting” a product prior to actual installation.
ORU reserves the right to make changes in product design, description, application, and/or color with or without prior notice. Although every effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of this website, ORU assumes no responsibility for any errors that may have occurred.
Miscellaneous
This Agreement shall all be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California applicable to agreements made and to be performed in California. You agree that any legal action or proceeding between ORU and you for any purpose concerning this Agreement or the parties' obligations hereunder shall be brought exclusively in a federal or state court of competent jurisdiction sitting in California. Any cause of action or claim you may have with respect to the Service must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises or such claim or cause of action is barred. ORU's failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of this Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. Neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice shall act to modify any provision of this Agreement. ORU may assign its rights and duties under this Agreement to any party at any time without notice to you.
Pricing/Misprint
ORU is not responsible or obligated to honor any price or quantity misprint on the Site. Errors can and do occur despite best efforts to avoid them. Prices, quantities and terms listed on the Site are advertisements only. They are not offers to contract. Any purported purchases made by you on the Site remain subject to review and acceptance by ORU.
Return Policy
There are no returns on Special Order parts, all other orders are subject to a 15% restocking fee. Read our complete returns policy for more information.
Reservation of Rights
Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.
Copyright
The entire content included in this site, including but not limited to text, graphics or code is copyrighted as a collective work under the United States and other copyright laws, and is the property of OFF ROAD UNLIMITED (ORU). The collective work includes works that are licensed to ORU. Copyright 2018, ORU ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Permission is granted to electronically copy and print hard copy portions of this site for the sole purpose of placing an order with ORU or purchasing ORU products. You may display and, subject to any expressly stated restrictions or limitations relating to specific material, download or print portions of the material from the different areas of the site solely for your own non-commercial use, or to place an order with ORU or to purchase ORU products. Any other use, including but not limited to the reproduction, distribution, display or transmission of the content of this site is strictly prohibited, unless authorized by ORU. You further agree not to change or delete any proprietary notices from materials downloaded from the site.
Trademarks
All trademarks, service marks and trade names of ORU used in the site are trademarks or registered trademarks of ORU
Warranty Disclaimer
This site and the materials and products on this site are provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, ORU disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. ORU does not represent or warrant that the functions contained in the site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that the defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes the site available are free of viruses or other harmful components. ORU does not make any warrantees or representations regarding the use of the materials in this site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, adequacy, usefulness, timeliness, reliability or otherwise. Some states do not permit limitations or exclusions on warranties, so the above limitations may not apply to you.
Limitation of Liability
ORU shall not be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials on this site or the performance of the products, even if ORU has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Applicable law may not allow the limitation of exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.
Typographical Errors
In the event that a ORU product is mistakenly listed at an incorrect price, ORU reserves the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. ORU reserves the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is cancelled, ORU shall issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price.
Term; Termination
These terms and conditions are applicable to you upon your accessing the site and/or completing the registration or shopping process. These terms and conditions, or any part of them, may be terminated by ORU without notice at any time, for any reason. The provisions relating to Copyrights, Trademark, Disclaimer, Limitation of Liability, Indemnification and Miscellaneous, shall survive any termination.
Notice
ORU may deliver notice to you by means of e-mail, a general notice on the site, or by other reliable method to the address you have provided to ORU.
Miscellaneous
Your use of this site shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the state of California, U.S.A., without regard to choice of law provisions, and not by the 1980 U.N. Convention on contracts for the international sale of goods. You agree that jurisdiction over and venue in any legal proceeding directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to this site (including but not limited to the purchase of ORU products) shall be in the state or federal courts located in Los Angeles County, California. Any cause of action or claim you may have with respect to the site (including but not limited to the purchase of ORU products) must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises. ORU's failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these terms and conditions shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. Neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice shall act to modify any of these terms and conditions. ORU may assign its rights and duties under this Agreement to any party at any time without notice to you.
Use of Site
Harassment in any manner or form on the site, including via e-mail, chat, or by use of obscene or abusive language, is strictly forbidden. Impersonation of others, including a ORU or other licensed employee, host, or representative, as well as other members or visitors on the site is prohibited. You may not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through the site any content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable which may constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or which may otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law. You may not upload commercial content on the site or use the site to solicit others to join or become members of any other commercial online service or other organization.
Participation Disclaimer
ORU does not and cannot review all communications and materials posted to or created by users accessing the site, and is not in any manner responsible for the content of these communications and materials. You acknowledge that by providing you with the ability to view and distribute user-generated content on the site, ORU is merely acting as a passive conduit for such distribution and is not undertaking any obligation or liability relating to any contents or activities on the site. However, ORU reserves the right to block or remove communications or materials that it determines to be (a) abusive, defamatory, or obscene, (b) fraudulent, deceptive, or misleading, (c) in violation of a copyright, trademark or; other intellectual property right of another or (d) offensive or otherwise unacceptable to ORU in its sole discretion.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless ORU, its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers (collectively the "Service Providers") from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any violation of these terms and conditions or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing the site using your Internet account.
Third-Party Links
In an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, ORU may link to sites operated by third parties. However, even if the third party is affiliated with ORU, ORU has no control over these linked sites, all of which have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of ORU. These linked sites are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk. Nonetheless, ORU seeks to protect the integrity of its web site and the links placed upon it and therefore requests any feedback on not only its own site, but for sites it links to as well (including if a specific link does not work).