https://omarsexoticbirds.com/terms-and-conditions/
HomeAbout UsBird CareBoardingProductsBaby BirdsAFRICANSAMAZONSASIATIC PARROTSAUSTRALIAN PARAKEETSBUDGIESCAIQUESCANARIESCOCKATIELSCOCKATOOSCONURESECLECTUSFINCHESHAWKHEADSLINEOLATED PARAKEETSLORIESLOVEBIRDSMACAWSPARROTLETSPIONUSContactShopping cart close That’s Right!!!
We have opened another location in Vista, California. For more information see below.
LAKE FOREST23507 El Toro Rd.Lake Forest, CA 92630(949) 472-3962BREA903 E. Imperial Hwy.Brea, Ca 92821(714) 572-8353VISTA VILLAGE410 Vista Village Drive, Vista CA. 92083(760) 536-3741HOURS (Vista Location Closed Mon & Tues)M-F: 10am - 5pmSAT: 10am - 5pmSUN: 10am - 5pmTerms of ServiceOmar`s Exotic Birds and its affiliates (collectively, “Omar`s Exotic Birds”) provides all information on this site (together with all content and the underlying source HTML files that implement the hypertext features, collectively this “Site”) exclusively under the following Terms and Conditions and all applicable laws:1. OWNERSHIP, LICENSE & RESTRICTIONS ON USE1.1. All right, title and interest (including all copyrights, trademarks and other intellectual property rights) in this Site belongs to Omar`s Exotic Birds. In addition, the names, images, pictures, logos and icons identifying Omar`s Exotic Birds products and services are proprietary marks of Omar`s Exotic Birds and/or its subsidiaries, parent company, or affiliates. Except as expressly provided below, nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring any license or right, by implication, estoppels or otherwise, under copyright, trademark or other intellectual property rights.1.2. You are hereby granted a non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited license to view this Site, and to download and/or print insignificant portions of materials retrieved from this Site provided (a) it is used only for informational, non-commercial purposes, and (b) you do not remove or obscure the copyright notice or other notices. Except as expressly provided above, no part of this Site, including but not limited to materials retrieved there from and the underlying code, may be reproduced, republished, copied, transmitted, or distributed in any form or by any means, without the express written permission of Omar`s Exotic Birds.1.3. Use, duplication, or disclosure by or for the United States Government is subject to the restrictions set forth in DFARS 252.227-7013 (c)(1)(ii) and FAR 52.227-19.2. LINKS TO THIRD-PARTY SITESOmar`s Exotic Birds provides links to third-party web sites for your convenience. Omar`s Exotic Birds does not assume any responsibility for the (i) content of, (ii) technology implemented by, or (iii) privacy practices of third-party sites and all use is at your own risk. You should review the privacy policy and terms of use for each third-party site and confirm they are acceptable prior to registration on or use of the site. Links to third-party sites do not imply endorsement of the sites by Omar`s Exotic Birds.3. PRODUCT & SERVICE AVAILABILITY IN FOREIGN COUNTRIESThis Site may contain references or cross references to Omar`s Exotic Birds products and services that are not available in every country.4. GOVERNING LAWS IN CASE OF DISPUTE; JURISDICTIONThese Terms and Conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida, USA, as they apply to agreements made and solely performed therein. Disputes arising hereunder or in any way related to this Site shall be exclusively subject to the jurisdiction of the Federal Courts of the United States of America and/or the State Courts of Florida, and jurisdiction therefore shall rest solely in Florida, USA.5. CHANGES TO SITE AND THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONSThis Site and these Terms and Conditions may be changed by Omar`s Exotic Birds with or without notice. Please review this link on a regular basis for changes. Continued use of this Site following any change constitutes your acceptance of the change.6. COMMUNICATIONSAny communication or other information sent to Omar`s Exotic Birds via electronic mail or otherwise in connection with your use of this Site, including but not limited to suggestions, ideas and comments, will be treated as non-confidential and all such information may be used by Omar`s Exotic Birds for any purpose without compensation. Disclosure shall constitute an assignment of all right, title and interest in such information to Omar`s Exotic Birds.7. LINKS TO Omar`s Exotic Birds WEB PAGES7.1. Omar`s Exotic Birds permits links to this Site provided (a) you do not remove or obscure, by framing or otherwise, any content, including but not limited to the copyright notice and other notices, (b) you do not directly or indirectly cause any portion of this Site to appear on a user’s computer screen with any material (e.g. URL, text, graphics, pop-up window, audio or other) supplied by or associated with you or a third-party, (c) you give Omar`s Exotic Birds notice of all such links by sending an e-mail to chawkins@cghpa.com, and (d) you discontinue providing links to this Site if notified by Omar`s Exotic Birds.7.2. When linking to this Site you may use one or more Omar`s Exotic Birds logos as a link anchor. To ensure proper usage of Omar`s Exotic Birds logos, we’ve presented them here. These logos are trademarks of Omar`s Exotic Birds and Omar`s Exotic Birds retains all rights in them. Omar`s Exotic Birds grants you a limited license to use these logos solely for linking to Omar`s Exotic Birds web pages as provided above. Logos cannot be altered or modified other than to make them larger or smaller. Except for the limited license provided above, Omar`s Exotic Birds does not grant, by implication, estoppels or otherwise, any license to use any trademark, copyrighted materials or other proprietary materials displayed on this Site and any other use is strictly prohibited.8. ENTIRE AGREEMENT; SEVERABILITYThese Terms and Conditions incorporate by reference any notices contained on this Site and constitute the entire agreement with respect to your access to and use of this Site. If any provision of these Terms and Conditions is unlawful, void or unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from the remaining provisions and shall not affect their validity and enforceability.9. DISCLAIMERS9.1. THIS SITE IS PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS”, “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS AND Omar`s Exotic Birds EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, INCLUDING THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. Omar`s Exotic Birds DOES NOT WARRANT OR REPRESENT THAT ANY MATERIAL ON THIS WEBSITE IS ACCURATE, COMPLETE, CURRENT, RELIABLE, OR ERROR-FREE.9.2. Omar`s Exotic Birds disclaims all responsibility for any loss, injury, claim, liability, or damage of any kind resulting from, arising out of, or in any way related to:(a) any errors in or omissions from this Site, including but not limited to technical inaccuracies and typographical errors,(b) any third-party websites or content therein directly or indirectly accessed through links in this Site, including but not limited to any errors in or omissions therefrom,(c) the unavailability of this Site or any portion thereof,(d) your use of this Site, or(e) your use of any equipment or software in connection with this Site.10. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY10.1. A COVERED PARTY (AS DEFINED BELOW) SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ATTORNEYS’ FEES AND LOST PROFITS OR SAVINGS) IN ANY WAY DUE TO, RESULTING FROM, OR ARISING IN CONNECTION WITH THIS SITE, INCLUDING ITS CONTENT, REGARDLESS OF ANY NEGLIGENCE OF ANY COVERED PARTY.10.2. “Covered Party” means Omar`s Exotic Birds, its affiliates, and any officer, director, employee, subcontractor, agent, successor, or assign of any of them.11. NON-COMPLIANCE, DISAGREEMENTIF THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS ARE NOT ACCEPTABLE IN FULL, OR YOU FEEL THESE TERMS ARE UNCOMPATIBLE WITH YOUR USE, YOU MUST IMMEDIATELY TERMINATE YOUR USE OF THIS SITE.Copyright © Omar`s Exotic Birds All rights reserved.Additional Provisions1. Message Board, Blogs, & SharingOmar`s Exotic Birds may, now or in the future, allow users to post, upload, transmit through, or otherwise make available on the Site (collectively, “submit”) messages, receipts, text, illustrations, personal stories, reviews, illustrations, files, graphics, photos, comments, sounds, music, videos, information, content, or other materials (“User Content”). Omar`s Exotic Birds is not responsible for User Content for any links or images embedded in the User Content, or for the results obtained by using the User Content. Omar`s Exotic Birds does not endorse or warrant, and is not responsible for the accuracy, timeliness, completeness, or reliability of any opinion, advice, or statement contained in User Content. Under no circumstances will Omar`s Exotic Birds be liable for any loss or damage caused by reliance on the Site, User Content or information or materials obtained through User Content.You shall not submit any User Content that is protected by copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, moral right, or other intellectual property, personal, contractual, or property right of a third-party without the owner’s express permission. You are solely liable for any damages resulting from your failure to obtain consent.You shall not submit content that (a) violates or infringes the rights of others; (b) is unlawful, defamatory, threatening, harassing, abusive, libelous, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, vulgar, obscene, pornographic, profane, lewd, lascivious, excessively violent, or otherwise objectionable; (c) encourages criminal conduct or conduct that gives use to civil liability or otherwise violates any law; (d) advertises goods or services; (e) solicits funds; (f) contains instructions, formulas, or advice that could harm or injure; or (g) is a chain letter of any kind.User Content, including any personally identifiable information (including as name, address, telephone number, or email address), submitted is accessible to other users, including people you may not know. Making this information available may result in receiving unsolicited emails or of other users sharing Your information. You should use discretion when communicating with others or disclosing personal information. Omar`s Exotic Birds has no control over and shall have no liability for any damages resulting from the use or misuse by any third-party of information that you make public by submitting it. If you choose to make personally identifiable information available you do so at your own risk.By submitting User Content, you automatically grant Omar`s Exotic Birds a world-wide, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, fully sublicensable and transferable, right and license to use, record, sell, lease, reproduce, distribute, create derivative works, from publicly displaying or perform, transmit, publish, and otherwise exploit the User Content, in whole or part as Omar`s Exotic Birds deems appropriate including, but not limited to, in connection with Omar`s Exotic Birds’s, or its subsidiaries’, parent company’s,’ or affiliates’, business.Omar`s Exotic Birds has the right, but not the obligation, to monitor the User Content. We reserve the right not to post any User Content, but we do not have an obligation to post, maintain, screen or otherwise use User Content. We may discontinue the ability to submit User Content in our own discretion.The User is responsible for evaluating the accuracy, timeliness, and completeness of all content on the Site including User Content. Omar's Employment ApplicationWe are always on the lookout for bright, energetic associates who share our passion for parrots.
If you would enjoy working with other bird enthusiasts and interested in employment at one our bird stores, please apply.We have an in-depth training program where senior aviculturists will teach you everything you need to know to help our customers properly raise their pet parrots.
You'll discover about the needs of different species, how to care for and handfeed, even learn to groom.Employment at OMAR'S is hard work as we are constantly busy keeping things clean, helping customers make good decisions and making sure our babies are tended to every second. But it's lots of fun too!
If you love birds, and would like to become a part of the OMAR'S team, submit your online application today.Application for employment at Omar's Exotic Birds, inc. *required
First Name* Last Name* Street Address* City* State* Email Address* Phone Number* Which store are you applying for? Check all that apply.*Lake ForestBreaSanta MonicaHigh School Name Graduation Date
School in progressGPA College Name Graduation Date
College in progressMajor What is your availablity? Note specific hours and days. What experience do you have in customer service and sales? What experience do you have working with birds and animals? Why do you want to work at Omar's? Why should Omar's hire you?
Securely send through Google X