https://omarsexoticbirds.com/privacy-policy/
HomeAbout UsBird CareBoardingProductsBaby BirdsAFRICANSAMAZONSASIATIC PARROTSAUSTRALIAN PARAKEETSBUDGIESCAIQUESCANARIESCOCKATIELSCOCKATOOSCONURESECLECTUSFINCHESHAWKHEADSLINEOLATED PARAKEETSLORIESLOVEBIRDSMACAWSPARROTLETSPIONUSContactShopping cart close That’s Right!!!
We have opened another location in Vista, California. For more information see below.
LAKE FOREST23507 El Toro Rd.Lake Forest, CA 92630(949) 472-3962BREA903 E. Imperial Hwy.Brea, Ca 92821(714) 572-8353VISTA VILLAGE410 Vista Village Drive, Vista CA. 92083(760) 536-3741HOURS (Vista Location Closed Mon & Tues)M-F: 10am - 5pmSAT: 10am - 5pmSUN: 10am - 5pmPrivacy PolicyOmar`s Exotic Birds protects your own information. All sensitive/credit information you provide is passed on via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) modern technology. We will not sell or reveal your email address, and we will not spam. Here are more information of our privacy policy.What information do we receive?• We receive information from you once you sign up on the website, place a purchase, enter a contest or sweepstakes, answer a survey or communication such as email, or take part in a different website feature.• When purchasing or signing up, we might require you for your name, email address, mailing address, telephone number, debit cards or credit cards information or additional information.• We as well collect details about gift recipients to ensure that we are able to meet the gift purchase. The information we pick up regarding gift recipients is not used by marketing purposes.• Like numerous sites, we make use of “cookies” to improve your experience and collect details about visitors and visits to our sites. Please refer to the “Do we make use of ‘cookies’?” part below for details about cookies and how we make use of them.Do we disclose the information we gather to outside parties?We are committed to keeping your privacy that is why we do not sell, trade, or else send to outside parties your personally identifiable information except if we give you advance notice, except for as identified below. The term “outside parties” would not consist of Omar`s Exotic Birds. This also would not consist of site hosting partners as well as other parties who help us in working our site, conducting our business or maintenance you in purchasing our items or in assisting to build a proper immune system, as long as those parties agree to keep the information secret. We might also release your personal information when we believe release is appropriate to abide by the law, enforce our website policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property, or safety.Yet, non-personally identifiable visitors information might be supplied to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.How do we make use of your personal information?We might use the information we receive from you once you sign up, purchase items, enter a contest or promotion, answer a survey or marketing communication, browse the website, or make use of certain additional website features in the following ways:• To customize your website experience and to permit us to provide the kind of content and item offerings in which you might be most interested.>• To permit us to better services you in responding to your customer support requests.How could you opt-out, remove or change information you have supplied to us?To modify your email subscriptions, please let us know by changing your preferences in the “My Account” section. Please be aware that because of e-mail production schedules you might receive any e-mails previously in production.To remove all of your on-line account details from our data-base, sign into the “My Account” section of our website and remove your delivering addresses, billing addresses & payment details. Please be aware that we might preserve information regarding a person sales purchase so as to service that transaction and for history keeping.How can we protect visitor’s information?We implement various security measures to preserve the security of your personal information. Your personal information is enclosed behind secured networks it is only available by a restricted number of individuals that have special access legal rights to such systems, as they are required to keep the information secret. Once you place purchases or access your personal information, we provide the use of a safe server. All sensitive/credit information you provide is transmitted through Secure Socket Layer (SSL) modern technology but then encrypted into our databases to be only reached as previously stated.Third party linksIn order to provide you with better value, we might include third party links on our website. These linked websites have separate and unbiased privacy policies. We hence have no accountability or responsibility for the content and activities of the linked websites. Nonetheless, we attempt to protect the integrity of our website and welcome any feed-back about these linked websites (which include if a particular link fails to work).Do we make use of “cookies”?Yes. Cookies are little data files that a website or its services provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive via your Web browser (once you permit) that allows the site’s or service provider’s systems to identify your web browser and catch and remember particular information. For example, we make use of cookies to help us remember and also process the products in your shopping cart. They are used to help us recognize your requirements depending on earlier or existing website activity, which permits us to offer you better services. We likewise use cookies to help us compile combination data about website traffic and website interaction making sure that we are able to offer much better website experiences and also tools in the future.We might contract with third-party service providers to help us in much better understanding our website visitors. These service providers are unauthorized to make use of the information gathered on our behalf except for to assist us conduct and develop our business.You could choose to have your computer alert you every time a cookie has been sent, or perhaps you can select to switch off all cookies. You do this via your web browser (for instance Netscape Navigator or Internet Explorer) configuration settings. Each web browser a little bit of different, therefore look at your web browser Help menu to understand the right way to change your cookies. If you switch cookies off, you will not get access to various features that can make your website experience more effective and some of our services is not going to function effectively. However, you will still place orders through the telephone by getting in contact with customer support.Changes to our policyIf we choose to change our privacy policy, we can post those modifications on this page. Policy changes can apply only to information stored after the date of the change.Queries and feedbackWe welcome your queries, feedback, and concerns about privacy. Please mail us any and all feed-back related to privacy, or any other problem.Online Policy OnlyThis on-line privacy policy is applicable only to information collected via our site and not to details collected offline.Terms and ConditionsPlease as well visit our Terms and Conditions section maintaining the use, disclaimers, and limits of liability regulating the use of our site.Your consentBy making use of our website, you consent to our privacy policy. Omar's Employment ApplicationWe are always on the lookout for bright, energetic associates who share our passion for parrots.
If you would enjoy working with other bird enthusiasts and interested in employment at one our bird stores, please apply.We have an in-depth training program where senior aviculturists will teach you everything you need to know to help our customers properly raise their pet parrots.
You'll discover about the needs of different species, how to care for and handfeed, even learn to groom.Employment at OMAR'S is hard work as we are constantly busy keeping things clean, helping customers make good decisions and making sure our babies are tended to every second. But it's lots of fun too!
If you love birds, and would like to become a part of the OMAR'S team, submit your online application today.Application for employment at Omar's Exotic Birds, inc. *required
First Name* Last Name* Street Address* City* State* Email Address* Phone Number* Which store are you applying for? Check all that apply.*Lake ForestBreaSanta MonicaHigh School Name Graduation Date
School in progressGPA College Name Graduation Date
College in progressMajor What is your availablity? Note specific hours and days. What experience do you have in customer service and sales? What experience do you have working with birds and animals? Why do you want to work at Omar's? Why should Omar's hire you?
Securely send through Google X