http://onestoptruckshop.com/privacy-policy
Sign In
my account
(630) 783-8001
Home
Products
Exterior Accessories
Interior Accessories
Engine & Drivetrain
Specialty Merchandise
Suspension
Tire And Wheel
Services
Company
About Us
Privacy Policy
Terms And Conditions
Contact Us
PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy covers our treatment of personal information that we collect when you are on our site and when you use our services. This policy also covers our treatment of any personally identifiable information that our business partners share with us or that we may collect on a partner's site. This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that we do not own or control or to people that we do not employ or manage.
INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE
We collect personal information when you register for an account, when you use our contact forms, and when you request our newsletter. We may also receive personally identifiable information from our business partners. When you register with us, we ask for your name and email address. Once you register with us and sign in to our services, you are not anonymous to us. We also automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser including your IP address, web browsing cookie information, and pages you request.
We use this information for three general purposes:
To customize the advertising and content you see
To fulfill your requests for certain products and services
To contact you about specials and new products
SHARING INFORMATION
Our customer's information is an important part of our business and we are NOT in the business of selling that to other parties. We only use our customer's information as described in this privacy policy.
SECURITY
Your account information is password-protected for your privacy and security. In sensitive areas of the site we also use industry-standard SSL-encryption to protect data transmissions. It is important for you to protect unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to safely sign off when your have completed your transaction on a shared computer.
WHICH INFORMATION CAN YOU ACCESS
This site gives you access to a broad range of information about your account and your interactions with this site for the limited purpose of viewing, and in certain cases, updating that information.
One Stop Truck Stop, Inc.
17844 Bluff Road
Lemont, IL 60439
(630) 783-8001
osts32@gmail.com
Information
About Us
Contact Us
Follow Us
Categories
Exterior Accessories
Interior Accessories
Performance / Engine / Drivetrain
Suspension / Steering / Brakes
Tires And Wheels
Accessories
©2012-2020 All Rights Reserved.
Site Powered by vNext Technologies, Inc.