http://orientaltrading.custhelp.com
Skip Navigation
Help Center
Search
Search by Keyword
Search
Top Categories
Returns & Refunds
Payments & Gift Cards
My Account
Product Questions
Promotions
Web Accessibility
Popular Questions
Contact Us
Returns and Credit
Sales Tax Transactional Notices
Security and Privacy
Tax Exempt
Helpful Links
Other Suggested Searches
Did you mean:
No results found.
Results 1 - 10 of 48
Contact Us
Contact Us Online: Just fill out our online contact us form .   Contact Us By Phone:   Toll-Free: 800-875-8480 International Orders: 402-331-6800 Monday-Friday 7AM-9PM CST Saturday-Sunday...
Returns and Credit
If you have received items that you are not satisfied with, please Contact Us . Return Policy:  Requests must be made within 90 days of receipt of order. Customer Service must authorize refunds...
Sales Tax Transactional Notices
Security and Privacy
Oriental Trading understands that you want to know what we do with information about you and your credit card information. Our Privacy/Security Policy describes how we collect, use, share and protect...
Tax Exempt
Do you qualify for tax-exempt status? If so, we need a copy of your current tax-exempt certificate or resale certificate, along with your account number or your most recent order number. Please email...
International and Canadian Orders
International Order International orders have certain requirements and restrictions as they relate to product safety, compliance, customs, shipping, and export restrictions.  Please visit our...
Web Accessibility
Oriental Trading is commited to ensuring that people with disabilities have a full and equal opportunity to enjoy our goods, services, and facilities. We are engaged in ongoing efforts to implement...
Remove from Oriental Trading mailing list
We select names for our catalog mailing list months in advance so the addresses can be prepared for Postal Service requirements. Please understand that you may receive some additional catalogs due to...
Downloading an Order Form
Click here to download the Order Form and mail your completed order form in an envelope, including credit card information, money order, cashier's check or personal check imprinted with current...
Request Oriental Trading Catalog
Click here to request your catalog(s). You can also request our catalogs by phone at 1-800-875-8480.
Previous
1
2
3
…
5
Next