http://osoq.com/about/terms-privacy.html
Home
/
Terms & Privacy
Terms
Please read the following terms of use carefully before using Osoq.com website. Osoq.com including its successors and assigners operates the web site Osoq.com. You can only use the site complying with the following terms and conditions. Osoq.com reserves the right to modify these Terms of Use at any time without prior notice to you. Please visit this page frequently to scan the terms. If you do not agree to any changes of these Terms of Use you should not continue to use the site.
Use of the Site
By accepting these Terms of Use, you certify that you are 18 years of age or older. If you are under the age of 18 but at least 13 years of age you may use this site only under the supervision of a parent or legal guardian who agrees to be bound by the Terms of Use. If you do not agree to any of these terms and conditions, do not use the site. All billing and registration information must be truthful. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and all activities that occur under your account or password. By confirming your purchase at the end of the checkout process, you agree to accept and pay for the item(s) requested. Osoq.com reserves the right to refuse service, terminate accounts or cancel orders.
Site Security
You are prohibited from violating the security of the site, including:
1. Accessing data not intended for purchase or logging onto a server or an account which you are not authorized to access;
2. Attempting to test the vulnerability of a system or network or to breach security or authentication measures;
3. Attempt to interfere with service to any user, host or network, including submitting a virus to the site, spamming;
Violations of system or network security may result in criminal or civil liability. You agree not to use any device, software or routine to interfere with the proper working of the site.
Site Content
All content included on the site is the property of Osoq.com and protected by United States and international copyright laws. The compilation of all content on the site is the exclusive property of Osoq.com. You can not use any site content owned by Osoq.com for any reason other than purchasing products from the site before approved by Osoq.com.
Privacy
Osoq.com is committed to honoring and protecting your privacy while at the same time providing you with a first rate on-line and shopping experience. We make every effort to protect the security of your personal information. Our Web site is hosted on a secure server. Any personal information that you provide is encrypted so that no-one can read it while it is being transmitted over the internet.
Customer satisfaction is our main goal. We are ensuring your privacy as a customer. When you place an online order, we may collect the following information: name, address, phone number, e-mail address, and credit card information.
We understand your concern about credit card security and we have provided the ability to encrypt your transactions using our Secured Sockets Layer (SSL), ensuring that your information remains private, protected, and secure. This means that your name, address, credit card numbers and any other information you provide through our SSL, cannot be read by anyone else. This way you can rest assured that your credit card information is safe and protected.
General: This Agreement represents the complete agreement between you and Osoq.com and supersedes any prior agreements and representations between you and Osoq.com. If any provision of this Agreement is not enforceable for any reason, such provision shall be reformed only to the extent necessary to make it enforceable and the other terms of this Agreement shall remain in full force.
Oh So Cute!
Help
Contact Us
How to Order
Drawing Samples
Faq
Picture Sizes
About Printing
Turnaround Time
More...
Info
About Us
Terms & Privacy
Copyright