http://outdoorplay.com/terms-conditions
Support Contact Us
FAQs
Price Match Guarantee
Returns & Warranty
Shipping Rates Shop With Confidence Subscribe Paying With AffirmCompanyAffiliatesOur StoryPrivacy & SecurityTerms & ConditionsTerms & Conditions If you experience problems making a payment through the website please check you have entered your email address, your name, address and particularly your postcode correctly. If you get an error stating your transaction was not authorized we suggest you contact your card issuer. If this still does not resolve the problem please call Customer Service at 800-994-4327. When confirmation of order is received, this is to indicate that we have received your order. It does not indicate that a contract exists between us. We will indicate acceptance of your order when full payment has been received by us and hence a contract between us. Your Invoice will be emailed or included with the goods and you can always access a copy by contacting Customer Service. We have included this term to protect us in the case that a mistake has been made in pricing, we have inadvertently under-priced goods, or we are no longer able to supply a particular product for some reason. In the case of a price increase, we will always contact you first to ensure that the price is acceptable. All prices are displayed on our web site excluding all taxes and excluding shipping. Taxes and shipping will be added as appropriate to the items in your shopping cart and the total displayed before you check out.Shipping And Handling: Shipping is calculated based on the weight of the items in your order. To find out exact delivery charges just add goods to the basket and then click Checkout, select destination and the delivery charge will be displayed before any order is confirmed. If the order is for delivery outside the United States, you will be responsible for taxes, duties and compliance with regulations and import restrictions applicable in the country or territory of delivery. We advise verifying this in advance with the relevant local authority. We cannot accept responsibility for any delay or loss resulting from action by local customs or government authority. We will email you to advise when your order has been fulfilled and this email will either contain shipment tracking information or you will receive this information soon after by email directly from our courier. Goods are supplied subject to conditions of sale. We do not relinquish title of these goods until payment is received in full.Delivery Schedule: Where possible orders are dispatched next day when in stock via your selected delivery service (or one of equivalent speed and service) to a continental United States addresses when an order is received before 12pm PST. If goods are placed on back order we will inform you. You must inform us within two business days if the goods are lost or damaged in transit so that we can make a prompt claim against the delivery company and correct the problem. Please quote your order number in all correspondence. You agree that proof of delivery supplied by our delivery company is sufficient evidence to establish that goods have been received.Individual Product Terms & Conditions : By accepting these terms and conditions you also accept any individual product terms and conditions. Please see product page for more information. Credit Card Security When the order is placed at our website, credit card numbers are encrypted using SSL encryption our staff are unable to view your card details.Guarantee: Goods that are received damaged or faulty will be replaced. Please notify us immediately by email or phone if you find the goods damaged upon receipt.Reaching Us: If you need to reach us, please use our Contact Us form, alternatively, you can call toll free on 800-994-4327, or write to us at Outdoorplay, Inc. 3459 Guignard Drive, Hood River, OR 97031.Privacy Policy: We do not disclose buyers’ information to third parties other than when order details are processed as part of the order fulfilment. In this case, the third party will not disclose any of the details to any other third party.