https://owi.com/privacy/index.php
PRIVACY
Old World Industries, LLC Legal Notices
General Privacy Policy
California Residents (CCPA)
PRIVACY POLICY
Last Modified: January 1, 2020
Introduction
Old World
Industries, LLC (“Old World,” “Company” or
“We”) respect your privacy and are committed to protecting
it through our compliance with this policy.
The information
you share with us allows us to provide the products and services you
need and want while giving you the best experience.
Our Policy
outlines:
How and
why we collect your personal information;
How your
personal information is used and protected;
When and
with whom we share your personal information; and
What
choices you can make about how we collect, use, and share your
personal information.
This Policy
applies to Old World Industries, LLC and any of its affiliate
companies unless such company has adopted a separate privacy policy.
What
Does this Privacy Policy Include?
This Policy
covers how and why we collect, use, share, and protect your personal
information:
On our
websites and mobile services where this Policy is posted;
In email,
text, and other electronic messages between you and our websites;
When you
interact with our advertising and applications on third-party
websites and services, if those applications or advertising include
links to this policy;
Through
mobile and desktop applications you download from our websites,
which provide non-browser-based interaction between you and our
websites; and
Submitted
by you to us through any communications (electronic or otherwise,
including by mail or phone) regarding our products or services, such
as rebate programs or warranty claim submissions.
Personal
information is information that identifies you or reasonably can be
linked to information that identifies you.
What
Type of Information Do We Collect and How Do We Collect It?
We collect two
types of information: (1) information we receive from you and (2)
information we receive from others.
Information we receive from you
includes information you share with us, such as when you submit a
“Contact Us” request through our websites.
This also includes
information you provide us through technology, such as through a
cookie placed on your computer when you visit our websites.
We also
receive information from other sources to help us supplement our
records, improve the personalization of our service to you, and
detect fraud.
Our goal is to limit the information we collect to the
information needed to support our business.
We collect
information to deliver the products and services you request and to
help improve your overall experience with Old World and our various
products and services.
We collect information from you in a variety
of ways when you interact with our websites and mobile services, and
when you submit personal information to us when we interact with you
during our promotions or at trade shows.
Information
You Provide to Us
You share
information with us in various ways at trade shows, promotional
events or on our websites.
For example, you share information when
you:
Make an
online purchase or other transaction with us or through third-party
vendors acting on our behalf;
Request
customer service or contact us (through our websites or otherwise);
Participate
in our programs, such as product warranty registration;
Post a
review or comment on our social media pages, or post a rating,
review or other user-generated content on one of our websites or
mobile services;
Participate
in a rebate, contest, sweepstake, promotion, or survey;
Create an
account on one of our websites or mobile services; or
Use
features of our websites and mobile services that may ask you to
grant us access to the camera or microphone on your computer or
mobile device (such as voice search).
When you engage
in these activities, you may share different types of personal
information with us, such as your name, email address, physical or
postal address, phone number, or date of birth. When you contact us
by phone, your call may be monitored or recorded and you are notified
of such at the time of your call.
You also may
provide information to be published or displayed on public areas of
our websites or social media pages or transmitted to other users of
our websites or third parties. Your user contributions are posted on
and transmitted to others at your own risk. Although we may limit
access to certain pages, please be aware that no security measures
are perfect or impenetrable. Additionally, we cannot control the
actions of other users of our websites with whom you may choose to
share your user contributions. Therefore, we cannot and do not
guarantee that your user contributions will not be viewed by
unauthorized persons.
Information We
Collect Through Automatic Data Collection Technologies
You also provide
us information in other ways through technology.
Some of this
information may be linked to you personally.
This information helps
our websites and mobile services work correctly and supports our
customer marketing and analytics efforts – our work to understand
our customers’ needs and provide information about our products and
services.
Below are a few examples:
Device
Information: We collect technical information when you visit our
websites or use our mobile applications or services.
This includes
information such as Internet Protocol (IP) address, the type of
mobile device you use, your device operating system and browser
type, a unique device identifier, the address of referring websites,
the path you take through our websites, and other information about
your session on our websites.
Browsing Information: We use our own and third-party
technologies such as cookies, web beacons, and mobile device
identifiers to collect information about the use of our websites and
mobile services.
We use these tools to provide an integrated and
more personalized experience for you.
For example: cookies enable
us to provide you relevant information as you use or return to our
sites; web beacons allow us to know if a certain page was visited,
an email was opened, or if ad banners on our websites and other
sites were effective.
See “What are Your Choices?”
below for more information.
How
Do We Use Your Information?
We use
information that we collect about you or that you provide to us,
including any personal information to provide you products and
services, such as to fulfill your requests for products or to help us
personalize our offerings to you.
We also use personal information
to support our business functions, such as fraud prevention,
marketing, and legal functions.
Some examples include:
To present
our websites and their contents to you;
To provide
you with information, products, or services that you request from
us;
To
administer contests, sweepstakes, promotions, rebates, and surveys;
To provide
customer services and alert you to product information, including
recalls;
To help us
personalize our service offerings, websites, mobile services, and
advertising;
To send
you information about our products, services, and promotions;
To respond
to reviews, comments, or other feedback you provide us;
To protect
the security and integrity of our websites, mobile services, and our
business;
To carry
out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any
contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and
collection;
In any
other way we may describe when you provide the information; and
For any
other purpose with your consent.
How
Do We Share Your Personal Information?
We will not sell
or rent your personal information, except in the event all or a part
of our business is merged, sold or reorganized.
We may share your
personal information in limited circumstances, such as to conduct our
business, for other companies to offer you and administer your use of
co-branded products or services, when legally required, or with your
consent.
We will not share
your personal information outside of our corporate family of
companies (companies owned or controlled by Old World Industries
Holdings, LLC), except in the following circumstances:
Service
Providers
We share personal
information about you with contractors, service providers, and other
third parties that help with our business activities.
Some examples
include logistics providers, billing and refund vendors, payment card
processors, IT providers that help us administer our systems and
websites, temporary and agency workers that perform business
functions for us, marketing vendors, and companies that help us
improve our products and services.
We require our service providers
to keep your personal information secure.
We do not allow our
service providers to use or share your personal information for any
purpose other than providing services on our behalf.
Your personal
information may be stored and processed by our service providers in
the United States or other locations where the service providers
maintain facilities.
Legal
Requirements and Protection of Our Company and Others
We may share your
personal information in other special circumstances, which include
situations when sharing is required by law, or we believe sharing
will help protect the safety, property, or rights of Old World, our
customers, our employees, or other persons.
Examples include:
Protecting
the health or safety of our customers;
Identifying
and addressing fraud or financial risk;
Sharing
your information with outside counsel for legal advice regarding
your product or warranty claim or other issue;
Responding
to a search warrant or other valid legal inquiry;
Responding
to an investigative body in the case of a breach of an agreement or
violation of law.
Business
Transfers
In the event that
all or a part of our business is merged, sold, or reorganized
(including transfers made as a part of insolvency or bankruptcy
proceedings), personal information about you could be shared with the
successor business.
We will use reasonable measures to help ensure
that any successor treats your information in accordance with this
Policy.
With Your
Consent
In any
circumstance other than those described above, we will ask for your
affirmative consent before we share your personal information outside
of our corporate family of companies, and we also will not sell or
rent your personal information.
What
are Your Choices?
We strive to
provide you with choices regarding your personal information that we
collect, use and share.
We have created mechanisms to provide you
with the following control over your information:
Tracking
Technologies and Advertising.
You can set your browser to
refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are
being sent.
If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some
parts of our websites may then be inaccessible or not function
properly.
Marketing
Communications. If you do not wish to have your email address or
contact information used by us to promote our own or third parties’
products or services, you can opt-out by checking the relevant box
located on the form on which we collect your data or at any other
time by clicking the “unsubscribe” button located at the bottom
of all of our marketing emails, or by sending us an email stating
your request at info@owi.com.
If you contact us, please be sure to include your full name, the
types of communications you would like to receive or not receive,
and your related contact information.
Please allow sufficient time
for your marketing preferences to be processed.
Please note that
while we will unsubscribe you from future marketing communications,
we still may need to contact you regarding your transaction, such as
to provide you with warranty or recall information, or for
information regarding your transaction.
Since we do not accept
opt-out requests from third parties, please communicate your request
directly to us through one of the mechanisms mentioned above.
Interest-Based
Advertising Preferences. We personalize your experience on our
sites and mobile services by showing you advertisements that are
tailored to your interests.
We show you advertisements related to
Old World products.
We belong to ad networks that may use your
browsing history across participating websites and mobile services
to show you interest-based advertisements.
You may also see ads for
Old World’s products on participating websites and mobile services
based on how you browse.
We do not share personal information about
you with companies that advertise on our websites without your
consent.
You can opt out of receiving targeted ads from members of
the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) on NAI’s website:
www.optout.networkadvertising.org.
Mobile
Location Settings. Some of our mobile services may use your
device’s location information.
You can adjust the location
settings of your mobile device at any time to control whether your
device communicates this information.
You will also need to adjust
your device’s Bluetooth settings to completely disable the
collection of Bluetooth location-related data.
See your device’s
instructions to learn more about these settings.
In addition, we
may offer you controls on our use of mobile location information.
Device
Camera and Microphone. Some of the features on our websites and
mobile services may require access to the camera or microphone on
your computer or mobile device.
You must give your permission
before we access your device’s camera or microphone, and you can
adjust the settings of your device at any time to control access to
your camera or microphone.
How
Do You Access and Update Your Personal Information?
You can access or
update your personal information, including contact or account
information, in the following ways:
If you
have created an account on one of our websites, log into your
account.
Once you do, you will be able to enter and update your own
contact information and payment information (if applicable).
Contact us
through one of the ways listed in the “Who Can I Contact About
the Privacy Policy?” section at the bottom of this Policy.
Please include your current contact information, the information you
are interested in accessing, and your requested changes.
We will
provide you the personal information requested if it is reasonably
available, unless it infringes on the privacy of other individuals,
and subject to reasonable limitations provided by law and internal
procedures.
Otherwise we will describe the types of information we
typically collect.
We will provide access and make the changes you
request or will provide an explanation of what actions we will be
able to take with regard to the request.
How
Do We Secure Your Personal Information?
We have
implemented measures designed to secure your personal information
from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration,
and disclosure.
The safety and
security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given
you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts
of our websites, you are responsible for keeping this password
confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone. We
urge you to be careful about giving out information in public areas
of our websites like message boards or on our social media pages. The
information you share in public areas may be viewed by any user of
our websites or social media platforms.
Unfortunately,
the transmission of information via the internet is not completely
secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information,
we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information
transmitted to our websites. Any transmission of personal information
is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any
privacy settings or security measures contained on our websites.
How
Does Old World Protect the Privacy of Children Online?
Old World’s
general audience websites and mobile services are not directed to
children under the age of 16 and do not knowingly collect personal
information from children under the age of 16.
If you are under 16,
do not use or provide any information on our websites and do not
provide us with any information about yourself, including your name,
address, telephone number, email address or any screen name or user
name you may use.
If we learn we have collected or received personal
information from a child under 16 without verification of parental
consent, we will delete that information.
If you believe we might
have any information from or about a child under 16, please contact
us as directed under the “Who Can I Contact About the Privacy
Policy” section below.
What Are Your California Privacy Rights?
If you are a
California resident, California law may provide you with additional
rights regarding our use of your personal information.
To learn more
about your California privacy rights, visit our Privacy Notice for
California Residents, which may be found at
www.owi.com/privacy
.
California’s
“Shine the Light” law (Civil Code Section § 1798.83) permits
users of our websites that are California residents to request
certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information
to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a
request, please send an email to the contact listed below under the
“Who Can I Contact About the Privacy Policy?” section
below.
What
Are Your GDPR Privacy Rights?
If you are a data
subject of the European Union, as defined under the General Data
Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) of the European
Parliament (“GDPR”), you may have additional rights regarding of
use of your personal information and your access to and rights
regarding your personal information.
If you have any requests
relating to such rights, please contact us with your request under
the “Who Can I Contact About the Privacy Policy” section
below, and we will address your concern.
Who
Can I Contact About the Privacy Policy?
To ask questions
or comments about this Policy and our privacy practices, please
contact us at:
Old World
Industries, LLC
3100 Sanders Road, Suite 500
Northbrook,
Illinois 60062
Attn: Office of the Chief Legal Officer
Email:
rstevens@owi.com
Phone:
(847) 559-2224 or (847) 559-2007
How
Will I Know if this Policy Changes?
The Policy may
change from time to time.
Please check our Privacy Policy
periodically for changes.
We will provide additional notice by
emailing you at the email address that you provided of any material
updates.
We will post the date our Policy was last updated at the
top of the Privacy Policy.
PRIVACY NOTICE FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
Last Modified: January 1, 2020
Introduction
This Privacy
Notice for California Residents supplements the information
contained in Old World Industries’ general Privacy Policy and its
Employee Privacy Policy and applies solely to those who reside in the
State of California (“consumers” or “you”).
We adopt this
notice to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018
(CCPA) and any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when
used in this Notice.
This Notice
applies to Old World Industries, LLC and any of its affiliate
companies.
The CCPA
temporarily provides an exemption for the application of certain
provisions regarding employment-related personal information
collected from California-based employees, job applicants,
contractors or similar individuals (“Employee Exemption”)
and personal information reflecting a written or verbal
business-to-business communication (“B2B personal information”).
Accordingly, this Notice only applies to the extent of the currently
applicable provisions of the CCPA and your rights may be different if
you fall under either of these exemptions.
Information
We Collect
We collect
information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is
reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be
linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer,
household, or device (“personal information”). Personal
information does not include:
Publicly
available information from government records.
Deidentified
or aggregated consumer information.
Information
excluded from the CCPA’s scope, like:
health or
medical information covered by the Health Insurance Portability and
Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) and the California
Confidentiality of Medical Information Act (CMIA) or clinical trial
data;
personal
information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws,
including the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA), the
Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) or California Financial Information
Privacy Act (FIPA), and the Driver’s Privacy Protection Act of
1994.
In particular, we
have collected the following categories of personal information from
its consumers within the last twelve (12) months:
Category
Examples
Collected
A. Identifiers.
A real name, alias, postal
address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet
Protocol address, email address, account name, Social Security
number, driver’s license number, passport number, or other
similar identifiers.
YES
B. Personal information
categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal.
Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
A name, signature, Social
Security number, physical characteristics or description, address,
telephone number, passport number, driver’s license or state
identification card number, insurance policy number, education,
employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card
number, debit card number, or any other financial information,
medical information, or health insurance information.
Some personal information
included in this category may overlap with other categories.
YES
C. Protected classification
characteristics under California or federal law.
Age (40 years or older), race,
color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed,
marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability,
sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression,
pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual
orientation, veteran or military status, genetic information
(including familial genetic information).
YES*
D. Commercial information.
Records of personal property,
products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other
purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
YES
E. Biometric information.
Genetic, physiological,
behavioral, and biological characteristics, or activity patterns
used to extract a template or other identifier or identifying
information, such as, fingerprints, faceprints, and voiceprints,
iris or retina scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns,
and sleep, health, or exercise data.
YES*
F. Internet or other similar
network activity.
Browsing history, search history,
information on a consumer’s interaction with a website,
application, or advertisement.
YES
G. Geolocation data.
Physical location or movements.
YES
H. Sensory data.
Audio, electronic, visual,
thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
YES
I. Professional or
employment-related information.
Current or past job history or
performance evaluations.
YES*
J. Non-public education
information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20
U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)).
Education records directly
related to a student maintained by an educational institution or
party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class
lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student
financial information, or student disciplinary records.
YES*
K. Inferences drawn from other
personal information.
Profile reflecting a person’s
preferences, characteristics, psychological trends,
predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and
aptitudes.
NO
*These categories
of information are only collected (when applicable) from our
employees, job applicants, or contractors.
These categories of
information are not collected from consumers.
We obtain the
categories of personal information listed above from the following
categories of sources:
Directly
from you.
For example, when you complete a rebate form, submit a
product claim, or submit a “contact us” request on our website.
Indirectly
from you.
For example, from observing your actions on our websites.
For more
information, please see Old World’s Privacy Policy in the section
entitled, “What Type of Information Do We Collect and How Do We
Collect It?”
Use
of Personal Information
For information
on how we use your personal information, please see Old World’s
Privacy Policy in the section entitled, “How Do We Use Your
Information?”
Sharing
Personal Information
We will not sell
or rent your personal information, except in the event all or a part
of our business is merged, sold or reorganized.
Old World has not
sold or rented any personal information in the past 12 months.
For more
information on how we share your personal information, please see Old
World’s Privacy Policy in the section entitled, “How Do We Share
Your Personal Information?”
The following are
categories of third parties with whom we may share your personal
information for a business purpose:
Service
providers;
Data
aggregators;
Advertisers;
Affiliates;
Partners;
Parent of
subsidiary organizations;
Social
media companies;
Internet
cookie data recipients, like Google Analytics.
Disclosures of
Personal Information for a Business Purpose
In the preceding
12 months, we have disclosed the following categories of personal
information for a business purpose:
Category
A: Identifiers;
Category
B: California Customer Records personal information categories;
*Category
C: Protected classification characteristics under California or
federal law;
Category
D: Commercial information;
*Category
E: Biometric Information;
Category
F: Internet or other similar network activity;
+Category
G: Geolocation data;
+Category
H: Sensory data;
*Category
I: Professional or employment-related information;
*Category
J: Non-public education information;
*These categories
of personal information are only collected for our employees, job
applicants and contractors, if applicable, and are only shared with
service providers, data aggregators, affiliates and parent and
subsidiary organizations.
+These categories
of personal information are only disclosed (if applicable) to provide
further services to you, such as a mobile application that allows you
to find a location nearest to you, or a voice-activated option on an
application.
Your
Rights and Choices
The CCPA provides
consumers (California residents) with specific rights regarding their
personal information. This section describes your CCPA rights and
explains how to exercise those rights.
Please note that
for employees and B2B personal information, the following rights are
currently exempt from the CCPA and may not apply to you.
You are
welcome to contact us and we will use commercially reasonable efforts
to address your concerns, but we cannot assure you of strict
compliance with the rights and choices articulated below.
Access to
Specific Information and Data Portability Rights
You have the
right to request that we disclose certain information to you about
our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12
months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request
(see Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights), we
will disclose to you:
The
categories of personal information we collected about you.
The
categories of sources for the personal information we collected
about you.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting that personal
information.
The
categories of third parties with whom we share that personal
information.
The
specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also
called a data portability request).
If we
disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, we will
identify the personal information categories that each category of
recipient obtained.
Deletion
Request Rights
You have the
right to request that we delete any of your personal information that
we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions.
Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see
Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights), we will
delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal
information from our records, unless an exception applies.
We may deny your
deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or
our services provider(s) to:
Complete
the transaction for which we collected the personal information,
provide a good or service that you requested, take actions
reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business
relationship with you, fulfill the terms of a written warranty or
product recall conducted in accordance with federal law, or
otherwise perform our contract with you.
Detect
security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive,
fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for
such activities.
Debug
products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended
functionality.
Exercise
free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their
free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.
Comply
with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal.
Penal Code § 1546 et. seq.).
Engage in
public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical
research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable
ethics and privacy laws, when the information’s deletion may
likely render impossible or seriously impair the research’s
achievement, if you previously provided informed consent.
Enable
solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer
expectations based on your relationship with us.
Comply
with a legal obligation.
Make other
internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible
with the context in which you provided it.
Exercising
Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights
To
exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described
above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by phone or
email directed to the following:
Old World
Industries, LLC
3100 Sanders Road, Suite 500
Northbrook,
Illinois 60062
Attn: Office of the Chief Legal Officer
Email:
rstevens@owi.com
Phone:
(847) 559-2224 or (847) 559-2007
If
you use any of our services that require you to form an account with
us, you can access your information in the profile section of the
website or mobile application.
You may also request to delete your
personal information if there is a “contact us” feature located
with your specific web portal or mobile application.
Only
you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a
verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You
may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor
child.
You
may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data
portability twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer
request must:
Provide
sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are
the person about whom we collected personal information or an
authorized representative; and
Describe
your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly
understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We
cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal
information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make
the request and confirm the personal information relates to you.
We
will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer
request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the
request.
Response
Timing and Format
We
endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within 45 days
of its receipt. If we require more time, we will inform you of the
reason and extension period in writing.
If
you have an account with us, we will deliver our written response to
that account. If you do not have an account with us, we will deliver
our written response by mail or electronically, at your option.
Any
disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding
the verifiable consumer request’s receipt. The response we provide
will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if
applicable. For data portability requests, we will select a format to
provide your personal information that is readily useable and should
allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another
entity without hindrance.
We
do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer
request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded.
If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why
we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before
completing your request.
Personal
Information Sales Opt-Out and Opt-In Rights
Old
World is not in the business of selling or renting personal
information, does not intend to sell or rent personal information,
and has not in the past 12 months sold or rented any of your personal
information.
Accordingly, we do not have a mechanism to opt out as
we do not sell personal information.
Non-Discrimination
We
will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA
rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
Deny
you goods or services.
Charge
you different prices or rates for goods or services, including
through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
Provide
you a different level or quality of goods or services.
Suggest
that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services
or a different level or quality of goods or services.
However,
we may offer you certain financial incentives permitted by the CCPA
that can result in
different prices, rates, or quality levels. Any CCPA-permitted
financial incentive we offer will reasonably relate to your personal
information’s value and contain written terms that describe the
program’s material aspects. Participation in a financial incentive
program requires your prior opt in consent, which you may revoke at
any time.
How
Will I Know if this Notice Changes?
The Notice may
change from time to time.
Please check our Notice periodically for
changes.
We will provide additional notice by emailing you at the
email address that you provided of any material updates.
We will
post the date our Notice was last updated at the top of the Notice.