http://paintremover.com/privacy-policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Shop By Brand
Smart Strip
Dumond
Watch Dog
Formby's
Peel Away
Safe 'N' Easy
Stoko
All Brands
Privacy Policy
Collection of Personal Information At PaintRemover.com, we appreciate and share your concern about your privacy and personal information. We take privacy very seriously and do everything in our power to ensure that any information you share with us remains confidential. We are committed to using the latest and most efficient technology to protect your personal information.
Information Collected
We do collect certain types of information for internal use. These include, but are not limited to, information on products browsed, merchandise chosen, specific pages visited, IP addresses, links used and cookie data. All of this information and data is securely maintained and stored in our security-protected databases. This information helps us to analyze consumer buying patterns to ensure that our site offers products and services with you your specific demographics, likes, and dislikes in mind. We may use your Internet Protocol (IP) address to help identify you and provide you with valuable purchasing information. This makes shopping much easier and quicker.Each time you place an order with us, we collect information such as your name, address, billing information, ship-to address, telephone number, email address and credit card information. In the process of filling your order, when required, we do share this information with certain outside parties such as credit card processors, shipping carriers, distribution centers, product manufacturers and drop ship vendors.PaintRemover.com collects personal information and securely retains it strictly to be used to confirm, process, and ship your order, as well as provide you with valuable promotions and money saving offers. During the ordering process you may be sent various emails in order to confirm your order, confirm that the method of payment you chose has been approved and provide you with a tracking information number once your order has been shipped. Moreover, you may receive additional emails regarding your order as well as special promotions and offers by PaintRemover.com and our marketing partners. We want you to have a wonderful shopping experience.
Cookies:
We never use cookies to store sensitive personal information like customer names, addresses, use name, passwords, credit card numbers or bank account numbers. If you object to enabling cookies on your browser or are otherwise unable to use cookies, but would like to purchase an item from our website, call Customer Service toll free to place your order. All information you provide over the telephone to our sales representatives is likewise subject to our Privacy Policy.
Consent:
When you use our website, you acknowledge your approval for us to keep you advised of special sales, promotions, discounts and money saving offers from PaintRemover.com and/ or our marketing partners. All information you provide to us is completely voluntary, and when you visit any of our web pages or register online for our newsletters, our special offers, sales promotions and our sale alerts, we may ask for demographic information, such as the number of people in your household, your age, gender, occupation, product likes and dislikes, educational background and professional background. At times we may append any information that we have on file about you with other information from our related businesses, marketing partners or other companies and affiliates. This will better provide you with offers and marketing programs tailored to our specific demographics and save you money on your online purchases.
Unsubscribe or Opting Out
If for any reason whatsoever you do not desire to receive correspondence from us or you do not want us to provide any information as outlined in our Privacy Policy, please send an email to optout@paintremover.com with 'UNSUBSCRIBE' in the subject line.
OUR PRODUCTS
Paint Removers
Paint Removal Accessories
Deck Refinishing
Specialty Removers
Graffiti
Cleaners
Sale
BRANDS
CUSTOMER SERVICE
Ordering & Shipping
Frequently Asked Questions
How To Remove Paint Blog
COMPANY INFORMATION
About Us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
ACCOUNT
Register
Login
CONNECT
Sign Up & Save @
Facebook f
Twitter t
QUESTIONS?
Speak with an experienced professional who will understand your application requirements and recommend the right product!
(800) 315-0204
© Copyright 2017. PaintRemover.com. All Rights Reserved
Site Map
Privacy Policy
Save over $69 now on our environmentally friendly paint remover package including Peel Away 7 1-Gallon and Smart Strip 1-Gallon for only $129.99 and you'll see great results!
PEEL AWAY® 7 is an environmentally safe paint remover used to remove oil and latex paint. Works well when removing paint from wood to be kept it's natural color after stripping. Should be used in all situations where you are looking to keep the wood in its natural form.
Smart Strip™ by Peel Away® removes 15 LAYERS OF PAINT IN ONE SINGLE APPLICATION. It is a unique paint remover that is 100% biodegradable, safe for the user, the surfaces to be stripped and the environment. Smart Strip™ by Peel Away® is very effective for removing multiple layers of paint, industrial coatings and architectural finishes from virtually all interior and exterior surfaces. Works wonders on painted brick, all kinds of wood products, metals, stone, plaster, concrete, fiberglass and much more! Great for Acrylic Paint, Latex Paint, Lead Based Paint, Oil Based Paint, Shellac, Stains, Urethane and Water Based Paints. Order Now and Save!