https://painbreak.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Info
Benefits
Pain Relief
Guarantee
Free Sample
Order PainBreak
Neuralgia Relief Options
Fibromyalgia
Neuropathy
Diabetic Neuropathy
Peripheral Neuropathy
Neuralgia
Postherpetic Neuralgia
Trigeminal Neuralgia
Blog
Contact Us
About Us
Media Relations
Privacy Policy
Neuralgia Relief Center
A New Approach To Managing Neuropathic Pain
Home
Info
Benefits
Pain Relief
Guarantee
Free Sample
Order PainBreak
Neuralgia Relief Options
Fibromyalgia
Neuropathy
Diabetic Neuropathy
Peripheral Neuropathy
Neuralgia
Postherpetic Neuralgia
Trigeminal Neuralgia
Blog
Contact Us
About Us
Media Relations
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy:
Painbreak.com ("Painbreak.com")
operates Painbreak.com and may operate other websites. It
is Painbreak.com's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect
while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Painbreak.com collects non-personally-identifying information of the
sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference,
referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Painbreak.com's purpose in
collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand
how Painbreak.com's visitors use its website. From time to
time, Painbreak.com may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by
publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Painbreak.com also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol
(IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on Painbreak.com
blogs/sites. Painbreak.com only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same
circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that
commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site
where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Painbreak.com's websites choose to interact
with Painbreak.com in ways that require Painbreak.com to gather
personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Painbreak.com gathers
depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at Painbreak.com to provide a
username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Painbreak.com are asked to
provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to
process those transactions. In each case, Painbreak.com collects such information only insofar as
is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with
Painbreak.com. Painbreak.com does not disclose personally-identifying information
other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with
the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Painbreak.com may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its
websites. Painbreak.com may display this information publicly or provide it to others.
However, Painbreak.com does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as
described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Painbreak.com discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information
only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information
in order to process it on Painbreak.com's behalf or to provide services available
at Painbreak.com's websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some
of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by
using Painbreak.com's websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to
them. Painbreak.com will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated
organizations, as described above, Painbreak.com discloses potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or
when Painbreak.com believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the
property or rights of Painbreak.com, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered
user of an Painbreak.com website and have supplied your email address, Painbreak.com
may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to
date with what's going on with Painbreak.com and our products. If you send us a request (for
example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us
clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Painbreak.com takes all
measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of
potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser
provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Painbreak.com uses cookies to
help Painbreak.com identify and track visitors, their usage of Painbreak.com
website, and their website access preferences. Painbreak.com visitors who do not wish to have
cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before
using Painbreak.com's websites, with the drawback that certain features
of Painbreak.com's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If Painbreak.com, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event
that Painbreak.com goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the
assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that
any acquirer of Painbreak.com may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this
policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies.
These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to
compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among
other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy
Policy covers the use of cookies by Painbreak.com and does not cover the use of cookies by any
advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Painbreak.com may change
its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Painbreak.com's sole
discretion. Painbreak.com encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to
its Privacy Policy. If you have a Painbreak.com account, you might also
receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in
this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Free Report
Free Sample
Terry Jones of Whitmore Lake, MI Writes:“I ordered the sample for my mother.
So far, after only a few days of using this product, my mother for the first time in over a year has relief from her conitnued daily pain.”
Post Herpetic Neuralgia Click Here Now
All Rights Reserved PainBreak.com | Copyright ©1998-2020 Unique Enterprises