https://paperlandmarks.com/pages/shop-policy
Search
Start typing to see products you are looking for.
Menu
Shop
All Kits
Beginner Kits
Intermediate Kits
Advanced Kits
Kits for Kids
Switch Currency
Pound Sterling
US Dollar
Euro
Fashion
Shop
Delivery
Faq
About
Commissions
Centrepieces
Bespoke kits
Stockists
Contact us
0
Wishlist
Login / Register
Shopping cart
Close
No products in the cart.
Return To Shop
Categories
All Kits
Beginner Kits
Intermediate Kits
Advanced Kits
Kits for Kids
There are alwayscertain rules to follow.
Learn how we guardyour privacy and rights.
Terms & Conditions
This page contains the terms & conditions. Please read these terms & conditions carefully before ordering any products from us. You should understand that by ordering any of our products, you agree to be bound by these terms & conditions.
By placing an order at PaperLandmarks, you warrant that you are at least 18 years old (or have parents' permission to buy from us) and accept these terms & conditions which shall apply to all orders placed or to be placed at PaperLandmarks for the sale and supply of any products. None of these terms & conditions affect your statutory rights. No other terms or changes to the terms & conditions shall be binding unless agreed in writing signed by us.
Personal Information We Collect
To fulfill your order, you must provide us with certain information (which you authorised Shopify to provide to us), such as your name, email address, postal address, telephone number, payment information, and the details of the product that you’re ordering. You may also choose to provide us with additional personal information (for a custom order, for example), if you contact us directly.
Why We Need Your Information and How We Use It
We rely on a number of legal bases to collect, use, and share your information, including:
as needed to provide our services, such as when we use your information to fulfil your order, to settle disputes, or to provide customer support;
when you have provided your affirmative consent, which you may revoke at any time, such as by signing up for our mailing list;
if necessary to comply with a legal obligation or court order or in connection with a legal claim, such as retaining information about your purchases if required by tax law; and
as necessary for the purpose of our legitimate interests, if those legitimate interests are not overridden by your rights or interests, such as 1) providing and improving our services. We use your information to provide the services you requested and in our legitimate interest to improve our services; and 2) Compliance with the Shopify Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. We use your information as necessary to comply with our obligations under the Shopify Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
Information about our customers is important to our business. We share your personal information for very limited reasons and in limited circumstances, as follows:
Shopify. We share information with Shopify as necessary to provide you our services and comply with our obligations under both the Shopify Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
Service providers. We engage certain trusted third parties to perform functions and provide services to our shop, such as delivery companies. We will share your personal information with these third parties, but only to the extent necessary to perform these services.
Klaviyo. We use Klaviyo services to manage our newsletter subscriptions. If you will wish to sign up, Klaviyo will record the email address, IP address, and timestamp associated with every subscriber or contact who completes and submits the subscription form.
Business transfers. If we sell or merge our business, we may disclose your information as part of that transaction, only to the extent permitted by law.
Compliance with laws. We may collect, use, retain, and share your information if we have a good faith belief that it is reasonably necessary to: (a) respond to legal process or to government requests; (b) enforce our agreements, terms and policies; (c) prevent, investigate, and address fraud and other illegal activity, security, or technical issues; or (d) protect the rights, property, and safety of our customers, or others.
Data Retention
We retain your personal information only for as long as necessary to provide you with our services and as described in our Privacy Policy. However, we may also be required to retain this information to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations, to resolve disputes, and to enforce my agreements. We generally keep your data for the following time period: 6 years.
Transfers of Personal Information Outside the EU
We may store and process your information through third-party hosting services in the US and other jurisdictions. As a result, we may transfer your personal information to a jurisdiction with different data protection and government surveillance laws than your jurisdiction. If we are deemed to transfer information about you outside of the EU, we rely on Privacy Shield as the legal basis for the transfer.
Your Rights
If you reside in certain territories, including the EU, you have a number of rights in relation to your personal information. While some of these rights apply generally, certain rights apply only in certain limited cases. We describe these rights below:
Access. You may have the right to access and receive a copy of the personal information we hold about you by contacting us using the contact information below.
Change, restrict, delete. You may also have rights to change, restrict our use of, or delete your personal information. Absent exceptional circumstances (like where we are required to store data for legal reasons) we will generally delete your personal information upon request.
Object. You can object to (i) our processing of some of your information based on our legitimate interests and (ii) receiving marketing messages from us after providing your express consent to receive them. In such cases, we will delete your personal information unless we have compelling and legitimate grounds to continue using that information or if it is needed for legal reasons.
Complain. If you reside in the EU and wish to raise a concern about our use of your information (and without prejudice to any other rights you may have), you have the right to do so with your local data protection authority.
Force Majeure
Events outside PaperLandmarks control, which is not reasonably foreseeable, shall be considered force majeure, meaning that PaperLandmarks is released from PaperLandmarks' obligations to fulfill contractual agreements. Example of such events are government action or omission, new or amended legislation, conflict, embargo, fire or flood, sabotage, accident, war, natural disasters, strikes or lack of delivery from suppliers. The force majeure also includes government decisions that affect the market negatively and products, for example, restrictions, warnings, ban, etc.
Disclaimer
Our products are not prepared, licensed, endorsed, approved or sponsored by any other entity, apart from Paperlandmarks Ltd or Foxetroo Ltd, if not stated otherwise. We are operating under the brands of PaperLandmarks, Foxetroo, Artyhills and Weijcke Packaging. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.
Payment
Our online retailer Shopify manages this shopping cart. Shopify accepts PayPal payments and all major credit cards. Along with a payment confirmation message, you will receive a receipt from us when the goods are dispatched (usually within 1-2 business days).
All products remain PaperLandmarks' property until full payment is made. The price applicable is that set at the date on which you place your order. Shipping costs and payment fees are recognized before confirming the purchase. If you are under 18 years old you must have parents' permission to buy from PaperLandmarks.
All transfers conducted through PaperLandmarks are handled and transacted through third party dedicated gateways to guarantee your protection. Card information is not stored and all card information is handled over SSL encryption. Please read the terms & conditions for the payment gateway chosen for the transaction as they are responsible for the transactions made.
Local Taxes
Please note that local charges (sales tax, customs duty) may occur, depending on your region and local customs duties. These charges are at the customers own expense.
Shipping
We are shipping from Cheltenham, United Kingdom via Royal Mail, using 1st Class SIGNED FOR (trackable) service for domestic orders and TRACKED & SIGNED or TRACKED service for international orders. Royal Mail aims to deliver our postings in 1-3 business days across the UK Mainland, international delivery takes 5-15 days: 3-5 business days within Europe, in 5-7 business days to USA & Canada and in 7-9 business days elsewhere; however, this is not guaranteed, international deliveries may exceed the expected delivery times due to different reasons.
For international orders 1-4 business day express shipping service is available, PaperLandmarks retain the right to choose the carrier (for example FedEx, TNT, UPS, DHL or other).
The shipping time is added to the processing time.
Returns & Refunds
Custom orders, including assembled PaperLandmarks models, can't be returned and refunded. All other orders can be returned at your expense. We will issue refund only if you return unopened kits in good quality within 30 days of receipt.
If your order comes back to us as unclaimed we will contact you and either resend it to you at an additional shipping fee or refund the item price. Shipping fee is not refundable.
We do our best to be quick and efficient at dispatching your order, we pack it with attention and care, we rely on our trusted shipping partners who deliver our shipments to you and we are happy when everything goes as planned. But if there is any issue with it, please let us know, there is always a way resolve it!
Cookie Policy
PaperLandmarks uses cookies according to the new Electronic Communications Act, which came into force on 25 July 2003. A cookie is a small text file stored on your computer that contains information that helps the website to identify and track the visitor. Cookies do no harm to your computer, consist only of text, can not contain viruses and occupies virtually no space on your hard drive. There are two types of cookies: "Session Cookies" and cookies that are saved permanently on your computer.
The first type of cookie commonly used is "Session Cookies". During the time you visit the website, our web server assigns your browser a unique identifier string so as not to confuse you with other visitors. A "Session Cookie" is never stored permanently on your computer and disappears when you close your browser. To use PaperLandmarks without troubles you need to have cookies enabled.
The second type of cookie saves a file permanently on your computer. This type of cookie is used to track how visitors move around on the website. This is only used to offer visitors better services and support. The text files can be deleted. On PaperLandmarks we use this type of cookie to keep track of your shopping cart and to keep statistics of our visitors. The information stored on your computer is only a unique number, without any connection to personal information.
Additional Information
PaperLandmarks reserves the right to amend any information, including but not limited to prices, technical specifications, terms of purchase and product offerings without prior notice. At the event of when a product is sold out, PaperLandmarks has the right to cancel the order and refund any amount paid in the best way. PaperLandmarks shall also notify the customer of equivalent replacement products if available.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns, contact us:
Paperlandmarks Ltd17 Mendip CloseCheltenham, GL52 5DSUnited Kingdom
Email: info@paperlandmarks.comPhone: +44 (0) 7707126391
×
Wishlist
Product
Price
Quantity
Options
#title#
#price#
×
×
Comparing box
Features
Availability:
Price
Options
Actions
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. By closing this banner, scrolling this page, clicking a link or continuing to browse otherwise, you agree to the use of cookies. Learn more
ACCEPT
$('form').submit(function(){
if ($('input#website').val().length != 0) {
return false;
}
});