https://paradiserobotics.com/privacy-policy
Shopping Cart
0 item(s) - $0.00
Your shopping cart is empty!
Welcome visitor you can login or create an account.
HomeWish List (0)My AccountShopping CartCheckout
Robots & More
Ambrogio Robot Mowers
Why Ambrogio Robot Mower?
Ambrogio Lawnbott Parts, Service & Repairs
Ambrogio LawnBott Parts/Accessories
Ambrogio LawnBott Troubleshooting
Robotic Lawn Mowers
Cordless Pool Cleaner: NemH20
Robot Pool Cleaners
EZPeg
NT60 CLH Precision Buried Wire Layer
NT60 CLH Parts
Zucchetti Robots
Auto Pet Care
Litter Robot Auto Cat Litter Box
Gadgets
Fun Gadgets
Practical Gadgets
Educators & Home Schoolers
By Category
By Grade
By Manufacturer
Gifted Education
Books & Curricula
Hobbyists & Engineers
New, Exciting & Interesting!
Books
Cables
Components
Controllers
Displays - LED/LCD/Matrix
Electronics Kits
Fans/Blowers/Heat Sinks
Lasers
Power Products
Prototyping
Robotics
Sewable Electronics
Storage Boxes
Artists & Crafters
3D Doodler Pens
Battery Holders
Conductive Paint
Craft Kits
EL Wire & Tape
LED Power Supplies
LEDs
Moving Butterflies
Photoluminescent Paper
Pigment
Sewable Electronics
Water Valves
Toys
By Gender
By Age
Made in USA
Nostalgic
Snap Circuits ™
Science & STEM
STEM for Girls
STEAM
Robotics
Building Toys
Remote Control
Games
Puzzles
Arts & Crafts
Figurines
Accessories
News
Forum
Home
» Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Your Privacy is Important to Us...
PRIVACY NOTICE
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for http://www.paradiserobotics.com and http://paradiserobotics.com.  This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this web site.  It will notify you of the following:
1. What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
2.     What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
3. The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
4. How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you.  We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
Certain suppliers with dealer networks require us to provide your contact information to them, but this will only occur after you make a purchase with us.  We will inform you at the time your purchase is completed and we will tell you the contact information of the dealer who will be supplied with the information. The dealer, in this case, is a territory owner and will be responsible for delivering the product to you.  The dealer may attempt to sell services to you.  You are not obligated to purchase any services from the dealer as a condition of product delivery.  We will not share your payment information with our supplier, the territory dealer or anyone else.  Do not hesitate to let us know if sharing your contact information with our supplier and/or the territory dealer is an issue and we will inform our supplier of your objection immediately.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us.  We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to (i.e. opt-out), we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about the following (including but not limited to): specials, new products or services, industry news, news about us, interesting stories, customer news or changes to this privacy policy.   These communications will be infrequent, no more than approximately once per month or at the time the information becomes available, if we feel it is urgent.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time.  You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Our contact information: Email: info@paradiserobotics.com  Telephone: (847) 960-8520
Security
We take precautions to protect your information.  When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way.  You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information.  The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Orders
We request information from you on our order form.  To buy from us, you must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date).  This information is used for billing purposes and to fill your orders.  If we have trouble processing an order, we'll use this information to contact you.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites.  We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information
Surveys & Contests
From time-to-time our site requests information via surveys or contests.  Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you may choose whether or not to participate and therefore disclose this information.  Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level).  Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes.  Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
Sharing
At times, we may partner with other parties to provide specific services. When you, the user, signs-up for or purchases these services, we share names, or other contact information that is necessary for the third party to provide these services.  These parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 847-960-8520 or via email.
Continue
Information
About Us
Dealer Information
Dealers Wanted!
Shipping & Availability
Robot Service & Repairs
Return Policy
Purchase Information - Educators
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Customer Service
Contact Us
Returns
Site Map
Extras
Brands
Gift Certificates
Affiliates
Specials
My Account
My Account
Order History
Wish List
Newsletter
Paradise Robotics © 2007-2020