https://parkseed.com/california-consumer-privacy-act/a/ccpa/
My Account
Sign In
Create Account
My Favorites
My Growing Zone
(
none
)
(
0
items
)
$0.00
Search
Thank you for visiting!We are open and are taking orders for spring shipping. Live plants will ship according to our Spring Shipping Schedule.
Article
California Residents California Consumer Privacy Act If you are a California resident, the information below also applies to you. Certain terms used in this section have the meanings given to them in the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”). Categories of Personal Information (PI) J&P Park Acquisitions, Inc. (“JPPA”) has collected from or about its Customers in the preceding 12 months
Identifiers (e.g. name, mailing address, email address, phone number, credit/debit card number) Commercial information (e.g. products or services purchased, purchase history) Audio, electronic, visual, or similar information (e.g. recording of customer service calls) Inferences drawn from any of the above (e.g. preferences or characteristics)
Categories of Sources from which JPPA has collected Personal Information about Customers (for more information, see the How is Your Information Collected section of this privacy policy).
JPPA branded websites (jacksonandperkins.com; parkseed.com; waysidegardens.com; vandykes.com) JPPA Customer Service call center Direct mail Payment processors
Business or Commercial purposes for which JPPA has collected or sold Personal Information about Customers in the preceding 12 months (for more information, see the How is Your Information Used section of this privacy policy).
Performing services, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing advertising or marketing services, providing analytics services, or providing similar services; Short-term, transient use, including, but not limited to, the contextual customization of ads shown as part of the same interaction; Detecting security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and prosecuting those responsible for that activity; Debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality; Undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration; and Undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of a service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by us, and to improve, upgrade, or enhance the service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by us.
Categories of Personal Information JPPA has sold about Customers in the preceding 12 months
JPPA does not sell the information above to third parties in exchange for money.
Categories of Personal Information JPPA has disclosed for a business purpose in the preceding 12 months
Identifiers (e.g. name, mailing address, email address, phone number, partial credit/debit card number) Commercial information (e.g. products or services purchased, purchase history)
Non-Discrimination JPPA will not discriminate against you because you exercise your rights. For example, JPPA will not deny you goods or services or charge you a different price or rate for goods or services if you make an access, deletion, or do not sell request. You have the following rights under the CCPA
The right to make requests as follows: Access Request (can make a request no more than twice in a 12-month period) – Request that JPPA disclose the following information
Categories of personal information (“PI”) we collected about you during the preceding 12 months Categories of sources from which PI is collected Business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling PI Specific pieces of PI we collected about you Categories of PI JPPA has sold about you Categories of third parties to whom the PI was sold Categories of PI disclosed about you for a business purpose Categories of third parties to whom PI was disclosed for a business purpose
Deletion Request
Request JPPA delete PI that we collected from you
Do Not Sell My Info
Request JPPA opt you out of the sale of your PI
Submit Requests
To submit a request use the phone numbers or links below or email CustomerPrivacy@parkseed.com. Please include your name, phone number and your request in the body of the email. Access Requests
Contact JPPA Customer Relations at 1-888-521-1995 or click this link. Deletion Requests
Contact JPPA Customer Relations at 1-888-521-1995 or click this link. Do Not Sell My Info Requests Click this link. Please allow up to 45 days for a response for any of the above requests. California Shine the Light If you are a California resident and have an established business relationship with us, you can request a notice disclosing the categories of personal information we have shared with third parties, for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes, during the preceding calendar year. To request a notice, please submit your request to JPPA, Attn: California Shine the Light Inquiry, 3507 Cokesbury Road, Hodges, SC 29653. Please allow 30 days for a response.
Thank you for visiting!We are open and are taking orders for spring shipping. Live plants will ship according to our Spring Shipping Schedule.