https://partylights.com/privacy-security
Search
Shop Categories
String Lights
All String Lights
Shop by Socket Size
All Shop by Socket Size
Medium Base String Lights
C9 Base String Lights
C7 Base String Lights
Commercial Grade Outdoor String Lights
LED String Lights
Globe String Lights
Vintage String Lights
Bulk Reel String Lighting
Pendant Lighting
Guide Wires, Dimmers & Timers
LED Lighting
All LED Lighting
LED String Lights
LED Replacement Bulbs
LED Mini Lights
LED Rope Lighting
LED Low Voltage Lightstar Bulk Reels
Cords Only
All Cords Only
Shop by Socket Size
All Shop by Socket Size
Medium / E26 Base Cords
C9 / E17 / Intermediate Base Cords
C7 / E12 / Candelabra Base Cords
Commercial Grade Cords
Standard Grade Cords
Custom Length Cords
Bulk Reel Cords
ETL & UL Listed Cords
Pendant Cords
Bulbs Only
All Bulbs Only
Shop by Socket Size
All Shop by Socket Size
Medium / E26 Base Bulbs
C9 / E17 / Intermediate Base Bulbs
C7 / E12 / Candelabra Base Bulbs
LED Bulbs
Incandescent Bulbs
Vintage, Edison-style Bulbs
Mini Lights
All Mini Lights
LED Mini Lights
Incandescent Mini Lights
Fairy Lights
Battery-Operated Mini Lights
Solar Mini String Lights
Rope Lights
All Rope Lights
LED Rope Lights - Bulk Reels
Rope Light Sets - LED & Incandescent
Lanterns
All Lanterns
Paper & Nylon Chinese Lanterns
Lighting Kits for Paper & Nylon Lanterns
Novelty Party Lights
All Novelty Party Lights
Beach & Leisure Party Lights
Chili Pepper Lights
Critters Party Lights
Decorative String Lights
Food & Drink Party Lights
Nature Party Lights
Sports Party Lights
More
All More
Battery-Operated Lights
LED Flameless Candles
Solar Lights
Awning Lights
Light Cubes & Orbs
Projection Lighting
Light Bases
Submersible Centerpiece Floralytes
Cascading Snowfall Lights & Icicle Lights
Portable Lights
Accessories
Home
Customer Service
Privacy & Security
Privacy & Security
We value each of our customers and their privacy. PartyLights.com has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy and security. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices, as well as the security we use to protect your privacy.
Information Collection, Use & Sharing
We only have access to or collect information that you provide through our shopping cart program or that you voluntarily provide to us via email or other direct contact from you. Information gathered through our shopping cart program or e-mail system is strictly confidential. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than the limited information necessary to fulfill your order, such as processing payment or to ship an order. If you contact us, we will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us.
Opting Out & Control of Your Information
We may use your information to contact you via email to provide you with information about promotions or specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy. All customers have the option to opt out of these promotional emails at any time. You can also limit or correct the personal information we have about you, or request that we delete any information we have about you. To opt out of future contacts, ask questions, or share concerns about our policy, please contact us.
Online Security
Customer confidence is of the utmost importance to us. We insist that companies used for our website management and credit card processing maintain high levels of customer security including security to prevent identity theft and credit card fraud. We are confident that your shopping experience with us will be handled with your security in mind. We take a number of precautions to protect your information online. When you submit sensitive information (such as credit card numbers) via our website, your data is encrypted and transmitted to us securely.
Offline Security
While we use encryption and trusted providers to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need information to perform a specific job task (such as billing, shipping or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers and servers in which we store personal information are maintained in a secure environment, with our website and back-end system hosted on secure offsite servers.
Cookies
Our website uses cookies, which are small pieces of information sent to your browser and stored on your computer's hard drive to customize your shopping experience. Cookies track the items you have previously viewed so we can bring them to your attention at a later date. They are also used to keep items in your shopping cart which you can then purchase at a later date. Personal information cannot be collected via cookies and other tracking technology, however, if you previously provided personally identifiable information, cookies may be tied to such information. If you wish, you can change your browser settings to remove and/or disable cookies which may alter some site features.
General
Our site may contain links to other sites. PartyLights.com is not responsible for the privacy practices, security, or content of other web sites, so it is your responsibility to review the policies posted at those sites.
We reserve the right to make changes to our privacy policy and our security protocols. Any updates or changes to these policies will be posted. If you have any quesitons about our privacy policy or security statement, please contact us.
OK
ABOUT SSL CERTIFICATES