https://pastashoppe.com/privacy-policy/
Orders Over $55 Ship Free!
Pastabilities® Fun Shapes
Pastabilities® Everyday Gourmet
Pastabilities® Organic Pasta
Share Your Pasta
EmailFacebookInstagramPinterestTwitter
Home / Privacy PolicyThe Pasta Shoppe LLC is committed to protecting your privacy and we respect the importance of keeping your online order and information secure.  This Privacy Policy describes why we gather customer and site-visitor information, what information we collect, and how we collect it.  This policy also describes how we collect and use this information as well as how we keep this information secure.   This Privacy Policy is incorporated into our Terms of Use.  By using The Pasta Shoppe LLC you agree to this Privacy Policy.
Security
We take security seriously.  We use industry-standard administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to protect personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it.   No method of transmission over the internet can be 100% secure; therefore we cannot absolutely guarantee its security.  We will however, make all legally required disclosures of any breach of security, confidentiality, or integrity of stored personal data (as defined by applicable laws) to you as required by law.
Cookies
A “cookie” is a small data file stored on your computer by our website that gives you a user ID and certain information about your activity on the site.  We use cookies to let us know if you are a previous customer and to provide certain features, such as storing items in a shopping cart.
Most browsers allow you to disable cookies.  If you disable cookies, certain aspects of pastashoppe.com may not function properly.  If you have any issues or questions, please contact us at 800-247-0188.
How do we use the personal information we collect?
We use the personal information we collect to process your requests (such as billing and or credit card information) and to provide an enhanced and more personalized experience now and in the future.
The Pasta Shoppe LLC will send / uses service provider to send targeted emails and email newsletters to our subscriber list.  We will share with our service provider usage information about visitors to our site who have received these emails.  The service provider does not sell these emails.  This information is used to help deliver and target future email campaigns and upgrade visitor information used in reporting statistics.  We note some of the pages you visit on our website through pixel tags.  The information collected with these pixel tags is personally identifiable.
We do not rent, sell or trade email addresses.
We may disclose any personal information you provide to The Pasta Shoppe LLC if, in our sole opinion, 1) such disclosure is required by any law, regulation, or governmental or judicial request; 2) such disclosure is required to properly operate this site; or 3) to protect the rights of The Pasta Shoppe, LLC, Fun Pasta Fundraising, its Users, Members, Licensors, Merchants or Agents.
Consent to Changes to this Policy
By using our website, you consent to the collection and use of information by us and the terms of this Privacy Policy and to any changes to this Privacy Policy, as may be posted, from time to time.
EmailFacebookGoogle+InstagramPinterestTwitter
Let’s Keep In Touch!
Join our email list for a first look at new products, sales, recipes, and exclusive offers!
Email*
CAPTCHA
Featured Products
Pastabilities® Organic Dinosaur Mac ‘n Cheese
$4.99
Add to cart
Pastably the BEST sauce Ever!Rated 5.00 out of 5
$6.99
Add to cart
Tailgate and Celebrate® Pasta
$5.50
Add to cart
Halloween Pasta
$5.50
Add to cart
See More Products ›
Featured Recipes
Fun Pasta Fundraising
Let’s Keep In Touch!
Join our email list for a first look at new products, sales, recipes, and exclusive offers!
Email*
CAPTCHA
Stay Connected
EmailFacebookInstagramPinterestTwitter
Explore
Home
Our Story
Recipes
Our Guarantee
Shipping
Nutritional & Kosher
Wholesale
Fundraising
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Contact Us
Shop
Pastabilities® Fun Shapes
Pastabilities® Everyday Gourmet
Holidays
Great Gifts
The Pasta Shoppe
We are a "boutique" pasta manufacturer of fun shapes, healthy grains, and organic pasta.
Look around & you'll find lots of innovative and delicious goodies to enjoy...and delicious pasta recipes too! The World is Full of Pastabilities!
© 2020 The Pasta Shoppe LLC. All Rights Reserved.