http://pawtraitart.com/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Just added to your cart
Qty:
View cart ()
Continue shopping
Submit
Close search
PRIVACY POLICY
PAWTRAIT ART is committed to respecting our customer’s privacy. This privacy policy outlines how we collect information and how it will be used. Whether you are a visitor or a registered user, by accessing this website and its services, you acknowledge and agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy. We collect information through (a) information you provide on our website, (b) social media accounts such as, but not limited to, Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, and YouTube and (c) through the messages and communication made through electronic communication, email, on-site live chat, and other forms.
The privacy policy that we have outlined are in accordance to our Terms and Conditions. For third party websites found on our site, please refer to their own Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy. We advise that you review our Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy every time you access this website or before you purchase a product for we may, at any time, revise our terms and policies without notice.
Please read this Privacy Policy in its entirety. If you choose not to accept our terms of use and privacy policy, you should not access or use this website or its services. By using this website you give us consent to access and use information about you in processing data and transactions in the manner set out in this Privacy Policy.
We collect certain personal information through our website which are needed for the completion of your purchase/transaction, through social media accounts and channels, and via our emails and any forms of communication.
In order for you to access our services and complete your purchase,we may ask you to establish or provide personal information that personally identifies you such as, but not limited to, your name, contact information, email address, age or date of birth, payment information, and home address.
In order to complete your purchase of products and services from our website, we may also require you to choose a payment option and provide the required information to complete the payment. This information may include your name, credit card/debit card details and expiration dates, billing address, and phone number. Please note that this information must be valid and information that is owned by you or you have legal access to.
We may also receive information through social media platforms which may include posts and videos where you have tagged us. In the case where our website requires you to provide account information or requires you to register or log in with your social media accounts, by agreeing to this, you grant us permission to access information about you such as, but not limited to, your name, birthday, gender, username, usernames of your friends, the email address linked to your account, your profile picture, your physical location, your images, your likes, and photo tags.
If you provide information through the contact page, email communications, and online forms, this information may be collected as your personal information.
In the event where you refuse to provide us with the information required, you may have limited access to our website’s services for you will not be able to access the features that require the said personal information and orders and transactions made, may be denied.
Access and transactions made through this website may be subject to additional terms, conditions, and policies. These shall be governed by such terms, conditions, and privacy policies.
We use your personal information in order to facilitate your use of our services and website including receiving your order/s, data processing, fulfilling, and delivering your purchase/s. We may use your personal information as we believe necessary to protect our rights, privacy, safety, or property, and to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that both parties may sustain.
We may send you promotional offers through email. You have the option to unsubscribe to our mailing list however, we may contact you through the contact information you have provided us regarding your order/s and transactions with our website.
By providing information through our services, you allow us to share your information to other websites and applications owned by us. However, if you have logged in to these services, you may opt to log out as well.
By using our provided services, you agree that your information may be processed in the Philippines or any other country in which we and our respective suppliers and affiliates maintain facilities. This gives us the authority to transfer your information to another country or jurisdiction. Please be aware that laws vary per country. By using our services you warrant and represent that we reserve the right to (a) Transfer your information across borders to our affiliates; (b) allow us to use and disclose your information as described above.
For information submitted about children under the age of 18, we do not accept and store the data nor do we offer services to any minor/s. In the event where a minor wants to use our services, they may ask their parent/s, legal guardian/s, or a consenting adult to make the purchase for them.
We use technological security measures designed specifically to protect the information and data stored and collected by our website. This ensures the protection of personal information and data from any unauthorized access or disclosure. We use encryption, passwords, and physical measures to help protect any personal information from unauthorized and unwanted access or disclosure. However, due to the advancement of technology and the interception of illegal unauthorized third parties on any website, we cannot guarantee that these safety measures will not be defeated and that your information will never be viewed or used by others.
We may collect non-personal information such as, but not limited to, location data, demographic data, and IP address which helps track activity on our website, diagnose server problems and errors, detect fraud, and administer our services. We may also use your IP address to enforce the terms and conditions and privacy policies if deemed necessary by the law to protect our company, services, employees, affiliates, customers, and others or as may be required by law.
Our website may use cookies that will help us personalize your use of our website and identify you. This is a small text file that is stored on your computer containing personal information or files about you. This helps us analyze web traffic, provide personalized data in specific webpages, and such. This helps our system gather and store data about you which will make your next visit on our website much easier. You may choose to reject or manually delete the cookies on your device. Please follow your internet browser’s instructions in doing so. However, if you do disable or reject the use of cookies, you may have trouble accessing some features or the entirety of the website.
We may share your personal information to our affiliated companies including those referenced in our T&Cs and Privacy Policy. We may also share your information to distributors/couriers for the purpose of fulfilling and delivering your purchased product/s. These couriers may access your contact information and home address to contact you relating to your purchase/s.
We may share your information with third parties who act as our agents such as suppliers, contractors, and service providers. You acknowledge that by using our services, you give us the right to manage the collection, transfer, storage, and processing of your personal information for the fulfillment of the services. Third parties are provided with the information they need to perform designated functions.
We may be required by law to disclose personal information to law enforcement for the purpose of complying for a search warrant, subpoena, or any legal and valid inquiry or order to investigate including emergency situations. We may also disclose information if we believe it is necessary to protect or defend the rights, property, or safety of our customers and ourselves.
Use left/right arrows to navigate the slideshow or swipe left/right if using a mobile device
Choosing a selection results in a full page refresh.
Press the space key then arrow keys to make a selection.