https://pedometer.com/pedometer-com-certified-accurate-pedometers-and-support-to-start-walking-to-wellness/pedometer-com-privacy-policy/
Pedometer.Com Privacy Policy
Pedometer.Com – About Us!
Pedometer Catalog – Pedometer.Com
Contact Us
HOME    CATALOG    CONTACT    BLOG
ACCUSPLIT , Pedometer.Com and ACCUSPLIT Make A Difference Programs Privacy Policy
Updated May 23, 2018
ACCUSPLIT Inc., Pedometer.Com and ACCUSPLIT Make A Difference Programs are committed to protecting your privacy online and offline. Your personal information is highly valued. Therefore, we want you to know that we do everything possible to ensure the safety, security, and confidentiality of the information that you provide to us.
WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT
When you make a purchase through our websites, we collect certain information from you, including:
your name
billing address
shipping address
payment information (including credit card numbers or other online payment system identifiers such as PayPal accounts)
email address
phone number
We refer to this information as “Order Information.”
Other information collected from orders can include the type of device purchased (Pedometers / Stopwatches / Clocks / Accessories). This  allows us to distingush marketing materials you may be interested in and which you wouldn’t be.  we should and should not send to you.to be able to prevent you from receiving marketing materials for products outside of your interest. We do not want to send you unwanted email.
When we talk about “Personal Information” in this Privacy Policy, we are talking about both Device Information and Order Information.
WHO HAS ACCESS TO YOUR INFORMATION
Your personal information is kept secure in our order processing system. Customer Service has access to your information to set up an account and process orders, shipments, returns etc. Our Accounting  Department has access to your information to process invoices, apply payments and credits and finally Marketing has limited access to your information to maintain e-mailing lists and send out emails and newsletters.
HOW YOUR INFORMATION WILL BE USED
We use the Order Information that we collect generally to fulfill any orders placed through our Web Sites (including processing your payment information, arranging for shipping, and providing you with invoices and/or order confirmations).  Additionally, we use this Order Information to:
Communicate with you;
Screen our orders for potential risk or fraud; and
When in line with the preferences you have shared with us, provide you with information or advertising relating to our products or services.
We use the Device Information that we collect to help us screen for potential risk and fraud (in particular, your IP address), and more generally to improve and optimize our Site (for example, by generating analytics about how our customers browse and interact with the Site, and to assess the success of our marketing and advertising campaigns).
We also use your information to send you our e-newsletter with updates on New Products and Sales we believe may be of interest to you based on products that you have purchased from us.
BEHAVIORAL ADVERTISING
As described above, we use your Personal Information and Order Information to provide you with targeted advertisements or marketing communications we believe may be of interest to you.  For more information about how targeted advertising works, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s (“NAI”) educational page at http://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising/how-does-it-work.
You can opt out of targeted advertising by:
FACEBOOK – https://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=ads
GOOGLE – https://www.google.com/settings/ads/anonymous
Additionally, you can opt out of some of these services by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out portal at:  http://optout.aboutads.info/.
SHARING WITH TRUSTED THIRD PARTIES
We share your Personal Information with trusted third parties as described above.  For example:
We use Shopify to power our online store–you can read more about how Shopify uses your Personal Information here: https://www.shopify.com/legal/privacy.
We also use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use the Site–you can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/.  You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here:  https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
We use Constant Contact to send out our e-newsletter and information on New Products and Sales. You can read their Privacy Policy and about how Constant Contact stores and protects your information at https://www.constantcontact.com/account-home
We may also share your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.
TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
When you visit the Site, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. Additionally, as you browse the Site, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view, along with what websites or search terms referred you to the Site, and information about how you interact with the Site. We refer to this automatically-collected information as “Device Information.”
We collect Device Information using the following technologies:
“Cookies” are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier. For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
“Log files” track actions occurring on the Site, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.
“Web beacons,” “tags,” and “pixels” are electronic files used to record information about how you browse the Site.
DO NOT TRACK NOTIFICATIONS
Please note that we do not alter our Site’s data collection and use practices when we see a Do Not Track signal from your browser.
HOW YOU CAN ACCESS, UPDATE OR DELETE YOUR DATA
If you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. Therefore, if you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information below.
Additionally, if you are a European resident, note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you (for example if you place an order through the Web Site), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above.  Additionally, please note that your information may be routed through servers outside of Europe, including to Canada and the United States.
HOW WE SECURE, STORE AND RETAIN YOUR DATA
Your personal information is stored on our Shopify server.  This is a secure site and is GDPR compliant. If you are receiving one of our newsletters or marketing information from us, your information is stored on the Constant Contact server which is also a secure site and GDPR compliant. Both companies have privacy policies for your review on their websites. Order information is maintained by ACCUSPLIT, Inc. for our records on secure servers unless and until you ask for it to be deleted.
DATA BREACH
In the event of a data breach of our system, you will be notified by email from us within 72 hours, the time limit set by the GDPR.
CHANGES IN OUR PRIVACY POLICY
We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.
CONTACT US
For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e-mail at help@accusplit.com or by mail using the details provided below:  ACCUSPLIT, Inc., 1262 Quarry Lane, Suite B, Pleasanton, CA, 94588, United States
FollowFollow
Email Us at info@Pedometer.Com
Privacy Policy
Designed by OK Designs / Powered by WordPress