https://peeledsnacks.com/terms/
Home / Terms
Terms of UseWelcome to the Peeled Snacks® Web Site ( the “Site”). Please review the following basic terms that govern your use of and purchase of products from our Site. Please note that your use of our Site constitutes your agreement to follow and be bound by these terms (the “Terms of Use”).
These Terms of Use May ChangeWe reserve the right to update or amend these Terms of Use at any time. The amended Terms of Use shall automatically be effective five (5) days after they are posted on the Site. Your continued use of the Site after the effective date of any posted change constitutes your acceptance of the amended Terms of Use as modified by the posted changes. For this reason, we encourage you to review these Terms of Use whenever you use our Site. The last date these Terms of Use were revised is set forth below.
Changing or Suspension of ServicesWe may, at our sole discretion, terminate or suspend the access to our Site or any portion thereof of any user for any reason.
SubmissionsWe welcome your comments and suggestions regarding our Site and, from time to time, submission of materials as specifically requested by our Site. However, by submitting any comments, feedback, notes, messages, ideas, suggestions, blog comments, survey information or other materials, (collectively, “Feedback and Submissions”), you hereby grant to Peeled Inc. a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, sublicenseable and transferable license to use, reproduce, modify, display, transmit, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from and distribute these Feedback and Submissions in any medium and through any methods of distribution, transmission and display whether now known or hereafter devised. In addition, you warrant that all so –called “moral rights” have been waived. For this reason, we ask that you not send us any Feedback and Submissions that you do not wish to grant the foregoing license to us. You agree that you are and shall remain solely responsible for the Feedback and Submissions you make, and you will not submit material that is unlawful, defamatory, abusive or obscene. You agree not to submit any Feedback and Submissions that may be submitted in violation of any right of any third party, including copyright, trademark, privacy or other personal or proprietary right(s) law or any agreement or obligation to keep the content of such Feedback and Submissions confidential. We expressly disclaim any interest in any Feedback and Submissions that you are not authorized to submit. Of course, any information you submit which personally identifies you will be subject to our Privacy Policy.
Ownership: Copyright and Trademark NoticeUnless otherwise noted, all materials, including images, illustration, designs, icons, photographs and written and other materials that appear as part of this Site (collectively, the “Contents”) are copyrights, trademarks, trade dress and/or other intellectual properties owned, controlled or licensed by Peeled Inc. The Site as a whole is protected by copyright and trade dress, all worldwide rights, titles and interests in and to which are owned by Peeled Inc. Peeled Snacks and PEELEDSNACKS.COM are trademarks of Peeled Inc.
The Contents of our Site, and the Site as a whole, are intended solely for personal, noncommercial (other than for purchase of merchandise from our site) use by the users of our Site. You may download or copy the Contents and other downloadable materials displayed on the Site for your personal use only. No right, title or interest in any downloaded materials or software is transferred to you as a result of any such downloading or copying. You may not reproduce (except as noted above), publish, transmit, distribute, display, modify, create derivative works from, sell or participate in any sale of, or exploit in any way, in whole or in part, any of the Contents or the Site. For permission to use our materials on our Site for other purposes, please send an e-mail to info@peeledsnacks.com. If you wish to use third-party materials appearing on the Site, you must contact the copyright owner of such materials.
Product InformationMost of our products displayed at the Site are available in selected stores in the United States while supplies last. In some cases, merchandise displayed for sale at the Site may not be available in the selected stores. The prices displayed at the Site are quoted in U.S. dollars and are valid and effective only in the United States.
No Endorsements of Third PartiesReferences on our Site to any names, marks, products or services of third parties, or hypertext links to third party sites or information, do not necessarily constitute or imply an endorsement, sponsorship, or recommendation of the third party, information, product or service by us. We do not endorse nor make any warranties or representations about any web site you may access through our Site, including the privacy policy of any such web site. Any links to other sites are provided for convenience only. You need to make your own decisions regarding your interactions or communications with any other web site.
Links to Other Web Sites and ServicesTo the extent that this Site contains links to outside services and resources, the availability and content of which we do not control, any concerns regarding any such service or resource, or any link thereto, should be directed to the particular outside service or resource.
TerminationWe reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to immediately, without notice, suspend or terminate these Terms of Use and accordingly deny you access to the Site upon any breach by you of these Terms of Use. Upon any termination of these Terms of Use, you must promptly destroy all materials downloaded or otherwise obtained from this Site, as well as all copies of such materials, whether made under the terms of this Agreement or otherwise.
Privacy PolicyClick here to read PEELED SNACKS®’s Privacy Policy.
DisclaimersTHE CONTENT, INFORMATION AND OTHER MATERIALS AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SITE ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES OF TITLE OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT ARE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMED AND DENIED. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE, BY YOUR USE OF THE SITE, THAT YOUR USE OF THE SITE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK, THAT YOU ASSUME FULL RESPONSIBILITY FOR ALL COSTS ASSOCIATED WITH ALL NECESSARY SERVICING OR REPAIRS OF ANY EQUIPMENT YOU USE IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE OF OUR SITE, AND THAT PEELED INC. SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND RELATED TO YOUR USE OF THIS SITE.
Inaccuracy DisclaimerFrom time to time there may be information on our Site that contains typographical errors, inaccuracies, or omissions that may relate to product descriptions, pricing, and availability. We reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions and to change or update information at any time without prior notice (including after you have submitted your order). We apologize for any inconvenience this may cause you. If you are not completely satisfied with your peeledsnacks.com purchase, please send an e-mail to customerservice@peeledsnacks.com or call (401) 437-4386.
IndemnityYou agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Peeled Inc. from and against any and all claims, damages, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) arising from or due to or in connection with your use of or conduct on the Site.
MiscellaneousUnless otherwise specified and except to the extent our products are offered for sale in the United States through this Site, this Site and the contents thereof are displayed solely for the purpose of promoting our products and services available in the United States. This Site is controlled and operated by us from our office in Cumberland, RI.
If any provision of these Terms of Use is held to be invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be deemed superseded by a valid enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent of the original provision and the remaining provisions shall be enforced. Our failure to act with respect to a breach by any user does not waive our right to act with respect to subsequent or similar breaches. The failure of us to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms of Use shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. The section headings and subheadings contained in this Terms of Use are included for convenience only, and shall not limit or otherwise affect the terms of this Terms of Use. This Agreement shall be interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Rhode Island without regard to conflict of laws principles. All claims arising from this Agreement must be filed in the state or federal courts located in Cumberland, RI. This Terms of Use which includes our Privacy Policy, constitutes the entire agreement between Peeled Inc. and you with respect to the subject matter hereof.
LAST UPDATED: August 25, 2020