https://pendancestudio.com/help-handwriting-workshop-july-23-2017/
Help My Handwriting! Workshop – July 23, 2017
Do you wish you had attractive cursive or printed handwriting for:
writing thank you notes
journaling
addressing holiday cards
taking notes at work or in class?
helping your child with penmanship practice
Join Maureen Vickery, a professional calligrapher and hand lettering artist, as she teaches you the basics of making your handwriting beautiful, legible, and enjoyable!
In this 2.5-hour class you will learn:
how letters are formed for optimal writing speed
proper writing ergonomics
the rules of attractive, legible handwriting
how to change elements of your handwriting to create new styles
how to practice (after class is over) to achieve the results you want
Penmanship Practice
We’ll use the Italic alphabet as the foundation for practicing proper penmanship. This alphabet has been around since the Renaissance, and it’s incredibly versatile. It looks beautiful either printed (unjoined letters) or cursive (joined letters).
You’ll receive a packet of practice worksheets as well as a resource list and tips for further study. All supplies will be provided. However, if you have a favorite fountain pen or gel pen that you’d like to use during class, feel free to bring it!
A bonus for taking this class is that you will learn fundamental calligraphic principles that will give you lots of “hooks to hang things on” should you decide to branch out and take calligraphy classes later on!
More Details
We’ll provide light snacks and drinks, and BYOB is welcome. We’ll also throw in a few door prizes to add to the fun!
This class is ages 16 and up only. Seats are limited to allow for individual attention and Q&A time, so sign up today!
Doors will open at the Flower Bar at 1:00pm so you can pick a seat, grab some refreshments, and chat with Maureen and fellow handwriting creatives before class starts. They are on the second floor, Suite 230.
Investment
$125 per person (plus EventBrite ticketing fees)
After the workshop is over, you won’t be left on your own! Students can email Maureen at handwriting@pendancestudio.com to ask questions about handwriting practice and receive one free handwriting critique (after practicing a few weeks first!).
Refund Policy
Refunds are available up to 1 day before the class date.
Leave a Reply Cancel replyYour email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment Name *
Email *
Website
This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is processed.
About Maureen
Welcome! I'm Maureen, a professional calligrapher from Houston, Texas. I love creating beautiful words and artwork using pen, ink, brush and paint for special occasions, formal celebrations, and holiday salutations!
Categories
Artwork
Behind the Scenes
Calligraphy Classes
Calligraphy for Weddings
Engraving
Envelope Addressing
Handwriting Classes
Home Page Feature
Signage
Thank You Notes
Confused about etiquette rules for addressing envelopes? Our “Etiquette Guide for Brides to Be” shows you 3 degrees of envelope correctness – Very Formal, Correct, and Informal.
Fill in your email below to download a copy! And no worries! We won’t share your email address with anyone (pinky promise)!
I have reviewed the Privacy Policy. I consent to receive information about services and special offers by email.
On the Blog
Rave Reviews
Maureen, I just wanted to tell you how amazingly beautiful and stunning your work is and what an incredible job you did on our invitations!
There was not a single mistake, and I just couldn’t stop looking at your artistic ability.
Julie Miller
Rave Reviews
Dear Maureen, Thank you for the fantastic job you did on Jessica and Jeb’s invitation addressing and place cards. Your handiwork was the perfect complement to their other lovely details. Everyone raved at your amazing skill! It’s clear you possess an extreme dedication to your craft! Thanks again.
– Kelly Balfour, Eventology Weddings
@PenDanceStudio On Insta
This error message is only visible to WordPress admins
Error: There is no connected account for the user 346876320 Feed will not update.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.