https://pendancestudio.com/help-handwriting-workshop-july-23-2017-2/
Thank you Flower Bar Houston for the lovely floral arrangements and space to hold our calligraphy workshop!
And thanks to all the students who spent their Sunday afternoon with me learning how to improve the legibility and attractiveness of their handwriting!
If you are interested in being notified of future classes, please visit our Classes page, and scroll to the bottom to sign up!
Our plan is to hold monthly classes on modern calligraphy, handwriting, Copperplate, and Spencerian. If you have a suggestion for another calligraphy-related class you would like to attend, please contact Maureen!
The Flower Bar Houston was a lovely space to hold the workshop!
We covered basic Italic handwriting, Italic Cursive handwriting, then discussed how to change up different elements of the letterforms to create new styles!
The before and after samples of their handwriting were quite dramatic! Well done! (scroll down to see their BEFORE & AFTER samples)
Fruit infused water and light bites were so refreshing on a hot afternoon!
I have a private Facebook Group “Handwriting Masterclass for Ridiculously Good Looking Letters” that the students can join to watch my live demos of handwriting practice. It’s more fun to practice when you are doing it along with other like-minded creatives!
Demo Screen – everyone faces forward so they can see every letter!
Door Prizes!
Great students!
To sign up to be notified of upcoming classes, go to our Classes page and fill out the sign up form at the bottom! Hope to see you in class!
Before and After Handwriting Samples
Leave a Reply Cancel replyYour email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment Name *
Email *
Website
This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is processed.
About Maureen
Welcome! I'm Maureen, a professional calligrapher from Houston, Texas. I love creating beautiful words and artwork using pen, ink, brush and paint for special occasions, formal celebrations, and holiday salutations!
Categories
Artwork
Behind the Scenes
Calligraphy Classes
Calligraphy for Weddings
Engraving
Envelope Addressing
Handwriting Classes
Home Page Feature
Signage
Thank You Notes
Confused about etiquette rules for addressing envelopes? Our “Etiquette Guide for Brides to Be” shows you 3 degrees of envelope correctness – Very Formal, Correct, and Informal.
Fill in your email below to download a copy! And no worries! We won’t share your email address with anyone (pinky promise)!
I have reviewed the Privacy Policy. I consent to receive information about services and special offers by email.
On the Blog
Rave Reviews
Dear Maureen, Thank you for the fantastic job you did on Jessica and Jeb’s invitation addressing and place cards. Your handiwork was the perfect complement to their other lovely details. Everyone raved at your amazing skill! It’s clear you possess an extreme dedication to your craft! Thanks again.
Kelly Balfour, Eventology Weddings
Rave Reviews
Dear Maureen, Thank you for the fantastic job you did on Jessica and Jeb’s invitation addressing and place cards. Your handiwork was the perfect complement to their other lovely details. Everyone raved at your amazing skill! It’s clear you possess an extreme dedication to your craft! Thanks again.
– Kelly Balfour, Eventology Weddings
@PenDanceStudio On Insta
This error message is only visible to WordPress admins
Error: There is no connected account for the user 346876320 Feed will not update.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.