https://penreed.com/index.php?main_page=conditions
Home
Log In/Register
Categories
Pajamas
Sock It Up
All Products ...
Manufacturers
Please Select
Lazy One
Reviews  [more]
There are currently no product reviews.
Home ::
Conditions of Use
Conditions of Use
WEBSITE TERMS AND CONDITIONS
WELCOME TO PenReed.com
The PenReed.com website is operated by: Pen Reed.
Our contact details are as follows:
Pen Reed Co.
16770 Dry Creek Road
Reno, NV 89511
Phone 775-849-4201
General email:		sales@penreed.com
Phone number:	STORE_PHONE
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE
This Statement outlines the terms and conditions governing all sales and purchases made through this website, regardless of whether the order was transmitted via the internet, telephone or post. By accessing, browsing and/or using this website you acknowledge that you have read, understood and agree to be bound by these terms and to comply with all applicable laws and regulations. If you do not agree with these terms, do not use this site.
PRICING
All prices quoted are subject to change at any time at the discretion of PenReed.com.
All prices are quoted in United States dollars (USD, $).
PenReed.com reserves the right to reject any orders which include incorrect prices which may occur due to data entry errors, code errors, hacking, incorrect pricing provided by manufacturer, translation errors etc. Prices are not negotiable and do not include postage and handling. Postage and handling costs will be calculated when completing the order.
SHIPPING
We can send your order anywhere US Postal Service delivers.
All our items are Warehouse packed for safe delivery. We ship all products by USPS unless otherwise directed.
This usually takes between 3 to 7 working days depending on the delivery service in the destination area.
We normally ship our products within three business days unless requested otherwise. If we are unable to dispatch your order within three business days we will contact you and advise you of the expected dispatch date.
Please check your delivery address carefully as we will not be responsible for delivery to an incorrect address. The customer shall be responsible for the cost to resend a parcel that is returned because of an incorrect address.
ONCE YOUR ORDER HAS BEEN SHIPPED YOU ARE NOT ABLE TO CANCEL YOUR ORDER.
PAYMENT
Payment options provided by PenReed.com include Visa, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, etc.
Checks can be either personal or bank draft, and are to be made payable to: PenReed.com. Please post to Pen Reed Co.
16770 Dry Creek Road
Reno, NV 89511
Phone 775-849-4201
All checks will require to be 'cleared' by the bank before goods can be dispatched. This may require 10-15 days.
RETURNS POLICY
If an order has been shipped and is not received or if an item is received and it is either damaged or faulty, a return claim MUST be filed with PenReed.com within 3 days from date of despatch of goods.
Email details of your claim to sales@penreed.com.
The following options will then be made available:
1. Replacement: If possible, a replacement will be sent, subject to availability.
2. Credit: If no replacement is available, a credit will be offered to the full amount of the purchase price.
3. Refund: If a refund is required, it will be provided according to the original payment (i.e. if payment was made on Visa, the Visa card will be credited. If the item was purchased by check, the amount will be returned or added to store credit).
Returns are not accepted due to a change of mind, so please choose carefully. Exchanges will not be permitted.
LICENSE AND SITE ACCESS
Access to the PenReed.com website is granted only for the purpose of accessing the products offered. Under no circumstances may any individual alter any part of the website. No part of this site may be reproduced for any reason, nor may any parts of the site be displayed anywhere apart from www.wholesalewarehouse.co.nz unless written permission has been granted by PenReed.com.
You are granted access to PenReed.com website under the condition that you will not interfere, or attempt to interfere with any of the content.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, NEGLIGENCE, SHALL PenReed.com BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOSS OF DATA OR PROFIT, ARISING OUT OF THE USE, OR THE INABILITY TO USE, THE MATERIALS ON THIS SITE. IF YOUR USE OF MATERIALS FROM THIS SITE RESULTS IN THE NEED FOR SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION OF EQUIPMENT OR DATA, YOU ASSUME ANY COSTS THEREOF.
LAW AND JURISDICTION
These Terms and any matter relating to this Site will be governed by United States law and the US courts shall have non-exclusive jurisdiction in respect of them.
PRIVACY
We are committed to protecting your privacy and this statement summarises what personal details we may collect from you before, during or after you use our Site and what we will do with them. Any changes to our privacy policy will be posted on this page.
When you contact us we will use your email address for the purposes of administering your query or order and responding to you. We will not publish your personal information and will not supply your personally identifying information to other companies or individuals. We may, with your permission, send you information about our company and our products and services.
SECURITY
All of our credit card transactions online are processed through highly secured connections. All transaction details are encrypted so you are safe to shop with PenReed.com.
Shopping at PenReed.com is secure. This site uses the latest in security technology to ensure a safe & secure transaction during your shopping experience. You can enter your credit card number on a secure form and transmit the form over the Internet to a secure server without any risk of an intermediary obtaining your credit card information. Credit card orders are encrypted using Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol technology. Your confidential information is automatically encrypted in transit from your computer to ours using an encryption key length of 128-bits. Once your information reaches us, it resides on a server that is heavily guarded both physically and electronically. The server sits behind an electronic firewall and is not directly connected to the Internet..
COPYRIGHT
All content and the compilation of all content on this site, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads, artworks, products and data compilations is the property of PenReed.com and protected by United States and International copyright laws.
No part of this website may be reproduced without the express, written permission of PenReed.com.
Information
Scheduled Events
Shipping & Returns
Privacy Notice
Conditions of Use
Contact Us
Site Map
Gift Certificate FAQ
Discount Coupons
Newsletter Unsubscribe
Home
Contact Us
Shipping & Returns
Privacy Policy
Account Login
Copyright © 2020 PenReed.com. Powered by Zen CartCustomized by Hare Do  Hosted by JEANDRET