https://perfectdetails.com/terms-and-conditions.htm
ACCOUNT CONTACT SHOPPING BAG
Home/ Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
COPYRIGHT STATEMENT
This web site is owned and operated by pefectdetails.com. All site content, defined as navigational buttons, toolbar layout, photography, page design and text are owned and controlled by perfectdetails.com. The site and its contents as a whole are intended solely for personal use. Any use or reproduction of this Web site for other than personal use is prohibited without prior written permission from perfectdetails.com. The use of the name "perfectdetails" or any derivation thereof is a violation of state and federal law with respect to the protection of tradename, trademark, servicemark and copyright. Any unauthorized use of such name, names or words, in any combination, is strictly prohibited and violations will be enforced to the extent allowed by law.
DISCLAIMERS
Technology and the online environment are unpredictable. As a result, perfectdetails.com does not guarantee that the operation or functions of this site will be uninterrupted or error free. We will make every effort to correct defects and protect users from harmful elements, such as viruses, however this is not guaranteed. Visitors to the site are fully responsible for costs associated with servicing equipment used in connection with the use of our site as a visitor. Visitors to our site are subjected to the terms and conditions set forth in this notice and use this site at their own risk. Perfectdetails.com is not liable for damages of any kind related to the use of this site or the inability to access this site.
PRODUCT DISPLAY
Perfectdetails.com has made every effort to display our featured products as accurately as possible. However, product colors as they are displayed on your monitor are subject to the color capabilities of your particular computer monitor. As a result actual merchandise may vary from how it was viewed on your computer monitor. Perfectdetails.com cannot be held responsible for the limitations of your monitor nor guarantee that your monitor’s display of color, texture, or detail of the actual merchandise will be accurate.
PRODUCT AVAILABILITY
We are able to ship most items within 48 hours of confirming your order. However, keep in mind that shawls, handbags, and most tiaras are produced on a made to order basis. At times we will be able to fill orders for these items within 48 hours; however, you should allow 2-4 weeks for shipping to be complete. As with your wedding gown, it is best to err on the cautious side, and order items for your wedding for delivery 1-2 months prior to your wedding date whenever possible.
WEB SITE ERRORS
Perfectdetails.com has made every effort to present the most accurate, current, and reliable information on our Web site at all times. However, there may be occasions when information may be incomplete, inaccurate, or contain typographical errors. Any of these type of errors is entirely unintentional and we apologize in advance if an error should adversely affect your order. As a result, please be aware that our content is "as is" and we make no claims on its accuracy, either expressed or implied. We reserve the right to amend error and update product information at any time without prior notice.
SITE CHANGES
Our goal is to always bring you the most current and appealing accessory items. We will add new items and delete out of season products. As a result, it is possible that an item you saw previously may not be on our site the next time you come to visit. If this should happen, please contact us and we will do whatever we can to find the item for you in a timely matter.
EXTERNAL LINKS
At times we may include links at our site. Perfectdetails.com is not responsible for the privacy policies or content at these sites. Generally, we will let you know when a link takes you to another site.
Categories
New Favorites Shoes Jewelry Accessories SALE!! Designers
Join Our Mailing List
Copyright © 2020 Perfect Details, Inc..
FAQ× Good To Know
About Us
Gift Certificates
Wish List
Ask Rachel
Tips & Advice
Photo Gallery
Site Map
The Rules Our Policies
Returns & Exchanges
Shipping Rates
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Get In Touch Contact Us
Schedule An Appointment
Get Style Advice