https://personal.help.royalmail.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/12556/~/service-update
Skip Navigation
Close
Your privacy and our use of cookies
Cookies help us improve your Royal Mail online experience. If you accept their use, continue using our site. Or, find out more about cookies
PersonalBusiness
Skip to main content
Log in or register
Log in or register
Close
If you are already registered on royalmail.com, please enter your details here:
*Indicates a required field
Your login details will be sent across a secure connection.
*Email address
*Password
(Your password must have 8 characters or more and contain at least one letter and one number with no spaces.)
Forgotten your password?
Send me a new password
If you have not already registered, you can do so now. Register
Other Royal Mail accounts
Log in to Online Business Account
Log in to Despatch Manager Online
Search this site
Sending mail
Tools
Buy postage online
Return an item
Find a service near you
Shop for stamps
Find a postcode
UK parcels and letters
Special Delivery Guaranteed by 9am
Special Delivery Guaranteed by 1pm
Royal Mail Tracked 24®
Royal Mail Tracked 48®
1st Class
2nd Class
Sameday courier
All UK services and prices
International
International Tracked and Signed
International Tracked
International Standard
Country customs and restrictions
All international services and prices
See all mailing services
Track and manage
Tools
Track your item
Arrange a Redelivery
Return an item
Pay a fee
Find your delivery office
Moving?
Redirect your mail
Going away?
Hold your mail
Get a PO Box
Apply for a PO Box
See all receiving services
Stamps and supplies
Postage and packaging
1st and 2nd Class stamps
Stamp books
Stamp sheets
Envelopes
Packaging materials
See all packaging materials
Business mail supplies
Special stamp issues
Star Trek
Christmas 2020
Brilliant Bugs
Rupert Bear
Queen
Stamp Calendar
See all special stamp issues
Collectibles and gifts
Presentation packs and sets
Framed stamps and prints
First Day covers
Coins and medals
Annual collections
See all collectibles and gifts
Bundles
Visit Shop
Help
Help with tracking
Track your item help
Tracking international items
What our tracking messages mean
My tracking message says it's been delivered but it hasn't been
Get in touch
Latest service updates
How to make a claim
Contact Royal Mail
Help with your mail
How to collect a missed delivery
Letter and parcel size guide
Restrictions and prohibitions
Wrapping and packaging your mail
Customs information
Redirection support
How to address your mail
Help with a Redelivery
I think my mail is lost
When we can't deliver
See all help & support
Business services
Services for businesses
Royal Mail for small and medium sized businesses
Royal Mail for large businesses and public sector
Business tools
Online Business Account
Despatch Manager Online
See all business services
Coronavirus update: We’re keeping the UK connected. We are open for business. Despite best efforts some services may be disrupted.
Click for more info on coronavirus. Buy postage now with Click & Drop or the Royal Mail app.
Home
Personal Customers Help Centre
Service Update
Are you a business customer?
Go to our Business Customers Help Centre
Personal Customers Help Centre
Search
We're here to help
Advanced SearchOpens new dialog
Search Tips
Search terms
Screen Reader users press Enter to select a Filter by product.
Filter by product
This button does not work with screen readers. Please use the previous link instead. Select a product
Screen Reader users press Enter to select a Filter by category.
Filter by category
This button does not work with screen readers. Please use the previous link instead. Select a category
Sort by
Default
Summary
New or Updated
Description
Date Updated
Direction
Ascending
Descending
Search our Help Centre
Search
Service Update
Recipient email
*
Your email
*
Your name
*
Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn
Google Plus
Thursday 10 December
Normal deliveries and collections should take place across most of the UK today. However, there may be limited deliveries in some areas due to resourcing issues in a small number of our delivery offices. Please see the Royal Mail Deliveries section below.
We're working hard to keep any delays to a minimum at this, our busiest time of the year, while keeping our people and customers safe. We're sorry for any inconvenience and thank you for your patience and understanding.
Royal Mail Distribution and Processing Report
Royal Mail Distribution
Royal Mail operates an overnight air, rail and road network to move letters and parcels between our distribution hubs, mail processing centres and delivery offices around the UK.
Air Our air network operated to schedule on Wednesday night with 2 exceptions. Due to technical issues with aircraft, and no replacements being available, the flights from East Midlands Airport to Prestwick (Edinburgh) and Jersey were cancelled, and mail transferred to contingency road services. As a result, some mail posted on Wednesday in the North, Midlands and South West regions of England and Wales, due for delivery today to addresses in Central and Southern Scotland, and Jersey, may arrive later than planned.
Rail Our rail network operated to schedule on Wednesday night.
Road Our road network operated to schedule on Wednesday night.
Mail Processing (Mail Centres)Staffing issues due to self-isolating and social distancing, along with greatly increased parcel volumes, continue to have some effect at our mail centres.
The mail centres below have reported not all mail was processed and despatched to delivery offices on schedule on Wednesday night, and may be delivered later than expected:
Bristol Mail Centre: Some mail posted on Wednesday from across the UK, due for delivery today to addresses in the BA, BS, GL and TA postcode areas.
Cardiff Mail Centre: Some mail posted on Wednesday from across the UK, due for delivery today to addresses in the CF, LD and NP postcode areas.
Chelmsford Mail Centre: Some mail posted on Wednesday from across the UK, due for delivery today to addresses in the CM, CO and SS postcode areas.
Jubilee Mail Centre: Some mail posted on Wednesday from across the UK, due for delivery today to addresses in the GU, KT, SW and TW postcode areas. Also, some mail posted on Wednesday in these postcode areas, due for delivery today to addresses across the rest of the UK.
Leeds Mail Centre: Some mail posted on Wednesday from across the UK, due for delivery today to addresses in the BD, HD, HG, HX, LS, WF and YO postcode areas. Also, some mail posted on Wednesday in these postcode areas, due for delivery today to addresses across the rest of the UK.
Medway Mail Centre: Some mail posted on Wednesday from across the UK, due for delivery today to addresses in the CT, DA, ME and TN postcode areas.
Norwich Mail Centre: Some mail posted on Wednesday from across the UK, due for delivery today to addresses in the NR postcode area.
Nottingham Mail Centre: Some mail posted on Wednesday from across the UK, due for delivery today to addresses in the DE and NG postcode areas.
Sheffield Mail Centre: Some mail posted on Wednesday from across the UK, due for delivery today to addresses in the DN, HU, LN and S postcode areas. Also, some mail posted on Wednesday in these postcode areas, due for delivery today to addresses across the rest of the UK.
Tyneside Mail Centre: Some mail posted on Wednesday from across the UK, due for delivery today to addresses in the DH, DL, NE, SR and TS postcode areas.
Royal Mail Deliveries
Due to resourcing issues, deliveries in the following areas are likely to be limited today, Thursday 10 December, and for the remainder of this week. If you need to collect an item for which we've left a 'Something for you' card from the Customer Service Points at one of these offices, please check
royalmail.com/services-near-you for details of our revised opening hours. If we’ve not left a ‘Something for you card’, and you do not have alternative arrangements in place, we’re sorry that your mail will not be available for collection.
Ashington (NE22, NE62-NE64)
Gillingham (ME7)
Ruthin (LL15)
South Ockendon (RM15)
Tooting (SW17)
Totton (SO40, SO43)
Changes to Special Delivery Guaranteed
Due to Coronavirus, we’ve made some changes, including our timed guarantees for Special Delivery Guaranteed. For more information, please visit royalmail.com/specialdelivery.
Upcoming Latest Recommended Posting Dates for Christmas 2020
Thursday 10 December - Canada, Cyprus and Malta.
Friday 11 December - Greece, Eastern Europe (except Czech Republic, Poland and Slovakia) and Turkey.
Due to the global Coronavirus pandemic affecting mail services in most countries, we strongly advise posting all international mail as early as possible to ensure your letters and parcels arrive in time for Christmas.
For details of all our recommended latest posting dates, please visit royalmail.com/greetings.
Service Update Emails
Keep up to date with information about Royal Mail services in your local area. Sign-up to receive our service alerts.
Was this helpful?
Yes
No
Opens a dialog to provide details of your feedback
Please send your website feedback here - we won’t reply to your message. If you want to contact us about something that needs a response, please contact us here.
If you have a reference number and want to check where your item is, please use Track your item.
Email
Still haven't found what you're looking for?
Contact us
Related help
Coronavirus update
International Incident Bulletin
My item hasn’t arrived yet, what should I do?
What time / days do you deliver?
Service update - public holidays
All our advisors are busy helping other customers. Please see our other ways to contact us here:
Contact us
Tools
Track your item
Postcode finder
Price finder
Online postage
Book a Redelivery
Get the Royal Mail App
Help and support
Royal Mail Group
Contact us
Collect a missed delivery
I think my mail is lost
Service updates
How to make a claim
Mail
About us
UK services
International services
Stamps
Our prices
Redirect your mail
Our Partners
Parcelforce Worldwide
Supporting Action for Children
Stamp retailers
Follow us on Linkedin share on facebook
share on twitter
Jobs
Royal Mail Group
Terms and conditions
Privacy
Terms of use
Cookies
Accessibility
© Royal Mail Group Ltd 2019.
Cookies Policy Cookies are small text files stored by your device when you access most websites on the internet. We will use two types of cookies:
Session cookies - these expire when you close your browser and do not remain on your computer. Persistent cookies - these are stored in the longer term on your computer. They are normally used to make sure the site remembers your preferences.
www.royalmail.com (this Website) uses cookies in order to make it easier to use and to support the provision of relevant information and functionality to you. Cookies also provide us with information about how this Website is used so we can keep it is as up to date, relevant and error free as possible. Further information about the types of cookies in use on this Website is set out below.
By using this Website you agree to the use of cookies. Please note that certain cookies may be set the moment you start visiting this Website. You can choose to manage the cookies we use on this Website through your browser settings at any time. For more information about how to do this, and about cookies in general, you can visit www.allaboutcookies.org .
Please note that preventing cookies is likely to impact the functionality or performance of this Website, or prevent you from using certain services provided through it. If you choose to prevent cookies, we cannot guarantee access to the services provided through this Website or be sure how this Website will perform during your visit. Preventing cookies will also affect our ability to update this Website to cater for user preferences and improve its performance.
The types of cookies we currently use on this Website are set out below. The cookie categories are based on the category definitions contained in the International Chamber of Commerce UK Cookie guide .
Cookie Category
Details
Strictly necessary
Strictly necessary cookies are essential to enable you to move around this Website and use its features and/or services. These cookies allow this Website to provide services at the request of users.
This Website use strictly necessary cookies to:
Identify you as being logged in to this Website
Remember the goods and services you ordered when you get to the checkout page
Remember things like information you've entered on order forms when you navigate to different pages during your session on this Website
Remember things like service selections you have made which are essential for us to provide you with services you have requested
Make sure you connect to the right service on our website when we make any changes to the way the website works
Performance
Performance cookies allow us to update this Website to cater for Website user preferences and improve performance. They collect information about how this Website is used, e.g. which pages users visit most often and where error messages are delivered. These cookies don't collect information that identifies individuals. All information is aggregated and therefore anonymous.
This Website use performance cookies to:
Provide statistics on how this Website is used (including selections that you have made and goods and services that you have viewed, during your use of this Website)
See how effective our adverts are
Enable us to track and improve this Website by analysing visitor behaviour and results.
Improve the management and performance of tags on this Website.
Functional
Functional cookies allow this Website to remember choices you make, e.g. your user name, log in details and language preferences and any customisations you make to Website pages during your visit. They are necessary to provide features and services specific to individual users.
This Website use functional cookies to:
Identify you as having consented to use of cookies by this Website
Remember settings you've applied (such as layout, text size, preferences and colours)
Remember selections you have made (such as search functions and results, and goods and services)
Apply customised content segments to individual users
Apply users' individual service specifications (such as usage or credit allowance)
Share information with partners to provide a service on our website. The information shared is only to be used to provide the service, product or function and not for any other purpose
Targeting or advertising cookies
These cookies collect information about your browsing habits on this Website in order to make advertising both on this Website and other websites you subsequently visit relevant to you and your interests, to limit the number of times those adverts are served to you and to help measure the effectiveness of advertising campaigns.
This website uses the following targeting/advertising cookies:
Google / DoubleClick
(you can learn more about how these cookies operate here: http://www.google.com/intl/en-GB/policies/technologies/ads/)
Turn Audience
(you can learn more about how these cookies operate here: http://www.turn.com/privacy/)
Cognitive Match
(you can learn more about how these cookies operate here: http://cognitivematch.com/privacy_policy)
You can also manage many organisations’ cookies used for online advertising at http://www.youronlinechoices.com/uk/your-ad-choices