https://petitepluspatterns.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy – Petite Plus Patterns
This privacy policy sets out how Petite Plus Patterns uses and protects any information that you give when you are using this website.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties.
We are committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, you can be assured it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Petite Plus Patterns may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from January 1, 2017.
We may collect the following information:
Name and address
Contact information including telephone and email address
Demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
Other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
We require this information to process your order, to understand your needs and to provide you with better service.
We use the information in our internal bookkeeping and to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think may be of interest.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put into place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites. Please be aware that we have no control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide while visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Search for:
About
Our Story
Compliments
FAQ
Press Reviews
Retail Locations
Sizing
Shipping & Returns
Contact Us
Shop
Classes with Kathleen
Dresses
Jackets & Coats
Lounge & Sleepwear
Pants & Shorts
Skirts
Tops
Vests
Videos
Construct Princess Seamed Blazer
Tutorials
Classes with Kathleen
Curvy Little Women Who Sew
Pattern Extenders
Perfect Fit Guide
Wardrobe Builder
Fun
Tips
Trivia
Wardrobe Builder
Your Projects
Contact Us
Login
Newsletter
Login
Username or email address *
Password *
Remember me
Log in
Lost your password?
Register
Email address *
A password will be sent to your email address.
Your personal data will be used to support your experience throughout this website, to manage access to your account, and for other purposes described in our privacy policy.
Register