http://phc-online.com/terms.asp
Skip to content
Terms and Conditions
All users of this site agree that access to and use of this site are subject to the following terms and conditions and other applicable law. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use this site.
Returns & Cancellations
For hygiene reasons or manufacturer's restrictions not all products are returnable. Bath/Shower, incontinence, and other personal products can not be returned. Please refer to our full Return Policy Page or call Customer Service Toll-free 1-866-722-4581. Hours 8:30am - 6:00pm CST Mon-Fri.
What if I receive a damaged or defective item:
Please inspect your package when it arrives. If your item is defective or was damaged in shipping, please call Customer Service us at 1-866-722-4581 or email us at service@phc-online.com.
We will promptly arrange for the product to be repaired or replaced.
Business information:PHC-Online.com conducts Internet and Mail-order sales from it's offices located in Las Vegas NV, Dallas TX, Chandler AZ.
PHC has been delivering products purchased on the website since 1999.
Copyright:The entire content included in this site, including but not limited to text, graphics or code is copyrighted as a collective work under the United States and other copyright laws, and is the property of PHC The collective work includes works that are licensed to PHC Copyright 1999-2020, PHC ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Permission is granted to electronically copy and print hard copy portions of this site for the sole purpose of placing an order with www.phc-online.com or purchasing www.phc-online.com products. You may display and, subject to any expressly stated restrictions or limitations relating to specific material, download or print portions of the material from the different areas of the site solely for your own non-commercial use, or to place an order with www.phc-online.com or to purchase www.phc-online.com products. Any other use, including but not limited to the reproduction, distribution, display or transmission of the content of this site is strictly prohibited, unless authorized by www.phc-online.com. You further agree not to change or delete any proprietary notices from materials downloaded from the site.
Trademarks:All trademarks, service marks and trade names of www.phc-online.com used in the site are registered trademarks of www.phc-online.com.
Limitation of Liability:www.phc-online.com shall not be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials on this site or the performance of the products, even if www.phc-online.com has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Applicable law may not allow the limitation of exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.
Typographical Errors:In the event that a www.phc-online.com product is mistakenly listed at an incorrect price, www.phc-online.com reserves the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. www.phc-online.com reserves the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is cancelled, www.phc-online.com shall issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price.
Use of Site:Harassment in any manner or form on the site, including via e-mail, chat, or by use of obscene or abusive language, is strictly forbidden. Impersonation of others, including a www.phc-online.com or other licensed employee, host, or representative, as well as other members or visitors on the site is prohibited. You may not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through the site any content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable which may constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or which may otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law. You may not upload commercial content on the site or use the site to solicit others to join or become members of any other commercial online service or other organization.
Indemnification:You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless www.phc-online.com and PHC, its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers (collectively the "Service Providers") from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any violation of these terms and conditions or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing the site using your Internet account.
Privacy: www.phc-online.com has a strict privacy policy that applies to all information about you, our customer. www.phc-online.com does not maintain records on the internet once a transaction has been processed and we do not provide any information to third parties about our customers. What this means to you is that your personal information will not be used for any other reason than the one you intended.