http://philangles.co.uk/privacy/
+44 (0)1925 231151
sales@philangles.co.uk
Twitter
Twitter
Terms & Conditions
Go To Latest Sale(s)
Privacy Policy
Sep 15, 2015
Philangles Ltd is an independent firm of stamp dealers established in 1990, S J Carson is the sole proprietor.
This policy covers the treatment of personally identifiable information that Philangles Ltd collects when you use philangles.co.uk and auction.philangles.co.uk. Links from these sites to other web sites are not covered by this policy.
Information collection
You can visit our sites and use many of the services without telling us who you are or giving us any personally identifiable information. However, you will only be able to bid in our online auctions once you have registered.
Cookies
Philangles Ltd uses cookies for the general running of the site. Cookies are used to maintain a unique ‘id.’ on your browser whilst you use the site, they are also used to hold the ‘id’ of any items you have added to your bid list. All cookies are deleted once you close your browser
Information Sharing and Disclosure
Where you register you give us your name, address, telephone and email details only. Philangles Ltd will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
Security
While we strive to keep the information that you supply secure, please be aware that the Internet is not a fully secure medium. We use secure servers for collecting sensitive information. All credit card details are encrypted for added security and are not stored on our webservers.
Policy changes
By using our site you agree to accept this privacy policy and are aware that our policy may change with time. Any changes to this policy will appear on this web page.
Summary of terms
Browser
Used to locate and display Web pages via a software application. The most popular ones are Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer.
Cookie
Message given to a web browser by a web server. The message is then stored by the browser in a text file called cookie.txt. Each time the browser requests a page from the server, this message is sent back. A cookie’s main objective is to identify users and personalise their visit by customising web pages for them for example by welcoming them by name next time they visit the same site. A site using cookies will usually invite you to provide personal information such as your name, e-mail address and interests.
IP (Internet Protocol)
All networks connected to the internet speak IP, the technical standard which allows data to be transmitted between two devices. TCP/IP (Transmission Control Protocol/Internet Protocol) is responsible for making sure messages get from one host to another and that the messages are understood.
IP address
If you are connected to the Internet you have one, for example it may look something like this 198.184.98.9
Secure Server
This allows information to be sent ‘securely’ by encrypting the information you send. HTTPS (Hypertext Transfer Protocol over Secure Socket Layer, or HTTP over SSL) is a facility built into a browser that encrypts and decrypts user page requests as well as the pages that are returned by the Web server.
Web Server
Delivers (serves up) web pages to your computer.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. By continuing to use this site you agree to our use of cookies. Accept Read More