https://pinchapenny.com/info/privacy-and-security
Home Help Privacy & Security
Privacy & Security
Pinch A Penny Privacy Statement
This Privacy Statement was updated August 11, 2018 for Pinch A Penny, Inc. individually and on behalf of its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, “Pinch A Penny”).
Pinch A Penny has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to protecting our customers’ personal information. We use your information to support and enhance our relationship with you.
Pinch A Penny collects information about you from a variety of sources, including, but not limited to, information we collect directly from you such as your name, billing and shipping addresses, phone number, e-mail address, credit card information, password and certain demographic information. We utilize the information we receive in order to do, but not limited to, the following:
Send printed materials you have requested and mailings that may be of interest to you, provided you have not requested otherwise;
Send exclusive e-mail offers of new product announcements and special promotions, provided you have not opted out of receiving these notifications;
Send you SMS or MMS messages as set forth in our Personal Account Information policy;
Process and track your orders;
Send order and shipping confirmation e-mails;
Tailor your experience at our site, presenting content customized to your interest;
You may terminate communications at any time by notifying us.
Pinch A Penny might also collect information about you from commercially available sources.
Pinch A Penny uses the information collected for business purposes such as providing you with services you request or telling you about services we offer.
We do not sell your personal information to marketing companies outside of Pinch A Penny. Pinch A Penny might, however, share your information when required to comply with our legal obligations under law or to government authorities. There might be times when Pinch A Penny contracts with third-parties to provide certain services such as e-mail advertising, web hosting, online services, payment processing and fraud prevention and detection services. These companies are prohibited from using this information for their own marketing purposes. You also may ask at any time to see the data you have given us and request correction or deletion.
Joining the Pinch A Penny E-mail Specials Program gives you access to special in-store offers, expert pool care advice and notices on pool service offerings. However, if you choose not to receive further specials by e-mail, please select the “Unsubscribe” or “Update Profile” link provided at the bottom of any of our e-mail offerings.
This website is not targeted to or intended to be used or accessed by individuals under the age of 13. Pinch A Penny does not knowingly collect information from minors under the age of 21.
The use of cookies helps us to provide you with a more personalized shopping experience. A “cookie” is stored on your computer as a reference to your visit to our website. Cookies allow you to interact with our offerings, discounts, and provides access to your Pinch A Penny shopping cart and checkout. The cookies reside on your computer until you remove them. Click Here to learn how to remove “Cookies” from your computer.
Please Note: Pinch A Penny’s ordering process requires the use of cookies. Click Here if you are having trouble checking-out your product purchase and you are not sure if your computer has cookies enabled. The “Cookie” provides us with no personal information.
We are firmly committed to protecting your privacy and employ high-level encryption methods to assist us. To learn more about Pinch A Penny’s online security, please select one of the options below:
The DMA Consumer Assistance Website
What “Cookies” are and why we use them
What IP Addresses are and why we use them
My Account
Sign In
Register
Reset My Password
Check Order Status
Check Gift Card Balance
Rewards & Rebates
Perfect Rewards Program
Product Rebate Center
FAQs
Ordering & Returns
Shipping & Delivery
Oversized Shipments
Product Recalls
Policies
Privacy Policy
Personal Account Information
Customer Satisfaction
Promotion Card Terms & Conditions
Florida Pool Motor Regulations
Legal
Company Information
About Us
Careers
Franchise Information
Manufacturers
Charitable Giving