https://pinnaclemgp.com/sytek-privacy-policy.html
218.444.2180 | 800.343.8086
Home
Services
Websites
Social Media
Video Production
Design Services
Targeted Campaigns
Online & Print Directories
Dynamic Media
News & Events
Who We Are
Our Team
Careers
Partners
Resources
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Pinnacle Marketing Group understands that the security of private information used from our client’s websites is a concern. We practice a commitment to safeguard your online privacy and have implemented a policy to protect the privacy to all who visit the Pinnacle Marketing Group websites. By using this site, you agree to the terms of our policy. Your information will not be shared with anyone except for what is contained in this policy.
Collection and Use of Data:
Pinnacle Marketing Group and our third-party service providers may collect personal information while using our services. The personal information collected may include your email address, name, phone number, postal address, Internet Protocol (IP) address, internet service provider, or other personal information. This collected data is to help supply you with requested products or services or other means to which you have given your consent by using our site. The information is collected when you fill out forms, subscribe to our services, complete a survey, or download content. Cookies may be used on our site to collect information about our site visitors. A Cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a Web Server and stored on the hard drive of your computer. If you do not wish to have Cookies enabled, visit the Help feature on your browser to turn Cookies off, however, doing so may interrupt your ability to use some of our services.
Pinnacle Marketing Group and our third-party service providers will only use your personal information to improve, manage, or maintain our website and services, manage any online purchases through our site, communicate with you for various reasons, or conduct market research. We may use your personal data to share information which you may find interesting, such as news events, promotional materials, or other marketing interests.
Google Analytics and Remarketing:
Pinnacle Marketing Group and our third-party vendors use the Google Analytics tool to track information to better supply services to our site visitors. This allows us to understand who visits our website, how said website is being used by the visitor, what is popular on said website, and if visitors return to the website. Google Analytics uses cookies to collect information about a visitor’s behavior and generates reports on website use. Remarketing is the practice of using third-party vendors to inform, optimize, and serve ads based on your past visits to our website.
Where Your Data Is Shared:
Pinnacle Marketing Group may share your personal data with companies supplying us with services such as credit card processors and website hosts. We may disclose your personal information in response to legal process when required, and to our third-party service providers who help target ads to consumers.
Security:
The security of your personal information is important to Pinnacle Marketing Group. We practice security measures of your personal data that will protect your information from use or discloser from anyone outside Pinnacle Marketing Group or its third-party vendor, however the use of any internet or electronic storage is never fully secure and Pinnacle Marketing Group cannot ensure the complete  security of your personal information.
Children:
Pinnacle Marketing Group does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. If information has been shared with us without the permission of a parent or guardian, please contact Pinnacle Marketing Group so we can take steps to remove the information from our servers.
Contact Us:
Please contact Pinnacle Marketing Group if you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policy. Pinnacle Marketing Group is not responsible for links to other sites and their privacy practices.
Pinnacle Marketing Group
4030 Technology Drive, NW
Bemidji, MN 56601
Toll Free: 800-343-8086
Email: info@pinnaclemgp.com
218.444.2180 | 800.343.8086 | 4030 Technology Drive NW | Bemidji, MN 56601
Home
Services
News & Events
Who We Are
Partners
Contact Us
Copyright © 2020 Pinnacle Marketing Group
Terms & Conditions