https://pjsupply.com/terms-and-conditions/
Skip to content
PJSC
Terms and Conditions
Order acceptance policy – Terms and Conditions
The purchaser shall be be soley responsible for determining the adequacy of the product for any and all uses.  Statements or descriptions are informational only.  These products can cause harm or serious injury if used incorrectly. The sale of any and all of its products shall not create any warranty of merchantability express or implied.
The products supplied by Polishers & Jewelers Supply Corp. shall be suitable only for the purpose designed and intended and the customer shall ensure the products handled, stored, installed, usage, applied, worn or otherwise dealt with a normal and proper manner, and where applicable, in a manner consistent with the instructions.  If a product does or does not have instructions, it is the customers responsibility to have the proper schooling and knowledge for all products purchased on this website/catalog.  All items must be used and stored with local and federal laws.
Your receipt of an electronic or other form of order confirmation does not signify our acceptance of your order, nor does it constitute confirmation of our offer to sell. Polishers & Jewelers Supply Corp. reserves the right at any time after receipt of your order to accept or decline your order for any reason or to supply less than the quantity you ordered of any item.
In the event a product is listed at an incorrect price due to typographical error or error in pricing information received from our suppliers, Polishers & Jewelers Supply Corp. shall have the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price.
Returns
Please contact us for a return number within five business days. We will issue a return number.  Merchandise must be returned with invoice copy, all packing, directions and box in sellable condition. The item must be returned with prepaid shipping by the customer. Restocking fee is 10%.  The customer is responsible for shipping costs and must return the package prepaid with a tracking number.
Any shortage or damage must be reported upon receipt.  Please take pictures of any damaged items and boxes.
Shipping
All items are shipped UPS, Fedex ground or Postal Service.  We are not responsible for delays in shipping services.
Large and heavy orders may ship via motor freight.  An additional fee may apply.
Shop
Catalog
About Us
PJSC News
Contact Us
Info
Privacy policy
Terms & Conditions
Links
Login
Login
Username or email address *
Password *
Login
Remember me
Lost your password?
Register
Email address *
First Name
Last Name
Register