https://pleasanthillgrain.com/privacy-policy
Shop By Category
Appliances
Fruit Presses
Meat Processing
Grains & Foods
Cookware & Bakeware
Dining
Cook's Tools
Home
Outdoor
Preparedness
Commercial
Clearance
New Products
Sales & Specials
Shop Our Brand Pages
Help & Info
Customer Service
Account Login
Holiday Hours
Shipping/Delivery
Returns
Resources
Meet Our Team
About Us
Baking Glossary
Our Blog
Shop by Brand
Clearance
Why Choose PHG?
Testimonials
Career Opportunities
Gift Registry
Replacement Parts
Privacy
Contact
info@pleasanthillgrain.com
Toll-free:
(866) 467-6123
Intl:
(866) 467-6123
Customer Service
M-F: 8:30AM - 6:00PM, CST
Sat: 8:30AM - 3:00PM, CST
Customer Service
M-F: 8:30AM - 6:00PM, CST
Sat: 8:30AM - 3:00PM, CST
Pleasant Hill Grain
210 South 1st Street
Hampton, NE 68843
Appliances
Fruit Presses
Meat Processing
Grains & Foods
Cookware & Bakeware
Dining
Cook's Tools
Home
Outdoor
Preparedness
Commercial
Christmas Shopping UpdateToday we're shipping orders for in-stock items placed December 9. Our Hampton showroom is temporarily closed. Despite high order volume, our amazing shipping team is rapidly reducing processing times—we’ve recently added 20 new team members! We greatly appreciate your business and we’re doing our very best to serve you, as Jim C. of California tells. A word to the wise: Because resupply of many product lines remains daunting, and processing times may grow again in coming weeks, there’s never been a year like this to do your Christmas shopping and other year-end buying as early as possible!
Home
/
Privacy Policy
Free shipping on orders over $59!*
"Pleasant Hill Grain is a top notch company. You process orders quickly without error and also resolve returns to the customer's satisfaction. Other companies I've ordered from online don't measure up to Pleasant Hill Grain!" — Pat Perusse, MD
Privacy Policy
What personal information do we collect from people visiting our website or blog?
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or other details.
How do we use your information?
We use information you provide when you make a purchase or register to:
To provide you with historical account information including access to previously placed orders.
To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service needs.
To quickly process your transactions.
How do we protect visitor information?
Our website is scanned on a regular basis for potential security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible.
All card transactions are processed through a payment gateway provider and are not processed or stored on our servers.
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
Do we use 'cookies'?
Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. We use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They're also used to taylor your shopping experience, for example by preventing unnecessary repetition of certain informational messages. In addition, we use cookies to help us compile aggregate (not individualized) data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools to everyone, in the future.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser's Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If you disable cookies, some features will be unavailable, including online ordering. However, you could still place orders by phone, by calling our customer service representatives during phone service hours.
Third Party Disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information.
Third party links
We do not include or offer third party products or services on our website
COPPA (Child Oline Privacy Protection Act)
We do not specifically market to children under 13.
Contacting Us
Pleasanthillgrain.com
210 S 1st St Hampton, Nebraska 68843, USA
Last Edited on 2014-10-08
© 2020 Pleasant Hill Grain, All Rights Reserved.
To complete your subscription, we will need your email address:
Subscribe
Cancel
Return to top
Back to top
"I have never before received such prompt service when ordering any item from a company. I placed my order late in the afternoon and had exactly what I ordered in my mailbox less than 48 hours later. It was a pleasure doing business with you." — Sue Belair, WI