https://pmcdesigns.com/privacy-policy/
Patti values your privacy.
BACKGROUND:
PMC DESIGNS and Patti Medaris Culea (also referred to as “Us”, “We”, or “Our”) respects and values the privacy of everyone who visits our website, www.pmcdesigns.com (“Our Site”). We will only collect and use personal data in ways that are described herein, and in a way that is consistent with our obligations and your rights under the law.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully and ensure that you understand it. Your acceptance of this Privacy Policy is deemed to occur upon your first use of Our Site.
Definitions and Interpretations:
In this Policy the following terms shall be understood to mean the following:
“Account” — an account required to access and/or use certain areas and features of Our Site and/or Platform.
“Cookie” — a small text file placed on your computer or device by Our Site or Platform when you visit certain parts of Our Site or Platform and/or when you use certain features of Our Site or Platform.
“Cookie Law” — the relevant parts of the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003.
Information About Us:
Our Site and Our Platform are maintined by Galli Creative, a sole-proprietorship based in Long Beach, California,USA.
Registered address:
PO BOX 152, Long Beach, CA, 90801, USA
Email address: contact-us@gallicreative.com
Telephone number: +1 (562) 385-7808
What does this policy cover?
This Privacy Policy applies only to your use of Our Site and Platform. Our Site and Platform may contain links to other websites. Please note that we have no control over how your data is collected, stored, or used by other websites and we advise you to check the privacy policies of any such websites before providing any data to them.
What is Personal Data?
Personal data is defined by the General Data Protection Regulation (EU Regulation 2016/679) (the “GDPR”) as ‘any information relating to an identifiable person who can be directly or indirectly identified in particular by reference to an identifier’.
Personal data is, in simpler terms, any information about you that enables you to be identified. Personal data covers obvious information such as your name and contact details, but it also covers less obvious information such as identification numbers, electronic location data, and other online identifiers.
What Are My Rights?
Under the GDPR, you have the following rights, which we will always work to uphold:
a)The right to be informed about our collection and use of your personal data. This Privacy Policy should tell you everything you need to know, but you can always contact us to find out more or to ask any questions using the details in Part 15.
b)The right to access the personal data we hold about you. Part 13 will tell you how to do this.
c)The right to have your personal data rectified if any of your personal data held by us is inaccurate or incomplete. Please contact us using the details in Part 15 to find out more.
d)The right to be forgotten, i.e. the right to ask us to delete or otherwise dispose of any of your personal data that we have. Please contact us using the details in Part 15 to find out more.
e)The right to restrict (i.e. prevent) the processing of your personal data.
f)The right to object to us using your personal data for a particular purpose or purposes.
g)The right to data portability. This means that, if you have provided personal data to us directly, we are using it with your consent or for the performance of a contract, and that data is processed using automated means, you can ask us for a copy of that personal data to re-use with another service or business in many cases.
h)Rights relating to automated decision-making and profiling. We do not use your personal data in this way.
What Data do we Collect?
Depending upon your use of Our Site and Platform, we may collect some or all of the following personal and non-personal data:
Name;
Address;
Email address;
Telephone number;
Business name;
Payment information;
Information about your preferences and interests;
IP address;
Web browser type and version;
Operating system;
A list of URLs starting with a referring site, your activity on Our Site, and the site you exit to.
How Do You Use My Personal Data?
Under the GDPR, we must always have a lawful basis for using personal data. This may be because the data is necessary for our performance of a contract with you, because you have consented to our use of your personal data, or because it is in our legitimate business interests to use it. Your personal data may be used for one of the following purposes:
Providing and managing your Account on Our Platform;
Providing and managing your access to Our Site and Platform;
Personalizing and tailoring your experience on Our Site and Platform;
Supplying Our Platform for your usage and services to you. Your personal details are required in order for us to enter into a contract with you.
Personalizing and tailoring Our Platform and services for you.
Communicating with you. This may include responding to emails, support tickets or calls from you.
Supplying you with information by email that you have opted-in to (you may unsubscribe or opt-out at any time by sending an email to contact-us@gallicreative.com).
Analyzing your use of Our Site and Platform and gathering feedback to enable us to continually improve Our Site and Platform your overall user experience.
With your permission and/or where permitted by law, we may also use your personal data for marketing purposes, which may include contacting you by email or telephone or text message with information, news, and offers on Our Platform and Services. You will not be sent any unlawful marketing or spam. We will always work to fully protect your rights and comply with our obligations under the GDPR and the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003, and you will always have the opportunity to opt-out.
Third Parties whose digital tools we use on Our Site and Platform may use third-party Cookies, as detailed below. Please note that we do not control the activities of such third parties, nor the data that they collect and use themselves, and we advise you to check the privacy policies of any such third parties.
How Long Will You Keep My Personal Data?
We will not keep your personal data for any longer than is necessary in light of the reason(s) for which it was first collected. Your personal data will therefore be kept for the following periods (or, where there is no fixed period, the following factors will be used to determine how long it is kept):
For as long as you keep a paid or trial account with Our Platform.
For as long as you remain subscribed (have positively opted-in) in our emailing list and wish to receive news and offers from us.
If none of the above is, then we will keep your data for maximum period of two years following your initial communication or signup/personal data submission.
How and Where Do You Store or Transfer My Personal Data?
We will only transfer your personal data to countries that the European Commission has deemed to provide an adequate level of personal data protection. More information is available from the European Commission. Where we transfer your data to a third party based in the US, this may be protected if they are part of the EU-US Privacy Shield. This requires that third party to provide data protection to standards similar to those in Europe. More information is available from the European Commission.
Please contact us for further information about the particular data protection mechanism used by us when transferring your personal data to a third country.
Do You Share My Personal Data?
We may sometimes contract with third parties to supply certain features of Our Site, Platform and services. These may include payment processing, delivery, and marketing. In some cases, those third parties may require access to some or all of your personal data that we hold.
If any of your personal data is required by a third party, as described above, we will take steps to ensure that your personal data is handled safely, securely, and in accordance with your rights, our obligations, and the third party’s obligations under the law, as described above.
In some limited circumstances, we may be legally required to share certain personal data, which might include yours, if we are involved in legal proceedings or complying with legal obligations, a court order, or the instructions of a government authority.
How Can I Control My Personal Data?
In addition to your rights under the GDPR, set out in Part 5, when you submit personal data via Our Site and Platform, you may be given options to restrict our use of your personal data. In particular, we aim to give you strong controls on our use of your data for direct marketing purposes (including the ability to opt-out of receiving emails from us which you may do by unsubscribing using the links provided in our emails, at the point of providing your details, or and by managing your Account).
Can I Withhold Information?
You may access certain areas of Our Site without providing any personal data at all. However, to use all features and functions available on Our Site and Platform you may be required to submit or allow for the collection of certain data.
You may restrict our use of Cookies.
How Can I Access My Personal Data?
If you want to know what personal data we have about you, you can ask us for details of that personal data and for a copy of it (where any such personal data is held).
How do you use Cookies?
Our Site and Platform may place and access certain first-party Cookies on your computer or device. First-party Cookies are those placed directly by us and are used only by us. We use Cookies to facilitate and improve your experience of Our Site and Platform, and to provide and improve our products and services. We have carefully chosen these Cookies and have taken steps to ensure that your privacy and personal data is protected and respected at all times.
By using Our Site and Platform, you may also receive certain third-party Cookies on your computer or device. Third-party Cookies are those placed by websites, services, and/or parties other than us. Third-party Cookies are used on Our Site for analytics and for marketing purposes. For more details, please refer to the table below. These Cookies are not integral to the functioning of Our Site and Platform and your use and experience of Our Site and Platform will not be impaired by refusing consent to them.
All Cookies used by and on Our Site are used in accordance with current Cookie Law.
Before Cookies are placed on your computer or device, you will be shown a banner requesting your consent to set those Cookies. By giving your consent to the placing of Cookies you are enabling us to provide the best possible experience and service to you. You may, if you wish, deny consent to the placing of Cookies; however certain features of Our Site and Platform may not function fully or as intended.
Certain features of Our Site and Platform depend on Cookies to function. Cookie Law deems these Cookies to be “strictly necessary”. These Cookies are shown in the table below. Your consent will not be sought to place these Cookies, but it is still important that you are aware of them. You may still block these Cookies by changing your internet browser’s settings as detailed below, but please be aware that Our Site may not work properly if you do so. We have taken great care to ensure that your privacy is not at risk by allowing them.
In addition to the controls that we provide, you can choose to enable or disable Cookies in your internet browser. Most internet browsers also enable you to choose whether you wish to disable all Cookies or only third-party Cookies. By default, most internet browsers accept Cookies, but this can be changed. For further details, please consult the help menu in your internet browser or the documentation that came with your device.
You can choose to delete Cookies on your computer or device at any time, however you may lose any information that enables you to access Our Site and Platform more quickly and efficiently including, but not limited to, login and personalization settings.
It is recommended that you keep your internet browser and operating system up-to-date and that you consult the help and guidance provided by the developer of your internet browser and manufacturer of your computer or device if you are unsure about adjusting your privacy settings.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may change this Privacy Notice from time to time. This may be necessary, for example, if the law changes, or if we change our business in a way that affects personal data protection.
Any changes will be immediately posted on Our Site and you will be deemed to have accepted the terms of the Privacy Policy on your first use of Our Site following the alterations. We recommend that you check this page regularly to keep up-to-date.
CURRENT AS OF 07-MAR-2019.
Get in Touch!
To send me a message from the website, please click the button below. Thanks!
9019 Stargaze Ave.
San Diego, CA 92129
pculea@gmail.com
CONTACT PATTI
©2019 Patti Medaris Culea. Reproduction prohibited without authorization.
View my Privacy Policy.