http://probreeders.com/privacy-policy
Home
About
Breeding Colonies
Arizona Reticulated Gila Monsters
Utah Banded Gila Monsters
Panda Ball Pythons
Albino Piebald Ball Pythons
Tarahumara Mountain Kingsnakes
Availability
Arizona Reticulated Gila Monster
Utah Banded Gila Monsters
Panda Ball Pythons
Contact
Privacy PolicyThis Privacy Policy was last modified on December 1st, 2016
Professional Breeders ("Probreeders") operates www.probreeders.com (the "Site"). This page informs you of Professional Breeder's policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information Professional Breeders receives from users of the Site.Professional Breeders uses your Personal Information only for providing and improving the Site. By using the Site, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. 1. Information Collection and Use While using Professional Breeder's Site, we may ask you to provide Professional Breeders with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to, your name, email address, postal address and phone number ("Personal Information"). 2. Log DataLike many site operators, Professional Breeders collects information that your browser sends whenever you visit Professional Breeder's Site ("Log Data"). This Log Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Site that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics. 3. CookiesCookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer's hard drive.Like many sites, Professional Breeders uses "cookies" to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of Professional Breeders' Site. 4. Security The security of your Personal Information is important to Professional Breeders, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While Professional Breeders strives to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, Professional Breeders cannot guarantee its absolute security. 5. Links to Other SitesProfessional Breeders' Site may contain links to other sites that are not operated by Professional Breeders. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. Professional Breeders strongly advises you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit. Professional Breeders has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party sites or services. 6. Changes to this Privacy PolicyProfessional Breeders may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. Professional Breeders will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on the Site. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. 7. Contact If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please use this contact form to submit your message.
U.S and CanadaPhone and Fax(800) 487-9658  (406) 862-9220InternationalPhone and Fax(406) 862-9220Email  probreeders@yahoo.com