http://programmemaster.com/terms-conditions
Terms & Conditions | ProgrammeMaster
Login
0 Search
Home
Home
ProgrammeStore
NewsDesk
Aboutus
OurServices
Getin Touch
Terms & Conditions
Welcome to the Terms & Conditions of Use for this website (the “Site”). Your use of the Site is subject to these Terms & Conditions along with any specific terms and conditions set forth on the individual pages within this Site (collectively, the “Terms & Conditions”) and all applicable laws and regulations, including those regarding copyright, trademark, and other intellectual property rights. Your submission of information on this Site is subject to Programme Master Ltd.’s Privacy Policy for Guests (available at www.pml.media), which is hereby incorporated into these Terms & Conditions.
The Site offers information on programmes and services managed, franchised, owned, licensed, or developed by affiliates of Programme Master Ltd. As used throughout the Site, the terms “Programme Master Ltd.,” “the Company,” “our,” “we,” “us,” “our,” and other similar terms may refer to one or more of Programme Master Ltd. subcontractors, Programme Master Ltd., or one or more of their direct or indirect subsidiaries or affiliates. All of these terms are used for convenience only and are not intended as a precise designation of any of particular entity.
Returns and Refunds
Should you have an issue with a product purchased from this website, please contact enquiries@pml.media stating what the issue is (with photographic proof if relevant).
Refunds (including postage and packaging) will only be given for items which are faulty or incorrect.
Cookie Statement
PLEASE READ THIS COOKIE STATEMENT CAREFULLY BEFORE USING OR OBTAINING ANY MATERIALS, INFORMATION, PRODUCTS OR SERVICES THROUGH THE SITE. BY ACCESSING THE SITE, YOU AGREE TO ACCEPT, WITHOUT LIMITATION OR QUALIFICATION, THIS COOKIE STATEMENT. We reserve the right to change, update, or correct any of this Cookie Statement or any information contained in the Site at any time without notice by posting an amended statement to the Site. Your continued use of the Site means that you accept and agree to the revised Cookie Statement. If you do not accept this Cookie Statement (as amended from time to time), please exit the Site immediately.
What is a Cookie?
A cookie is a text file that contains small amounts of information that are downloaded to your computer or mobile device when you visit a website. A cookie is then sent back to the originating website on each subsequent visit to another website that recognizes that cookie. Cookies are useful because they allow a website to recognize a user’s device. You can find more information about cookies at: www.allaboutcookies.org.
Cookies on This Site
On the Site, cookies do several different jobs. They let you navigate between pages efficiently, remember your preferences, and generally improve your experience on the Site. They can also help to ensure that advertisements that you see online are more relevant to you and your interests.
The cookies used on this Site can be categorized in four ways: (1) cookies that are strictly necessary; (2) cookies that assist with the performance of the Site; (3) cookies that record functionality requests; and (4) targeting cookies. Each of these is further explained below.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
These cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around the Site and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the Site. Without these cookies, services that you have requested, such as making a hotel reservation online, cannot be provided. These cookies do not gather information about you that could be used for marketing purposes. By using this Site, you agree that we may place these types of cookies on your device.
Performance Cookies
These cookies collect information about how you use this Site. For example, they may collect information on which pages you visit most often or if you received an error message from one of the pages on this Site. These cookies do not directly collect information that identifies you. When you provide information that identifies yourself, we may use these cookies to provide relevant information on the Site based on information that you have provided and your activities on the Site. By using this Site, you agree that we may place these types of cookies on your device.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies allow the Site to remember the choices that you make, such as your user name, language preference, or the region that you are in. The Site then uses that information to provide enhanced features. These cookies can also be used to remember changes that you have made to text size, font, and other parts of the Site that you can customize. While the information collected by these cookies is anonymous, these cookies may be able to identify you when combined with other data because they track certain ISP information for your settings. They do not gather any information about you that could be used for advertising or remembering where you have been on the Internet. When you choose to make changes to options or settings on the Site, you agree that Hyatt may place functionality cookies on your device. By using this Site, you agree that we may place these types of cookies on your device.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies collect several pieces of information about your browsing habits. They are usually placed by advertising networks such as Google or Doubleclick. They remember that you have visited this Site and share this information with other organizations, such as advertisers. They do this in order to provide you with targeted advertisements that are more relevant to you and your interests. Although these cookies can track your visits to sites on the Internet, the cookies themselves do not usually know who you are. Without these cookies, online advertisements that you encounter will be less relevant to you and your interests. By using this Site, you agree that we may place these types of cookies on your device.
How to Restrict or Block Cookies
You can adjust the settings in your browser in order to restrict or block cookies that are set by the Site (or any other site on the Internet). Your browser may include information on how to adjust your settings.
Alternatively, you may visit  www.allaboutcookies.org to obtain comprehensive general information about cookies and how to adjust the cookie settings on various browsers. This site also explains how to delete cookies from your computer. You may also opt out of certain providers’ targeting cookies by using an opt-out scheme that is provided bywww.youronlinechoices.eu.
Please be aware that restricting cookies may impact the functionality of the Site.
Revised 6th September 2019
08700 202020
Purchases
Programme Store
Your Cart
Checkout
Account
Services
Publishing
Digital
Advertising
Useful Pages
Our Services
Get in Touch
News Desk
Vacancies
Social
Facebook
Twitter
Info
Privacy
Data Security & Privacy Notice
Terms & Conditions
3rd Floor
Olympic Office Centre
Wembley
London
HA9 0NU
United Kingdom
Copyright © 2019 - ProgrammeMaster Ltd