http://prolinedigital.com/terms-of-service
(800) 325-0853Homeabout us products contact usMoreHomeabout us products contact us(800) 325-0853Homeabout us products contact us
Privacy and Security
Proline Digital is committed to ensuring your privacy and security as a valued customer.All information transmitted through our site is secured using the latest encryption methods. Personal and credit card information is filed securely with confidential status.We do not share, sell or trade any customer information.
ProLine Digital uses and protects any information that you give ProLine Digital when you use this website.
ProLine Digital is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
ProLine Digital may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective and current.What we collect
We may collect the following information:
name and job title
contact information including email address, physical address and phone numbers
demographic information such as postcode and preferences
other information relevant to customer order processing, surveys and/or offers
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional email about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail.
We may use the information to customize the website according to your interests.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure we have put in place audited physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
GET IN TOUCH WITH US AT PROLINE DIGITAL TODAY
Copyright © 2020 Proline Digital - All Rights Reserved.Homeabout us products terms of servicecontact us