https://punkinbutt.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Artisanal Baby Products
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy discloses the privacy policies of Punkin Butt and only applies to information collected by this website, https://punkinbutt.com/.
Information Collection
Punkin Butt collects information from you under the following two circumstances:
Information Collected Automatically – Some information is collected from you automatically when you view Punkin Butt pages and download information. This may include your Internet Protocol address assigned by your Internet Service Provider, domain name and the type of browser and operating system you used, the date and time you accessed Punkin Butt site, the pages you requested and visited, and the site you linked from to reach Punkin Butt uses this type of information to statistically measure site traffic and to improve the web site. The information is not reviewed on an individual basis, but is aggregated with other users for comparison purposes.
Information Voluntarily Submitted – Additional information may be collected from you if you opt in or voluntarily provide it in order to fulfill a request for on-line services.
Punkin Butt uses the information you voluntarily provide to tailor our site to your needs and preferences and to provide the on-line services you are requesting. The type of information we collect will vary with the service being sought and may include your name, address, phone number, and e-mail address. If you simply wish to view pages on Punkin Butt site, or conduct transactions, you do not need to personalize the site by registering for an account.
Registration
If you choose to register for anything on our site, you may be required to give certain information (such as email address or name). This information may be used to contact you about the products/services on our site in which you expressed interest.
Orders
If you choose to purchase a product or service from our website, certain information may be required including financial information. This information will be used only for billing and order fulfillment purposes. If we have trouble processing an order, we’ll use this information to contact you. Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes in this privacy policy. You may opt out of any future contacts from us at anytime. You can do this by contacting us via email or phone number displayed in the contact information on the website.
Cookies
Punkin Butt does not utilize cookies at this time. This, however, does not mean that Punkin Butt will not use cookies in the future. If changes to our cookie policy are made this page will be updated to reflect the changes. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone. We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request. Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
Punkin Butt will only send personal information about you to others when:
we have your consent to share the information
we need to share your information to provide the product or service you have requested
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline. Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the web page. While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Punkin Butt may amend this policy from time to time. Punkin Butt will prominently display on this website any substantial change in the way we use your personal information.
Shop Our Products
Contact Us