https://purewatercanada.com/terms-and-conditions/
Skip to content
Home
Our Story
Residential Glossary
Terms & Conditions
Contact
Home
Our Story
Residential Glossary
Terms & Conditions
Contact
Terms & Conditions
Please review these terms & conditions and warranty & refund policies carefully as they are the terms of sale that govern your purchases from purewatercanada.com. (hereafter know as “purewatercanada, Pure Water Canada or PWC”). They set out your rights and obligations with respect to your purchases, including important limitations and exclusions, such as product warranties. Your placement of an order from purewatercanada constitutes your agreement that these policies apply to the order, so please be certain you understand them before you place your order.
Please note there may be limitations on your right to return and obtain a refund for products. (see below)
BINDING AGREEMENT
Upon ordering any product or service from purewatercanada, these Consumer Terms and Conditions, will be deemed to be accepted by you and will constitute a legally valid and binding agreement between yourself and purewatercanada.
HOURS OF OPPERATION
If you would like product and pricing information, or for order status information, or other assistance with an order you have already placed the purewatercanada sales team is available to assist you by email or from 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. Monday to Friday Eastern time, at 1-888-349-7971.  (English only)
CANADIAN & US SALES
Purewatercanada will only sell and ship product within the boundaries of Canada and the Contagious United States. (Alaska, Hawaii, Territories and some Remote Locations Not included) No shipments can be made to P.O. Box addresses or addresses outside Canada. Products purchased at purewatercanada may not be exported without consent from the appropriate manufacturer as this may break territory agreements and void warranties. If you have questions or concerns please call or E-mail before placing your order as cancelations fees may apply once an order is placed.
SALES TO END-USERS
Purewatercanada sells and ships products to end-user consumers only. You may not purchase for resale.  Purewatercanada reserves the right to refuse or cancel your order if purewatercanada suspects you are purchasing for resale. You may be charged a restocking or cancellation fee if your order is cancelled.
If you wish to purchase for resale please call 1-888-349-7971 to talk to a sales person about setting up a resale account.
PROOF OF PURCHASE
Purewatercanada will send you confirmation of your order by email when your order is shipped along with any tracking number if applicable. Please keep this document as you will need it should you need to make a warranty claim.
CUSTOM-CONFIGURED PRODUCTS
Purewatercanada offers certain products that may be custom-configured to your specifications. Please review your order carefully. Once your custom-configured item has been ordered, it must be paid in full and it may not be changed, returned or canceled and no refunds will be issued.
PAYMENT METHODS
Credit Card
Purewatercanada accepts Visa, MasterCard. You may pay by credit card no matter which ordering method you use (internet or phone). Billing occurs at the time your order is placed. In the event a credit is given to you, ONLY the same credit card that you used to make your purchase will be credited.
Purewatercanada requires the credit card security code (CCV) & Postal or Zip Code for your card for any telephone or online purchase. The credit card security code is an individual three or four digit number specific to your credit card that may be printed on the back of your card, usually on the signature panel (Visa or MasterCard). Asking for and confirming your credit card’s security code and & billing Postal or Zip Code helps validate that you – and only you – are in the possession of your credit card and protects you from unauthorized use of your account.
Credit Card Cancellations: There will be a standard 15% cancellation fee. The fee will be applied to the total amount charged (including tax). Refunds for cancelled orders will be processed within 3 business days, less the assessed fee. If your order has shipped before cancelation request has been received other fees may apply.
Certified Cheque or Money Order
Purewatercanada accepts certified cheques and money orders as valid forms of payment. Personal or business cheques are also accepted. If you wish to pay by certified cheque or money order, you may order by phone at 1-888-349-7971. The certified cheque or money order must be payable to Pure Water Canada INC., and include your Web Order Number and/or a copy of your order. Please mail your payment to:
ONLINE ORDERS
Pure Water Canada INC.
137 Main St. West
Shelburne, Ontario
L9V 3K3
Purewatercanada must receive your payment within 10 calendar days or your order may be cancelled. Please allow up to a further ten (10) business days for clearing and order processing after purewatercanada receives your payment.
SALES TAX
Purewatercanada.com purchases will include appropriate sales tax based on where the product is shipped and the sales tax rate(s) in effect at the time your order invoices. The proof of purchase includes any applicable sales tax.
TAX-EXEMPT ORDERS
If your order is being placed on behalf of a tax-exempt individual(s), please call 1-888-349-7971. Please be prepared to provide proof of tax-exempt status. The individual name(s) on the order must exactly match the tax-exempt certificate based on the appropriate provincial requirements.
SHIPPING OPTIONS
Standard Shipping: Products shipped via Standard Shipping are normally delivered within eight business days after shipment. (Exceptions for Alaska, Hawaii, Territories and outlining & rural areas. Extra costs may also apply for these area)
Expedited Shipping: If you prefer a faster method of shipment, you may choose to pay for Expedited Shipping (currently provided by UPS, Canada Post and affiliated carriers). Shipping charges are based on the total weight of the order. Products shipped via Expedited Shipping are normally delivered within five business days after shipment. purewatercanada ships only within the boundaries of Canada & the conterminous United States, excluding P.O. boxes and freight forwarders. Delivery to the northern territories may take more than five business days.
FOB Point: All items are shipped FOB our dock. Once the carrier has your order it belongs to you and we no longer have control of it or its delivery.
Damaged goods received: Purewatercanada is not responsible for damage caused by the shipper either to your location or back to our warehouse. In the event of damage by the shipper, you are to make a claim through their claims department. See below.
Signature is required for delivery: Most of our shipments contain valuable equipment. If you will not be at the shipping address to accept delivery of your product, consider shipping the item to an address where someone you trust will be available to sign for your package. Once your order prepares for shipment or has shipped, we are unable to edit the shipping address. Title and risk of loss to all products will pass to you on shipment.
Undeliverable Packages: Occasionally packages are returned to us as undeliverable. When the carrier returns an undeliverable package to us, please contact us to make arrangements for reshipment. (A charge will apply for reshipment)
Failed Delivery Attempts: Most of our carriers make three attempts to deliver a package. After three delivery attempts, the package will be returned to us. Any Deliveries returned due to inability to deliver, for whatever reason, will have the shipping charges and restocking fee removed before any credit is issued.
Any delivery corrections due to wrong information from the customer at time of order will be charged back to the customer credit card. This includes all residential deliveries and special deliveries. Any orders entered on Purewaercanada that are incorrect and not cancelled or corrected by 5PM of the order day will be charged 15% to cancel the order and refund the payment your credit card over and above any restocking charges that may apply. The order day starts at 12AM EST.
FORCE MAJEURE
The Seller does not assume the risk of and shall not be liable for delay or failure to perform any of Seller’s obligations by reason of circumstances beyond the reasonable control of Seller (hereinafter “Events of Force Majeure”). Events of Force Majeure shall include without limitation, accidents, acts of God, strikes or labor disputes, acts, laws, rules or regulations of any government or government agency, fires, floods, delays or failures in delivery of carriers or suppliers, shortages of materials and any other cause beyond Seller’s control.
ORDER PROCESSING
Purewatercanada will provide you with a copy of the Consumer Terms and Conditions once you have placed your order if requested.  The products and/or services ordered by you will be described in your Invoice. Your total payment due, including all taxes, shipping, if any, will be as set forth in the Invoice.
The products and services ordered by you will be delivered to you at the address provided by you on check-out on purewatercanada.com, as set forth in the Invoice Receipt.
Your method of shipping will be selected by you at checkout, and will be set forth in the Invoice, along with the cost associated therewith. (You will be contacted by email if there are any changes in shipping amounts and will have a chance to cancel your order with a full refund)
PRICES/DESCRIPTION DISCREPANCIES
Purewatercanada endeavors to offer you competitive prices on current products and selected clearance products. Your total payment due includes the price of the product (on the day of shipping) plus any applicable sales tax and expedited shipping charges. Purewatercanada reserves the right to change prices for products displayed at any time.
Purewatercanada endeavors to check all prices and descriptions, but on occasion errors may occur. Purewatercanada shall not be responsible for errors or omissions in price or description and is not obligated to honor or conform to any incorrect price or description of the product.
PRODUCT AVALIBILTY
Purewatercanada makes every effort to ship your product according to the estimated lead times. The estimated lead times are in business days (Monday through Friday) excluding statutory holidays in the province of Ontario. Items will be ship as soon as they are available.
Although every effort is made to ship your order according to the lead time provided, shipping dates may change due to changes in supply. If the lead time changes, purewatercanada will contact you via email and provide a revised shipping estimate.
To view the most up-to-date status to your order, please call 1-888-349-7971.
Given the popularity of some products, purewatercanada may restrict the number of such items that you may purchase. Product limit restrictions may be imposed by purewatercanada. This information is subject to change.
Purewatercanada reserves the right to discontinue products without notice. If a product is no longer in purewatercanada’s inventory, purewatercanada reserves the right to cancel customer orders related to such product with a full refund being given.
PRODUCT WARRANTY
All Third-party products are sold “AS IS” by the purewatercanada, but may be accompanied by their manufacturers’ standard warranties. “AS IS” products are sold by purewatercanada “AS IS”, where is, and with all faults, and without express or implied warranties from purewatercanada. If you have questions about any manufacturers’ warranties that accompany such products, please contact us at 1-888-349-7971 and we will attempt to find or explain the warranty or contact the manufacturer directly for their assistance. Most, if not all, products we carry have a link to the manufacturers website in the “LINKS” section of our website.
By purchasing from purewatercanada, whether you place your order online or by telephone, you acknowledge that you have had an opportunity to review purewatercanada’s warranty terms, have done so to the degree you need to be familiar with them, and you accept their terms and conditions, including the limitations, exclusions, and disclaimers in them.
Please Note: Products sold through this website which do not bear the purewatercanada brand name are serviced and supported exclusively by their manufacturers in accordance with any terms and conditions packaged with the products. Purewatercanada’s Limited Warranty does not apply to products that are not purewatercanada branded, even if packaged or sold with purewatercanada products. Please contact the manufacturer directly for technical support and customer service.
This warranty excludes:
A. Labor, freight and related costs incurred by the customer to make the allegedly defective equipment available to Purewatercanada. or its authorized service center for inspection.
B. Reinstallation costs of repaired equipment.
C. Reinstallation costs of replacement equipment.
D. Reimbursement for loss caused by interruption of service.
E. Pump out charges or other charges to access the equipment
F. Consequential damages of any kind no matter how those damages may occur.
RETURN & REFUND POLICY
To return an item, please call 1-888-349-7971, Monday – Friday from 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m., Eastern Time. Certain products may not be returned for refund or exchange if opened from the packaging under any circumstances unless such product is “Dead on Arrival” (see the section below for more detailed information on such Dead on Arrival products). If the item is returned unopened in the original box, we will offer you a refund based on your original method of payment minus any applicable restocking fee (see below). The product must be returned to the purewatercanada warehouse within 14 calendar days of the issuance of the RMA.
To obtain a RMA please call 1-888-349-7971. Provide the date and your order number. Describe the defect or problem. You will then be given an RMA if it meets the returns criteria. (This does not guarantee a refunded)
All products must be packed in the original, unmarked packaging including any accessories, manuals, documentation and registration that shipped with the product. Should any of the aforementioned be missing a refund will NOT be given. You are required to take pictures of the products prior to shipping and send a copy of those pictures by email to Purewatercanada as proof of the condition prior to shipping. No credit will be given for products that arrive damaged or in damaged boxes or containers without said pictures being sent. The pictures should show all sides of the products. (front, back, top, bottom, sides).
Please note that purewatercanada does not permit the return of or offer refunds for the following products or reasons:
Opened filters
Special order products.
Items damaged by neglect, misuse or misapplication.
Opened UV lamps and Sleeves.
Items unreturnable due to possible sanitary reasons.
Products ordered that are incorrect in size, color, fit, or for other reasons due to improper sizing or application by the customer. Please make sure the product you order is the product you need and for the application you desire.
Any item once installed.
NOTE: Purewatercanada asks that you use a carrier recommended by purewatercanada keeping the following criteria in mind:
Use a carrier that offers shipment tracking and
Either insure your package for safe return to purewatercanada or declare full value of the shipment so that you are completely protected if the shipment is lost or damaged in transit.
If you choose not to;
Use a carrier that offers shipment tracking and/or
Insure or declare the full value of the product
You will be responsible for the loss or damage to the product during shipping. All returns are at the cost of the customer and any shipment received not fully paid for but the customer will be refused and returner to sender.
Any return not bearing a valid RMA number will be returned to sender with all cost being the responsibility of the consumer.
DOA: Terms and Conditions
“DOA” means dead on arrival, a condition where the product purchased will not function properly right out of the box.  If you believe your product is “DOA” please contact purewatercanada by email or at 1-888-349-7971
These DOA terms and conditions only apply to purewatercanada branded products currently offered on purewatercanada.com. As new products are offered, purewatercanada reserves the right to determine whether or not these terms and conditions apply.
These DOA terms and conditions do not apply to third party products which do not bear the purewatercanada brand name. You may call the manufacturer directly with any third party product issues for instructions.
Purewatercanada reserves the right to test returned “DOA” product. If the customer misrepresents the condition of the product in any way shape or form, purewatercanada may impose a fee, for wrongful return, of up to $500 to the customer to cover the cost of testing incurred. The product will remain the property of the customer and will only be returned to the customer once shipping and handling fees as well as any fee for testing have been paid in full. Any property not paid for with in 30 days will be resold to attempt to recoup the cost for testing. No refund will be given to the customer in this case and the customer waives all rights to the product or the proceeds of its sale.
DEFECTIVE ITEMS
Purewatercanada Branded Products
If you discover what you believe is a product defect for any purewatercanada branded product please contact us by email or at 1-888-349-7971. Such a defect, if any, is covered under the terms of your product’s warranty. Please refer to the warranty information and other support documentation that came with your product.
Third Party Products
If you discover what you believe is a product defect for any third party product, please contact the manufacturer directly for information regarding the manufacturers’ standard warranties.
Note: Products sold through this web site which do not bear the purewatercanada branded name are serviced and supported exclusively by their manufacturers in accordance with terms and conditions packaged with the products. Purewatercanada’s Limited Warranty does not apply to products that are not purewatercanada branded, even if packaged or sold with purewatercanada products.
THE FOLLOWING IS A BASELINE FOR ALL RETURNS BY MANUFACTURER AND CAN CHANGE AT ANYTIME WITHOUT NOTICE …PARTS OTHER THAN PUREWATERCANADA STOCK ARE (SPECIAL ORDER) NOT RETURNABLE.
AMTROL TANKS: 25% RESTOCKING FEE ON ALL TANKS.
BARNES: 25% RESTOCKING FEE ON ALL PUMPS.
EXCALIBUR WATER TREATMENT: 25% to 50% RESTOCKING FEE.
FRANKLIN ELECTRIC: 25% TO 50% RESTOCKING FEE ON ALL PUMPS & CONTROL BOXES AND DRIVES.
GOULDS: 30% TO 100% RESTOCKING FEE ON ALL PUMPS. (Specialty Pumps may not be returned)
GRUNDFOS: 30% RESTOCKING FEE.
SJE RHOMBUS: 25% RESTOCKING FEE. NO RETURNS ON CUT CABLES.
WATERITE: 25% RESTOCKING FEE.
ANY ITEMS NOT LISTED: MINIMUM 25% RESTOCKING FEE.
OTHER TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Audit Rights
Purewatercanada may audits the purchases of customers through purewatercanada.com to ensure that only eligible purchasers have ordered and that all purchase conditions have been observed. Should an audit disclose after delivery (or should purewatercanada otherwise discover) that you were not an eligible purchaser at the time you placed your order or that you have not observed all of the conditions applicable to your purchase, you authorize purewatercanada to do the following:
To charge to your credit card the difference between the amount you paid for the delivered goods and the price that purewatercanada charged the general public for the same goods, in effect on the date that you placed your order; and
Should purewatercanada not offer to the general public the specific products that you purchased through the purewatercanada.com, your credit card will be charged or you will be invoiced the difference between the amount you paid for the delivered goods and the price that purewatercanada charged the general public for the closest equivalent goods, in effect on the date that you placed your order.
Limitation of Liability
In no event shall purewatercanada.com, it’s Directors, Owners or Employees be liable for incidental, consequential, indirect, special damages or other damages whether in contract, tort or any other legal theory, including but without limitation to,
Loss of use, revenue or profit;
Damage to Real Property
Injury to persons up to and including loss of life
Failure to realize expected savings or for other economic loss;
Damages for the replacement of equipment;
Cost of recovery.
The liability of purewatercanada for direct damages relating to any purewatercanada branded product shall be limited to the actual price paid for such purewatercanada branded product. The foregoing limitations and exclusions apply to the extent permitted by law. All product are to be installed by a licenced and qualified professional, installed as required in the jurisdiction where the items are to be installed. Purewatercanada cannot know the qualifications of the installer and as such cannot warranty or guarantee the installation of the products ordered or the damages that may result of said installation.
MISCELLANEOUS
Purewatercanada is not responsible for any printing or typographical errors.
Purewatercanada reserves the right to change or modify the terms and conditions of sale at purewatercanada.com at any time.
To the extent permitted by law, all sales at purewatercanada.com are exclusively governed by the laws of the Province of Ontario, without giving effect to its conflict of law provisions.
No Purewatercanada employee or agent has the authority to vary any of the Consumer Terms and Conditions, any Purewatercanada policies or other applicable terms and conditions governing any sale.
The parties hereto confirm that they have requested that these Consumer Terms and Conditions and all related documents be drafted in English.
If any of the Consumer Terms and Conditions are deemed to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining terms and conditions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby.
A waiver or default of any of the Consumer Terms and Conditions shall not be deemed to be a continuing waiver, or a waiver of any other default or any other term or condition.
Purewatercanada shall not be liable for any failure to perform according to these Consumer Terms and Conditions, if such failure is caused by circumstances beyond its reasonable control including, but not limited to, acts of God, acts of war, labour dispute, natural disaster, government action or accident.
LINKS TO THIRD PARTY SITES
Any links provided herein may allow the user to leave this site. The linked sites may not be under the control of purewatercanada and as such purewatercanada shall not be responsible for the content of any linked site or link contained in a linked site. purewatercanada may provide these links as a convenience only, and the inclusion of any link does not imply an endorsement by purewatercanada. of that site.
USER ACCESS.
purewatercanada may at any time, in its sole discretion:
(1) revoke the access of any user to this Site;
(2) modify, change, withdraw, or delete this site and/or any of these conditions of use in whole or in part.
TRADEMARK.
Purewatercanada.com names or products referenced herein are either trademarks or registered trademarks of Pure Water Canada INC. Other product or company names mentioned herein are the trademark of their respective owners.
INDEMNIFICATION
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless purewatercanada.com., its parents, affiliates, licensees and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents from and against all liabilities, claims, damages, and expenses, including attorneys’ fees, arising out of your use of the site, or your violation or alleged violation of the terms of this Agreement.
CANADA’S ANTI SPAM & PRIVACY
By posting messages, uploading files, inputting data, or engaging in any other form of communication through this service, you are granting purewatercanada.com and its affiliated entities a royalty-free, perpetual, non-exclusive, unrestricted, worldwide license to:
Use, copy, sublicense, adapt, transmit, retransmit, distribute and/or publicly perform or display any such communication.
Sublicense to third parties the unrestricted right to exercise any of the foregoing rights granted with respect to the communication. The foregoing grants shall include the right to exploit any proprietary rights in such communication, including but not limited to rights under copyright, trademark, service mark, patent laws or the law of ideas under any relevant jurisdiction.
Allow purewatercanada.com its parents, affiliates, licensees and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents to communicate either by email, letter, phone or other such means. You may request to be removed from this list at any time by sending such intention in writing, either written or electronic to purewatercanada.com.
Any information regarded as private such as your full name, credit card information, address or other such information will not knowingly be shared without your consent. We reserve the right to transfer your information to any party who may acquire interest in Pure Water Canada Inc. in the future.
Privacy: We are committed to protecting your privacy whether you are browsing for information or conducting business with purewatercanada through electronic channels. The handling of all personal information by purewatercanada is governed by the Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act.
When you visit our sites, we will not collect your personal information unless you choose to use and receive online products and services that require it, create an account or for transactions with purewatercanada involving credit cards. All Credit Card processing is completed by secure third party providers who use up-to-date security protocols to ensure the integrity and confidentiality of your information and NO credit information is stored on our servers.
Collection, notice, use and disclosure
This Privacy Statement explains our current practices regarding what information purewatercanada may collect and how your personal information is used when you visit our site.
Collection
We may only collect personal information that is specifically authorized by law, or where the collection is necessary to provide you with a program, good or services. We collect personal information directly from you, unless another manner of collection is authorized by law.
Use
We may only use personal information for the purpose it has been collected, or for a consistent purpose, unless another use is specifically authorized at law.
Disclosure
We may only disclose personal information where we have legal authority to do so, or where the disclosure is for the purpose that we collected the information such as providing you with a program, goods or service.
Purewatercanada will never knowingly share your personal information with any third party without your express consent.
What kind of information is collected?
When you browse the purewatercanada site, our servers automatically collect limited amounts of standard information for traffic monitoring and statistical purposes. The information is analyzed for operational trends, performance, and for ways to improve our sites. Purewatercanada cannot identify you from this information.
We collect the following standard types of information:
Internet Protocol (IP) addresses of the computers being used to access our sites
operating systems and the types and versions of browsers used to access our sites
Internet Service Providers used by visitors to our sites
dates and times users access our sites
pages visited
keywords users enter into our search engine
names and sizes of files requested
Purewatercanada’s websites collect the above noted information to provide customers with access to information, products and services available on our websites. Purewatercanada’s computer systems use hardware and software to anonymously monitor unauthorized attempts to upload or change information at purewatercanada websites, disrupt service, or otherwise cause damage. As a general practice, we make no attempt to link this information with the identity of individuals visiting our sites. If an attempt to damage our site has been detected, we can take further actions.
What happens when you send us personal information?
You may choose to provide us with personal information such as your name, address, phone number, e-mail address and credit card number, if you wish to:
submit an e-mail, comment, question or request or subscribe for information online
request a service, product, or fill out a form online
provide feedback, participate in consultations or surveys online
conduct e-commerce transactions within our online store.
When you visit purewatercanada’s website, any personal information you provide will be used to respond to your message and/or provide you with the requested service, information or product. The collection of personal information by purewatercanada must be in accordance with the Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act.
Accessing and correcting your personal information?
Purewatercanada allows you to create an account to purchase goods and may provide the ability for Internet users to correct their own information online. Individuals also have a right to remove this information at any time by deleting this account. Purewatercanada will no longer keep any information of that individual.
Cookies
Purewatercanada’s website use cookies. A cookie is a small text file sent from a Web server and placed on your computer’s hard drive. A cookie is generally used to enhance your browsing experience. You can choose to set your browser to detect and reject cookies, to accept cookies from all sites, or to prompt you whenever a site wants to send you a cookie. If you choose, they may be used to 'remember' your password and make it easier and faster to log-in to certain sites. Check your browser’s "Help" files to learn how to do this. If you choose to refuse cookies, you may not be able to access some features on our websites.
Cookies used by purewatercanada, do not give us access to anything on your hard drive and cannot do anything to your computer. Cookies used by purewatercanad may be encrypted for security purposes to make any information in the cookie unreadable to anyone except purewatercanada. Purewatercanada may use two types of cookies: session cookies (temporary) or persistent cookies (longer-term continuing use).
session cookies may be used to support on-line feedback/discussion, forms and registration and 'e-commerce/shopping cart' transactions - they are used only during your online session and expire when you close your browser. Without session cookies, moving around our Web sites could be much slower if not impossible.
persistent cookies are different from session cookies because they are stored on your computer’s hard drive for some length of time - they are usually used if you want us to remember information about your Web preferences and passwords for automatic log-in purposes
Analytics
In order to serve you better, we use web analytics services including Google Analytics and Webtrends to help analyse the use of our websites. These tools use cookies to collect and generate information about your visits to our sites (including your IP address) that is transmitted to their servers in an anonymous form for processing. We study patterns of website activity so we can improve the experience of visitors to our sites.
The use of these tools does not allow us or our analytics service providers to identify individuals.
You can opt-out of analytics activity by setting your browser to notify you when a cookie is sent and block analytics cookies if desired. Please consult your browser’s Help Menu for instructions. Visiting our website with analytics cookies disabled will have no significant impact on your browsing experience.
Google currently offers a free Google Analytics opt-out tool for Internet Explorer (versions 7 and 8), Google Chrome (4.x and higher), and Mozilla Firefox (3.5 and higher).
137 Main St. W.
Shelburne, ON
L9V 3K3
info@purewatercanada.com
(519) 942-8147 OR
(905) 880-5900
© 2020 Pure Water Canada.