https://quantumhealth.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy | Quantum Health
Skip to main content
Free Shipping on orders $29.99 and over
Shop
Immune System Supplements
DEET Free Bug Spray
Cold Sore Medicine & Oral Care
Skin Care & Repair
Vitamins for Eyes
Head Care
1-800-448-1448
Get Discounts
Sign up to get discounts
My Account
0
Cart
Shop for Products
Immune System Supplements
TheraZinc
Elderberry Extract
SuperLysine+
DEET Free Bug Spray
Cold Sore Medicine & Oral Care
Skin Care & Repair
Vitamins for Eyes
Head Care
It's Your Health® Blog
Our Story
My Account
Home
Quantum Health Privacy Policy
Quantum Health Privacy Policy
Agreement between User and quantumhealth.com
Welcome to quantumhealth.com. The quantumhealth.com website (the "Site") is comprised of various web pages operated by Quantum Health ("Quantum Health"). quantumhealth.com is offered to you conditioned on your acceptance without modification of the terms, conditions, and notices contained herein (the "Terms"). Your use of quantumhealth.com constitutes your agreement to all such Terms. Please read these terms carefully, and keep a copy of them for your reference.
quantumhealth.com is an E-Commerce Site.
At quantumhealth.com we make high-quality, science-based products that improve the quality of life available for purchase online.
Privacy
Your use of quantumhealth.com is subject to Quantum Health's Privacy Policy. Please review our Privacy Policy, which also governs the Site and informs users of our data collection practices.
Electronic Communications
Visiting quantumhealth.com or sending emails to Quantum Health constitutes electronic communications. You consent to receive electronic communications and you agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically, via email and on the Site, satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.
Your Account
If you use this site, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password. You may not assign or otherwise transfer your account to any other person or entity. You acknowledge that Quantum Health is not responsible for third party access to your account that results from theft or misappropriation of your account. Quantum Health and its associates reserve the right to refuse or cancel service, terminate accounts, or remove or edit content in our sole discretion.
Children Under Thirteen
Quantum Health does not knowingly collect, either online or offline, personal information from persons under the age of thirteen. If you are under 18, you may use quantumhealth.com only with permission of a parent or guardian.
Cancellation/Refund Policy
At Quantum Health, there is nothing more important than making sure you are satisfied. You can return any product for a refund or exchange. Damaged or Defective If you order a product and it arrives damaged or defective, we will replace it right away. Keep the damaged package and call within 24 hours, or the next business day. Call toll free: 1-800-448-1448, ext. 101. Other Reason If, within 30 days of purchase, you find you are simply not satisfied with a product for any reason, call our toll free number and we will tell you where to send the product and arrange your refund or exchange. Call toll free: 1-800-448-1448, ext. 101
Links to Third Party Sites/Third Party Services
quantumhealth.com may contain links to other websites ("Linked Sites"). The Linked Sites are not under the control of Quantum Health and Quantum Health is not responsible for the contents of any Linked Site, including without limitation any link contained in a Linked Site, or any changes or updates to a Linked Site. Quantum Health is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Quantum Health of the site or any association with its operators.
Certain services made available via quantumhealth.com are delivered by third party sites and organizations. By using any product, service or functionality originating from the quantumhealth.com domain, you hereby acknowledge and consent that Quantum Health may share such information and data with any third party with whom Quantum Health has a contractual relationship to provide the requested product, service or functionality on behalf of quantumhealth.com users and customers.
Quantumhealth.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affilliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com.  Amazon offers a small commission on products sold through their affiliate links. Each of your purchases via Amazon affiliation links generates income for quantumhealth.com at no additional cost to you.
No Unlawful or Prohibited Use/Intellectual Property
You are granted a non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable license to access and use quantumhealth.com strictly in accordance with these terms of use. As a condition of your use of the Site, you warrant to Quantum Health that you will not use the Site for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these Terms. You may not use the Site in any manner which could damage, disable, overburden, or impair the Site or interfere with any other party's use and enjoyment of the Site. You may not obtain or attempt to obtain any materials or information through any means not intentionally made available or provided for through the Site.
All content included as part of the Service, such as text, graphics, logos, images, as well as the compilation thereof, and any software used on the Site, is the property of Quantum Health or its suppliers and protected by copyright and other laws that protect intellectual property and proprietary rights. You agree to observe and abide by all copyright and other proprietary notices, legends or other restrictions contained in any such content and will not make any changes thereto.
You will not modify, publish, transmit, reverse engineer, participate in the transfer or sale, create derivative works, or in any way exploit any of the content, in whole or in part, found on the Site. Quantum Health content is not for resale. Your use of the Site does not entitle you to make any unauthorized use of any protected content, and in particular you will not delete or alter any proprietary rights or attribution notices in any content. You will use protected content solely for your personal use, and will make no other use of the content without the express written permission of Quantum Health and the copyright owner. You agree that you do not acquire any ownership rights in any protected content. We do not grant you any licenses, express or implied, to the intellectual property of Quantum Health or our licensors except as expressly authorized by these Terms.
Use of Communication Services
The Site may contain bulletin board services, chat areas, news groups, forums, communities, personal web pages, calendars, and/or other message or communication facilities designed to enable you to communicate with the public at large or with a group (collectively, "Communication Services"). You agree to use the Communication Services only to post, send and receive messages and material that are proper and related to the particular Communication Service.
By way of example, and not as a limitation, you agree that when using a Communication Service, you will not: defame, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten or otherwise violate the legal rights (such as rights of privacy and publicity) of others; publish, post, upload, distribute or disseminate any inappropriate, profane, defamatory, infringing, obscene, indecent or unlawful topic, name, material or information; upload files that contain software or other material protected by intellectual property laws (or by rights of privacy of publicity) unless you own or control the rights thereto or have received all necessary consents; upload files that contain viruses, corrupted files, or any other similar software or programs that may damage the operation of another's computer; advertise or offer to sell or buy any goods or services for any business purpose, unless such Communication Service specifically allows such messages; conduct or forward surveys, contests, pyramid schemes or chain letters; download any file posted by another user of a Communication Service that you know, or reasonably should know, cannot be legally distributed in such manner; falsify or delete any author attributions, legal or other proper notices or proprietary designations or labels of the origin or source of software or other material contained in a file that is uploaded; restrict or inhibit any other user from using and enjoying the Communication Services; violate any code of conduct or other guidelines which may be applicable for any particular Communication Service; harvest or otherwise collect information about others, including e-mail addresses, without their consent; violate any applicable laws or regulations.
Quantum Health has no obligation to monitor the Communication Services. However, Quantum Health reserves the right to review materials posted to a Communication Service and to remove any materials in its sole discretion. Quantum Health reserves the right to terminate your access to any or all of the Communication Services at any time without notice for any reason whatsoever.
Quantum Health reserves the right at all times to disclose any information as necessary to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, or to edit, refuse to post or to remove any information or materials, in whole or in part, in Quantum Health's sole discretion.
Always use caution when giving out any personally identifying information about yourself or your children in any Communication Service. Quantum Health does not control or endorse the content, messages or information found in any Communication Service and, therefore, Quantum Health specifically disclaims any liability with regard to the Communication Services and any actions resulting from your participation in any Communication Service. Managers and hosts are not authorized Quantum Health spokespersons, and their views do not necessarily reflect those of Quantum Health.
When you visit this site, we may collect information about you through your browser that can include your search and browsing history, your email address, demographic and psychographic data, and other information. By visiting our site, you explicitly grant Quantum Health the right to send you informational or promotional emails, even if you did not explicitly share your email address when visiting.  You may opt out of receiving these emails at any time.
Materials uploaded to a Communication Service may be subject to posted limitations on usage, reproduction and/or dissemination. You are responsible for adhering to such limitations if you upload the materials.
Materials Provided to quantumhealth.com or Posted on Any Quantum Health Web Page
Quantum Health does not claim ownership of the materials you provide to quantumhealth.com (including feedback and suggestions) or post, upload, input or submit to any Quantum Health Site or our associated services (collectively "Submissions"). However, by posting, uploading, inputting, providing or submitting your Submission you are granting Quantum Health, our affiliated companies and necessary sublicensees permission to use your Submission in connection with the operation of their Internet businesses including, without limitation, the rights to: copy, distribute, transmit, publicly display, publicly perform, reproduce, edit, translate and reformat your Submission; and to publish your name in connection with your Submission.
No compensation will be paid with respect to the use of your Submission, as provided herein. Quantum Health is under no obligation to post or use any Submission you may provide and may remove any Submission at any time in Quantum Health's sole discretion.
By posting, uploading, inputting, providing or submitting your Submission you warrant and represent that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to your Submission as described in this section including, without limitation, all the rights necessary for you to provide, post, upload, input or submit the Submissions.
Third Party Accounts
You will be able to connect your Quantum Health account to third party accounts. By connecting your Quantum Health account to your third party account, you acknowledge and agree that you are consenting to the continuous release of information about you to others (in accordance with your privacy settings on those third party sites). If you do not want information about you to be shared in this manner, do not use this feature.
International Users
The Service is controlled, operated and administered by Quantum Health from our offices within the USA. If you access the Service from a location outside the USA, you are responsible for compliance with all local laws. You agree that you will not use the Quantum Health Content accessed through quantumhealth.com in any country or in any manner prohibited by any applicable laws, restrictions or regulations.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Quantum Health, its officers, directors, employees, agents and third parties, for any losses, costs, liabilities and expenses (including reasonable attorney's fees) relating to or arising out of your use of or inability to use the Site or services, any user postings made by you, your violation of any terms of this Agreement or your violation of any rights of a third party, or your violation of any applicable laws, rules or regulations. Quantum Health reserves the right, at its own cost, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, in which event you will fully cooperate with Quantum Health in asserting any available defenses.
Arbitration
In the event the parties are not able to resolve any dispute between them arising out of or concerning these Terms and Conditions, or any provisions hereof, whether in contract, tort, or otherwise at law or in equity for damages or any other relief, then such dispute shall be resolved only by final and binding arbitration pursuant to the Federal Arbitration Act, conducted by a single neutral arbitrator and administered by the American Arbitration Association, or a similar arbitration service selected by the parties, in a location mutually agreed upon by the parties. The arbitrator's award shall be final, and judgment may be entered upon it in any court having jurisdiction. In the event that any legal or equitable action, proceeding or arbitration arises out of or concerns these Terms and Conditions, the prevailing party shall be entitled to recover its costs and reasonable attorney's fees. The parties agree to arbitrate all disputes and claims in regards to these Terms and Conditions or any disputes arising as a result of these Terms and Conditions, whether directly or indirectly, including Tort claims that are a result of these Terms and Conditions. The parties agree that the Federal Arbitration Act governs the interpretation and enforcement of this provision. The entire dispute, including the scope and enforceability of this arbitration provision shall be determined by the Arbitrator. This arbitration provision shall survive the termination of these Terms and Conditions.
Class Action Waiver
Any arbitration under these Terms and Conditions will take place on an individual basis; class arbitrations and class/representative/collective actions are not permitted. THE PARTIES AGREE THAT A PARTY MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN EACH'S INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PUTATIVE CLASS, COLLECTIVE AND/ OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING, SUCH AS IN THE FORM OF A PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL ACTION AGAINST THE OTHER. Further, unless both you and Quantum Health agree otherwise, the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one person's claims, and may not otherwise preside over any form of a representative or class proceeding.
Liability Disclaimer
THE INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, AND SERVICES INCLUDED IN OR AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SITE MAY INCLUDE INACCURACIES OR TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS. CHANGES ARE PERIODICALLY ADDED TO THE INFORMATION HEREIN. QUANTUM HEALTH AND/OR ITS SUPPLIERS MAY MAKE IMPROVEMENTS AND/OR CHANGES IN THE SITE AT ANY TIME.
QUANTUM HEALTH AND/OR ITS SUPPLIERS MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS ABOUT THE SUITABILITY, RELIABILITY, AVAILABILITY, TIMELINESS, AND ACCURACY OF THE INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, SERVICES AND RELATED GRAPHICS CONTAINED ON THE SITE FOR ANY PURPOSE. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ALL SUCH INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, SERVICES AND RELATED GRAPHICS ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OR CONDITION OF ANY KIND. QUANTUM HEALTH AND/OR ITS SUPPLIERS HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS WITH REGARD TO THIS INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, SERVICES AND RELATED GRAPHICS, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL QUANTUM HEALTH AND/OR ITS SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE SITE, WITH THE DELAY OR INABILITY TO USE THE SITE OR RELATED SERVICES, THE PROVISION OF OR FAILURE TO PROVIDE SERVICES, OR FOR ANY INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, SERVICES AND RELATED GRAPHICS OBTAINED THROUGH THE SITE, OR OTHERWISE ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THE SITE, WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF QUANTUM HEALTH OR ANY OF ITS SUPPLIERS HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGES. BECAUSE SOME STATES/JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IF YOU ARE DISSATISFIED WITH ANY PORTION OF THE SITE, OR WITH ANY OF THESE TERMS OF USE, YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY IS TO DISCONTINUE USING THE SITE.
Termination/Access Restriction
Quantum Health reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate your access to the Site and the related services or any portion thereof at any time, without notice. To the maximum extent permitted by law, this agreement is governed by the laws of the State of Oregon and you hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of courts in Oregon in all disputes arising out of or relating to the use of the Site. Use of the Site is unauthorized in any jurisdiction that does not give effect to all provisions of these Terms, including, without limitation, this section.
You agree that no joint venture, partnership, employment, or agency relationship exists between you and Quantum Health as a result of this agreement or use of the Site. Quantum Health's performance of this agreement is subject to existing laws and legal process, and nothing contained in this agreement is in derogation of Quantum Health's right to comply with governmental, court and law enforcement requests or requirements relating to your use of the Site or information provided to or gathered by Quantum Health with respect to such use. If any part of this agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable pursuant to applicable law including, but not limited to, the warranty disclaimers and liability limitations set forth above, then the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed superseded by a valid, enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent of the original provision and the remainder of the agreement shall continue in effect.
Unless otherwise specified herein, this agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the user and Quantum Health with respect to the Site and it supersedes all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether electronic, oral or written, between the user and Quantum Health with respect to the Site. A printed version of this agreement and of any notice given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to this agreement to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form. It is the express wish to the parties that this agreement and all related documents be written in English.
Changes to Terms
Quantum Health reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to change the Terms under which quantumhealth.com is offered. The most current version of the Terms will supersede all previous versions. Quantum Health encourages you to periodically review the Terms to stay informed of our updates.
Contact Us
Quantum Health welcomes your questions or comments regarding the Terms:
Quantum Health
PO Box 2791
Eugene, Oregon 97402
Email Address:
orders@quantumhealth.com
Telephone number:
1-800-448-1448
Effective as of June 01, 2018
Sign up today and receive a code for 5% off your next order.
First Name*
Last Name*
Email*
* Required information
Subscribe
Looking for a Quantum Health retailer near you?
You can find Lip Clear Lysine+ at Walmart, Kroger, Target, Walgreens, CVS, Rite Aid, and everywhere else cold sore treatments are sold.
In addition, you can find other Quantum Health products at retailers like Whole Foods, Sprouts, Natural Grocers, and other stores that sell natural products and supplements.
Still having trouble finding something?
Call us at 1-800-448-1448 weekdays between 8 and 5 Pacific Time and we will be happy to help.
News/Events
Research Articles
My Account
Retailer Portal
Career Opportunities
Customer Service
Contact Us
Find a Store
Subscribe/Get Discounts by Email
Track Shipment/Returns
Privacy Policy
Popular Links
Immune system supplements
DEET free bug spray
Cold sore medicine
Vitamins for eyes
Elderberry extract
Lysine ointment
Zinc lozenges
Lysine supplement
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
Instagram
© 2020 Quantum Health. All Rights Reserved.
* These statements have not been evaluated by the FDA.
This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease.