https://quartermax.com/terms-and-policies/
Search
Shop Our Store
Holiday Deals
Apparel, Books & Software
All Apparel, Books & Software
Decals, Stickers & Promotional
Hats
Jackets
Sweatshirts
T-Shirts
Tuning Books & Software
Bodies, Windows & Mounting
All Bodies, Windows & Mounting
Access Doors & Latches
Body Exhaust Rings
Body Mounting
Door Handles & Mechanisms
Drag Race Car Bodies
Gauge Panels
Headlights & Tail Lights
Skid Plates & Splitters
All Skid Plates & Splitters
Skid Plates
Splitters
Windows & Accessories
Wings & Mounting Kits
All Wings & Mounting Kits
Wickerbills
Wing Mounting
Wings
Carbon & Fiberglass Composites
All Carbon & Fiberglass Composites
Belly Pans
Carbon Finish Items
Dashes & Tunnels
Epoxy Repair Kits
Flat Sheets
Other Carbon Composites
Seats
Hood Scoops & Accessories
All Hood Scoops & Accessories
Hood Scoops
Hood Scoop Accessories
Trunk Floors
Tube Protectors
Wheel Tubs
Wings & Wickerbills
Cars For Sale & Clearance Items
All Cars For Sale & Clearance Items
Cars & Engines For Sale
Clearance Items
Used Items
Chassis & Suspension
All Chassis & Suspension
4-Links & Components
All 4-Links & Components
4-Link Bars
4-Link Brackets
All 4-Link Brackets
Quarter-Max
Pro Series
Extreme Pro Series
Strange Modular
4-Link Hardware
4-Link Kits
Street 4-Bar Kits
Anti-Roll Bars
All Anti-Roll Bars
Anti-Roll Bar Brackets & Accessories
Anti-Roll Bar Kits
Back-Halfs
All Back-Halfs
2x3
Frame Box-In Kits
Round Tube
Ballast, Lead & Weight Bars
Bottle Mounts & Billet Clamps
Brackets, Gussets & Tabs
All Brackets, Gussets & Tabs
Brake, Fuel & Throttle Brackets
Clutch & Transmission Brackets
Gussets
Miscellaneous Brackets
Tabs
Tube Union Brackets
Drag Race Chassis Kits
All Drag Race Chassis Kits
Unwelded Drag Race Chassis Kits
Welded Drag Race Chassis
Engine Mounting
All Engine Mounting
Midplates
Motorplates
Engine Mounting Brackets & Accessories
Ladder Bars & Components
All Ladder Bars & Components
Ladder Bar Adjusters
Ladder Bar Brackets
Ladder Bar Frame Rails & Crossmembers
Ladder Bar Kits
Rear End Housings & Components
All Rear End Housings & Components
Complete Rear End Assemblies
All Complete Rear End Assemblies
Drag Race
Street
Fabricated Housings & Kits
Housing Accessories
Modular Housings
All Modular Housings
Aluminum Dragster
Aluminum Modular 4-Link
Aluminum Pro Mod
Street Chassis & Front Clips
Struts & Components
All Struts & Components
Struts
Strut Components
Strut Mounts & Control Arms
Shocks, Springs & Accessories
All Shocks, Springs & Accessories
Coil-Over Springs
All Coil-Over Springs
7" Coil-Over Springs
8" Coil-Over Springs
10" Coil-Over Springs
12" Coil-Over Springs
14" Coil-Over Springs
Shock Accessories & Bleed Offs
Shock Mounting
Shocks
Shock & Spring Tools
Wheelie Bars & Components
All Wheelie Bars & Components
Dual Wheelie Bars
Single Wheelie Bars
Wheelie Bar Brackets & Wheel Housings
Wheelie Bar Load Cells & Sensors
Wheelie Bar Tools
Wheelie Bar Top Tubes & Supports
Wheelie Bar Wheels
Wishbones & Diagonal Links
Driveline, Axles & Brakes
All Driveline, Axles & Brakes
9" Center Sections & Components
All 9" Center Sections & Components
Drag Race
All Drag Race
Aluminum Center Sections
Iron Center Sections
Street
All Street
Aluminum Center Sections
Iron Center Sections
Axles
Bellhousings, Clutches & Components
Brakes & Components
All Brakes & Components
Brake Kits
All Brake Kits
Front Brake Kits
Rear Brake Kits
Replacement Brake Components
Brake Lines & Accessories
Line Locks & Accessories
Master Cylinders & Accessories
Differentials
All Differentials
Dana 60
Ford 8" & 8.8"
Ford 9"
GM 10 & 12 Bolt
Mopar 8.75"
Driveshafts & Yokes
Driveshaft Safety Loops & Tunnels
Ring & Pinion Gears
Shifters & Accessories
Transmission Mounts & Accessories
U-Joints & Hardware
Electrical, Ignition & Racepak
All Electrical, Ignition & Racepak
Air Solenoid Valves & Air Switches
Batteries & Accessories
All Batteries & Accessories
Batteries
All Batteries
12V
16V
18V
Battery Accessories
Battery Chargers
All Battery Chargers
12V
16V
18V
Battery Master Disconnect Switches
Battery Mounting
Jump Starters & Battery Packs
Delay Boxes, Dial Boards & Timers
All Delay Boxes, Dial Boards & Timers
Delay Boxes
Dial Boards
Timers
Gauges
Ignition
All Ignition
Coils & Accessories
All Coils & Accessories
Coil Accessories
Ford COP Coils
LSX Coils
Performance Street Coils
Race Coils
Street & Strip Coils
Street Fire Coils
Crank Triggers & Accessories
All Crank Triggers & Accessories
Crank Trigger Accessories
Crank Trigger Kits
Distributors & Accessories
All Distributors & Accessories
Chevrolet Distributors
Chrysler Distributors
Distributor Accessories
Ford Distributors
Ignition Boxes & Accessories
All Ignition Boxes & Accessories
Circle Track & Road Racing
Drag Racing
Ignition Modules & Accessories
Street
Street & Strip
Magnetos
All Magnetos
Pro Mag Accessories
Pro Mags
RPM & Timing Controls
All RPM & Timing Controls
Modules
RPM Controls
Spark Plug Wires & Accessories
All Spark Plug Wires & Accessories
Spark Plug Wire Accessories
Spark Plug Wire Sets
LED Lights
Racepak & Data Systems
All Racepak & Data Systems
Cables & Caps
Collars
Connectors
Data Loggers
Digital Dashes
Flow Meters
Linear Travel Sensors
Load Cells
Modules
O2 Sensors
Pressure Sensors
Racepak Accessories
Racepak Mounts
Ride Height Sensors
RPM Sensors
Smartwire
Temperature Sensors
Transducer Boxes & Sensors
Radio Communications & Mounts
Starters & Accessories
Switch Panels & Wiring Supplies
All Switch Panels & Wiring Supplies
Buttons
Grommets
Loop Clamps & Wire Ties
Ring Terminals & Other Connectors
Switches
Switch Panels
Terminal Strips & Insulated Studs
Vibration Mounts
Weather Pack Connectors
Wire & Battery Cables
Wiring Kits
Weather Stations
Hardware & Raw Materials
All Hardware & Raw Materials
Air Cylinders
Bungs
Bushings
Cable Ball Joints
Clamps
Clecos
Clevises
Bolts, Nuts, Screws & Washers
Pull Pins
Quarter Turn Fasteners
All Quarter Turn Fasteners
Quarter Turn Fasteners
Quarter Turn Fastener Springs
Quarter Turn Fastener Tabs
Quarter Turn Tools
Rivets
Rod Ends & Jam Nuts
All Rod Ends & Jam Nuts
4130 Steel Rod Ends
4130 Steel Heavy Duty Rod Ends
Female Rod Ends
Jam Nuts
Mild Steel Rod Ends
Mild Steel Heavy Duty Rod Ends
Specialty Rod Ends
Sheet Materials
Spherical & Roller Bearings
Studs
Tube Adapters
All Tube Adapters
Left Hand
Right Hand
Tubing
Weather Strip & Edging
Welding Rod
Headers & Engine Accessories
All Headers & Engine Accessories
Body Exhaust Rings
Engine Accessories
Headers
Header Accessories
New Products
Plumbing, Fuel & Cooling Systems
All Plumbing, Fuel & Cooling Systems
Air Bottles & Regulators
Air Line & Hoses
Air Line Fittings
All Air Line Fittings
90° Fittings
Other Fittings
Straight Fittings
T Fittings
AN & Hose Fittings
All AN & Hose Fittings
AN & NPT Fittings
Hose Fittings
Jiffy-tite Fittings
Breather Hose
Cool Down Units
Fuel Cells & Mounts
Fuel Filters
All Fuel Filters
10-Micron
25-Micron
40-Micron
100-Micron
Fuel Filter Accessories
Fuel Pumps
All Fuel Pumps
In-Line
In-Tank
Mechanical
T-Style
Fuel Regulators
All Fuel Regulators
Carbureted
Fuel Injected
Nitrous Systems & Accessories
All Nitrous Systems & Accessories
Burst Plates & Pop-Offs
Jets & Nozzles
Nitrous Bottle Mounts
Nitrous Bottles & Accessories
Nitrous Plumbing & Accessories
Nitrous Solenoids & Accessories
Nitrous Systems & Kits
Nitrous Wiring
Purge Kits
Radiators, Fans & Fittings
All Radiators, Fans & Fittings
Fans & Shrouds
Overflow Tanks
Radiators
All Radiators
Drag Race
Street
Radiator Accessories
Radiator Fittings
Radiator Mounting
Water Pumps
Y Fittings
Safety & Parachutes
All Safety & Parachutes
Fire Suppression Systems
Fresh Air Systems
Gloves
Head & Neck Restraints & Eject Systems
Hose Fire Sleeves
Parachutes & Accessories
All Parachutes & Accessories
Parachutes
Parachute Cables & Accessories
Parachute Launchers
Parachute Mounts
Roll Bar Padding
Safety Shut Off Devices
Seat Belts
Seats & Seat Insert Kits
All Seats & Seat Insert Kits
Seats
Seat Insert Kits
Transmission Blankets & Engine Diapers
Window & Wheelie Bar Nets
Steering & Pedals
All Steering & Pedals
Floorboard Carpet
Linkages
Pedals
Rack & Pinions
Steering Column Kits
Steering Wheels
Steering Wheel Accessories
Tools, Oils & Racing Accessories
All Tools, Oils & Racing Accessories
Covers
Digital Tools & Scales
Engine Tools
Fabrication Tools
Jump Starters & Battery Packs
Oils & Cleaners
ProJack® Race Car Stands
Shock & Spring Tools
Storage & Organizers
Tapes
Tie Downs & Transportation Accessories
Tire Tools
Tools
Wheels, Tires & Accessories
All Wheels, Tires & Accessories
Tires
Tire Tools
Wheels
All Wheels
Drag Race
All Drag Race
Billet Specialties
Sander Engineering
Weld Racing
Street
All Street
Billet Specialties
Weld Racing
Wheel Accessories
Popular Brands
Quarter-Max
Strange Engineering
Racepak
MSD
Aeromotive
Weld Racing
Billet Specialties
Induction Solutions
Aurora Bearing
Intercomp
View All
Home
Help Center
Terms and Policies
Terms and Policies
All Quarter-Max® and RJ Race Cars, Inc.® product, photos, and product information is designed and owned by RJ Race Cars, Inc. and cannot be copied or used without expressed written permission from RJ Race Cars, Inc. Any copying of Quarter-Max product, photos or description will not be tolerated, and is subject to legal action.
Ordering
Phone sales hours: 8:00-4:30 CST Monday – Thursday / 8:00-3:30 CST Friday / 24 Hour Fax 309-343-7534 / Online 24/7 at www.quartermax.com. We will make every effort possible to ship orders received before 12:00 noon the same day. We cannot guarantee any order will ship on the same day it is ordered, including those orders requesting expedited air shipping. If you do not wish to order online our order form can be downloaded from our website, which you then can email to sales@rjracecars.com or print out and mail or fax your order.
Terms
All orders are to be prepaid. We accept the following credit cards: American Express, Discover Card, Master Card, and Visa. All credit cards are processed using an Address Verification System. Any credit card order that is declined will be held until payment is received. For your protection, we reserve the right to refuse shipment to any address not listed as the card’s billing address. We may also require the card holder to fill out a Credit Card Authorization form and submit a photocopy of a photo I.D., such as a driver’s license. Orders can also be prepaid using cashier’s check, company check, or money order and must include sufficient funds to cover the invoice total, including shipping as calculated by our shipping department. Orders paid by check will be held until the funds have cleared the issuing bank. Checks returned for any reason are subject to a $35.00 processing fee, which must be paid before the order is shipped. COD payments are reserved for established accounts in good standing and may be limited to $500.00 per order. Additional handling charges may be applied to international orders. All truck freight fees must be prepaid. Any items ordered that are held for pickup or shipment longer than 30 days will be subject to additional handling and/or storage fees. Items held for an extended period of time are subject to forfeiture at our discretion. Please remit all forms of payment to RJ Race Cars, Inc.
Special Orders
Select items and chassis are to be prepaid. Special order items are subject to additional incoming freight charges.
Back Orders
You will be informed of any item that may be temporarily out of stock and its estimated shipping date. Unless customer instructs otherwise, an item placed on back order will be shipped as soon as it is available.
Sales Tax
I haven't been charged sales tax in the past. Why now?The laws around charging sales tax for products are changing due to a recent Supreme Court Decision, and for this reason we must charge sales tax in your state.States that are currently being charged sales tax are below:GeorgiaIowaIllinoisIndianaMarylandMichiganMinnesotaNorth CarolinaNew JerseyOklahomaWashingtonHow much sales tax am I being charged?The tax rate varies by location and is in accordance with your state and local laws.What if I am tax exempt?Please e-mail your appropriate state exempt-sales certification to rjracecars@rjracecars.com.What is use tax?Even if your purchase is not subject to sales tax, you may be required to pay use tax. Use tax is similar to sales tax; the difference is who pays the state. When you are charged sales tax, the merchant (RJ Race Cars, Inc.) pays the sales tax to your state. When you are not charged tax on a taxable purchase you may be responsible for paying the use tax to your state at the same rate your sales tax is collected. For more information you should contact a Tax Professional or your states Department of Revenue.I have additional questions, who can I talk to?Please e-mail rjracecars@rjracecars.com.Why is your competitor not charging sales tax?RJ Race Cars, Inc. is complying with state laws and is unable to comment on the guidelines/compliance of other businesses. Failure to pay sales tax could result in state governed taxation at a later time.
Price Match Guarantee Policy
Quarter-Max will beat any advertised price on all new identical in-stock products that are priced “to your door” with shipping and handling fees. Proof of the advertised price, including shipping and handling fees, is required. Price matches will be confirmed before the order is shipped. Quarter-Max reserves the right to determine eligibility of any price match items. To request a price match please contact us at 309-343-7575 or sales@rjracecars.com.
Does not apply to:• Damaged, Used, or Refurbished Items• Clearance, Discontinued, or Closeout Items• Auction Items• Typographical errors
Quarter-Max reserves the right to update or modify the terms of this Policy at any time.
Free Shipping Policy
Quarter-Max offers Free Shipping* on all qualifying orders over $99 shipped via ground service to the contiguous 48 United States.
Free Shipping Details*Free Shipping is valid for orders $99 and over that ship via ground service within the contiguous 48 United States only. Qualifying order total is based on product subtotal—taxes and additional non-standard shipping charges are not included as a qualifying cost. Customer is responsible for non-standard additional shipping charges such as oversize fees and special handling surcharges (where indicated on product page), expedited shipping, hazardous materials charges, truck freight fees, etc. Offer is subject to adjustment due to returns, cancellations, and exchanges.
Free Shipping Exclusions:• HI, AK, PR, US Territories, International, and Canadian orders are excluded.• Hazardous materials fee will be charged on items as indicated on product page.• Oversize fee will be charged on items of certain size or weight as indicated on product page.• Truck freight - We reserve the right to ship via truck freight on large orders at our discretion. Truck freight will be used to ship items that are too large for standard service.• Does not apply to COD deliveries.• Does not apply to dealer program.
Shipping Policy
We use UPS as our primary carrier, including international shipping. All orders will be shipped via UPS ground, unless otherwise specified. Please refer to the UPS shipping map for approximate delivery times. We reserve the right to refuse shipment to any address. Please note that some carriers will not deliver to a PO Box. We reserve the right to ship via truck freight on large orders at our discretion. Truck freight will be used to ship items that are too large for standard service. Due to carrier restrictions, we are unable to provide air services for some items in our catalog. Hazardous materials will be shipped at an additional fee depending on the item and shipping selection. The FOB locations for drop shipments are dictated by our suppliers. All other items are FOB Galesburg, IL. Additional handling charges will be applied to all orders using an alternate carrier. However, if you still wish to use an alternate carrier (i.e. FedEx, DHL), you must contact our shipping manager directly for special request and authorization. Your request will be approved or denied. After receiving approval from our shipping manager, the customer is responsible for all arrangements for use of these alternate carriers. This includes but is not limited to, contacting the carrier to schedule the pickup and pre-payment to the carrier for the shipment using the customer's carrier account or customer’s credit card. Any claims for service failures or damages when using an alternate carrier are the responsibility of the customer.
Oversized Items
The shipping charges for all ground and air packages are subject to oversize and dimensional weight charges, which are more expensive, and may differ from the charges for the actual weight of the package. This applies to all packages and is very common especially in larger lightweight parts. For example, a hood scoop package may weigh 15 pounds, but when oversize or dimensional weight is calculated, you will be charged for a package that is based on 97 pounds. Please keep this in mind.
Refused Shipments
The customer shall be liable for any costs incurred from any refused shipment(s). RJ Race Cars, Inc. will be reimbursed for this expense before any further shipments will be permitted.
Claims
Inspect your order upon receipt. Claims for damages, open or concealed, must be made immediately to the delivery company. Bring any damage to the attention of the delivery person and make a written notice. If a shipment is damaged, keep the box and packing materials for carrier inspection. Take photographs if possible. Claims for shortages or incorrect items must be made to RJ Race Cars, Inc. within five days of delivery.
Return Policy
Quarter-Max will accept items purchased from us, that are sellable as new, for return or exchange within a period of 30 days from the date of the invoice, except for electrical devices, books, software, special orders, and custom built parts. Other exclusions may apply. We do not refund shipping or handling charges. After 30 days, we will accept only defective parts for repair or exchange at our discretion. Coil springs can be exchanged at our discretion, as long as they are returned in sellable condition with no rust or scratches. All returns are subject to a 20% re-boxing and re-stocking charge. All header kits will be charged the 20% re-boxing and re-stocking fee, no exceptions. Special orders, custom built parts or any item built to customer specifications will not be accepted for return or exchange. Any items which have been used, modified, altered or returned in such a condition as to not be resellable will not be accepted and no credit will be issued. Items to be exchanged must be in our possession and inspected before we can send out the exchange parts without charging you for the item(s). If you require the part before this process can be completed, we will be glad to ship the new item billed to your credit card and then issue the credit once the original item returns to us in good condition. Before returning any item for credit or exchange, you must call to obtain a Return Merchandise Authorization (RMA) number. Please have your invoice handy when you call to get your RMA number. All returns and exchanges must have a RMA number clearly visible on the outside of the box and a copy of the original invoice inside the box, along with any other documentation that may be required to process your request.
Disclaimer of Warranty
RJ Race Cars, Inc. makes no warranties either stated or implied, written or verbal, due to the unusual stresses placed on high-performance parts and because we have no control over how they are installed, maintained, or used. There is no warranty of merchantability or fitness made to purchasers. Furthermore, purchasers acknowledge and expressly affirm they are relying upon their own skill or judgment to select and purchase products from RJ Race Cars, Inc. Purchasers are not relying on RJ Race Cars, Inc., or any representative thereof, to select for purchase parts, equipment or services. RJ Race Cars, Inc. assumes no responsibility or liability for any personal injury or loss resulting from the purchase or use of these products. Software is subject to the EULA included in the packaging. Opened software may only be returned for exchange of a new copy.
General Information
Prices, part numbers, and policies are subject to change without notice. Pricing on quotes is good for 30 days. Most of our kits and components come unassembled in raw finish. Unless otherwise noted, the kits are shown assembled and/or finished for illustration purposes only. Customer programs and special promotions exclude chassis, fabrication, ProJacks, gift certificates, car builds, car bodies, clearance items, and used items. It also excludes other special deals we may be offering. Other exclusions may apply, see a sales person for details. Limit one coupon code per customer. Code can only be used when you place your order by phone/online order. Quarter-Max® is a registered trademark of RJ Race Cars, Inc.®
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting www.quartermax.com (our "Site"). We appreciate the opportunity to interact with you on the Internet and are committed to protecting and safeguarding your privacy. The purpose of this Privacy Statement is to inform you about the types of information we might collect about you when you visit our Site, how we may use that information, whether we disclose it to anyone, and the choices you have regarding our use of, and your ability to correct, that information.
What Information We Collect and How We Use It
Any information we collect on our Site generally falls into the following two categories: Personally Identifiable Information and Aggregate Information.
Personally Identifiable Information (“PII”)
This refers to information that lets us know specifically who you are. In general, you can visit our Site without telling us who you are or revealing any PII. As a visitor, you may voluntarily provide PII (such as name, address, e-mail address, and telephone number) to be shared with a Quarter-Max Affiliate for the purpose of contacting you, including via e-mail, to respond to your comments or inquiries. In such event, we might maintain a record of your contact, including such PII, in a file specific to you. We use this information to provide better service in the event that you contact us again.
Surveys and Promotional Activities
From time to time you may voluntarily provide PII to complete surveys and questionnaires or to participate in polls and personalized assessments. We use this information to improve our products and services. We may also use your PII to provide you newsletters and other marketing information we think would be of particular interest to you concerning things such as new product offers or web site features. But we always give you the opportunity to let us know if you do not wish to receive unsolicited promotional materials from us, and we will make every reasonable effort to honor such requests.
Aggregate Information
This refers to information that does not, by itself, identify you as a specific individual. Such information would include the Uniform Resource Locator ("URL") of the Web site that referred you to our Site, your Internet Protocol ("IP") address (a number automatically assigned to your computer whenever you surf the Web), your operating system and browser type, and any search terms that you enter on our Site. Our Web server aggregates this information to monitor the level of activity on our Site, evaluate its effectiveness, and improve the content of our Site to make your visit an easy and enjoyable experience.
We may collect, compile, store, publish, promote, report, or otherwise disclose or use any Aggregate Information, provided that such information does not personally identify you. We do not correlate any PII with the Aggregate Information that we collect on our Site. If we do correlate any Aggregate Information to you, it will be protected like any other PII under this Privacy Statement.
Sharing Your Information
Except as disclosed in this Privacy Statement, we do not sell, trade, rent, or otherwise retransmit any PII we collect on-line unless we have your permission. Any PII you provide to us will be stored in Quarter-Max databases in the United States.
Your Choices
Your permission is always secured first. We will not use or share the PII collected on our Site in ways unrelated to the purpose for which you provided the information, including those described above, without providing you a choice whether to permit any such unrelated uses.
Accessing and Correcting Your Information
We take reasonable measures to ensure that any PII we collect on our Site is accurate, current, complete, and reliable for its intended use. If you wish to update or otherwise correct PII you have provided to us, you may edit your Personal Profile on-line after completing registration, or contact us as described in the " Contact Us" section, below.
Protecting Your Information
We acknowledge your trust and are committed to take reasonable steps to protect PII you provide online from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access. We employ physical, electronic, and managerial processes to safeguard and secure your information.
Use of Cookies on This Site
A "cookie" is a small data file transferred to your computer's hard drive that allows a Web site to respond to you as an individual, gathering and remembering information about your preferences to tailor its operation to your needs, likes and dislikes. Cookies also enable an Internet retailer to keep track of a consumer’ s electronic “shopping cart” before completing a purchase. Overall, cookies are safe, as they only identify your computer to customize your Web experience. Accepting a cookie does not provide us access to your computer or any PII about you, other than the information you choose to share. Other servers cannot read them, nor can they be used to deliver a virus.
Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually adjust yours (Microsoft Internet Explorer or Netscape Navigator) to notify you of cookie placement requests, refuse certain cookies, or decline cookies completely. If you turn off cookies completely, there may be some Web site features that will not be available to you, and some Web pages may not display properly.
To support the personalized features of our Site (such as your country and language codes, electronic shopping cart, and other ordering and browsing functions) we must send a cookie to your computer's hard drive and/or use cookie-based authentication to identify you as a registered Site user. We do not, however, use so-called “surveillance” cookies that track your activity elsewhere on the Web.
Use of Active-X and Java Applets on This Site
Active-X programs and Java Applets are executable programs that can be transferred to your computer's hard drive to cause your computer to perform functions in connection with your visit to a Web site. Our Site does not transfer any Active-X programs or Java Applets to your computer’ s hard drive.
Use of Third-Party Media and Research Companies
Our Site may run limited third-party ads only for those Merchant and Services Partners with whom we maintain linking agreements. We do not, however, use third-party media and research companies to place ads for us on other parties' Web sites.
Links to Other Web Sites
Links to third-party Web sites may be provided solely for your information and convenience. If you use these links, you will leave our Site. This Privacy Statement does not cover the information practices of those Web sites linked to our Site, nor do we control their content or privacy policies. We suggest that you carefully review the privacy policies of each site you visit.
Children's Privacy Protection
We take special care to protect the privacy needs of children under the age of 13 and encourage parents to be an active participant in their child's online activities. We abide by the requirements of the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) and other relevant laws. Our Site does not target and is not intended for children under the age of 13, and we will not knowingly collect PII from them. If we discover personal data from a child through our Site, we will eliminate that data.
Changes to This Statement
Any updates or changes to the terms of this Privacy Statement will be posted here on our Site and the date of the newest version posted below. Please check back frequently, especially before you submit any PII at our Site, to see if this Privacy Statement has changed.
By using our Site, you acknowledge acceptance of this Privacy Statement in effect at the time of use.
Contact Us
If you have any concerns about our use of your information or about this Privacy Statement, please send an e-mail to rjracecars@rjracecars.com, or call 1-309-343-7575. We will make every reasonable effort to address your concerns and remedy any problems you bring to our attention.
This Privacy Statement was last revised on December 29, 2016.
OK