http://racersguide.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
Thank you for visiting RACERSGUIDE, a site owned and operated by Sands Entertainment, LLC (“Sands”). At Sands we take your privacy seriously. As such, we provide this privacy statement explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used at this site, and any sites or services owned, operated or offered by or on behalf of Sands or its affiliates.
THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
At some Sands sites, you may be able to order products, services, enter contests, vote in polls or otherwise express an opinion or participate in online forums or communities. In the course of these various offerings, we may seek to collect from you various forms of personal information. Examples of the types of personally identifiable information that may be collected at these pages include: name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, fax number, credit card information, and information about your interests in and use of various products, programs and services. At certain parts of some of our sites, only persons who provide us with the requested personally identifiable information will be able to order products, services or otherwise participate in the site’s activities and offerings.
We, our third party service providers, advertisers, advertising networks and platforms, agencies, and partners may collect various types of non-personally identifiable information when you visit any of our sites. A representative list of the types of non-personally identifiable information collected may include: current Internet protocol address and type of browser you are using (e.g., Safari, Firefox, Internet Explorer), the type of operating system you are using, (e.g., Mac OS, or Microsoft Windows), the domain name of your Internet service provider (e.g., Comcast, Verizon or AT&T), the web pages you have visited, sites visited before and after you visit a site on the Sands, the type of handheld or mobile device used to view the site (e.g., iPhone, Blackberry), location information, the content and advertisements you have accessed, seen, forwarded and/or clicked on.
HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION
We may use the information you provide about yourself to fulfill your requests for our products, programs, and services, to respond to your inquiries about our offerings, to offer you other products or services that we believe may be of interest to you, to enforce the legal terms that govern your use of our sites, and/or for the purposes for which you provided the information.
We sometimes use this information to communicate with you, such as when we make changes to our Terms of Use or to contact you about your account with us.
The information we may collect in connection with any online forums or communities may be used to provide an interactive experience. We may use this information to facilitate participation in any online forums and communities and, from time to time, to offer you products, programs, services or customized experiences.
If you choose to submit content for publication we may publish your screen name and other information you have provided to us. We may on occasion combine information we collect through our sites with information that we collect from other sources. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, if you register and create a profile with our site, the screen name you select as well as other content you submit to your profile (e.g., photos, comments etc.) will be displayed publicly on the Site and may be reused and redistributed by us in our discretion.
We may use the non-personally identifiable information that we collect to improve the design and content of our sites, to deliver more relevant marketing messages and advertisements and to enable us to personalize your Internet experience. We also may use this information to analyze usage of our sites or content, as well as to offer you products, programs, or services.
When you provide information from your social media account, it can help enable us to do things like (1) give you exclusive content, (2) personalize your online experience with us within and outside our applications or websites, (3) contact you through the social networking sites or directly by sending you the latest news, special offerings, and rewards, and (4) enable you to share your experience and content via social networking sites. By doing so, you consent to the use of this information in accordance with our privacy policy. When you provide personal information to us through an application, on our sites, or on social networking sites, it may be publicly viewed by other members of these sites and we cannot prevent further use of the information by third parties.
INFORMATION SHARING AND DISCLOSURE
We may disclose personally identifiable information in response to legal process, for example, in response to a court order or a subpoena. We also may disclose such information in response to a law enforcement agency’s request, or where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of our terms of use, to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our sites and applicable laws or as otherwise required or permitted by law or consistent with legal requirements.
In addition, we may transfer personally identifiable information about you if we, or one of our business units, are acquired by, sold to, merged with or otherwise transferred to another entity.
Our agents and contractors who have access to personally identifiable information are required to protect this information in a manner that is consistent with this privacy statement and are not authorized to use the information for any purpose other than to carry out the services they are performing for us.
Although we take appropriate measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of information, we cannot assure you that personally identifiable information that we collect will ever be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this privacy statement.
We may disclose personally identifiable information to third parties whose practices are not covered by this privacy statement (e.g., other marketers, magazine publishers, retailers, participatory databases, and non-profit organizations) that want to market products or services to you.
If you have signed up to receive any e-mails and prefer not to receive marketing information from this site, follow the “unsubscribe” instructions provided on any marketing e-mail you receive from this site.
To provide visitors with additional or more relevant product and service opportunities, we may share non-personally identifiable information with third parties.
COOKIES & WEB BEACONS
To enhance your online experience, we use may “cookies” or similar technologies. Cookies are text files placed in your computer’s browser to store your preferences. Cookies do not contain personally identifiable information; however, once you choose to furnish a site with personally identifiable information, this information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie.We use cookies to understand site and Internet usage and to improve or customize the content, offerings or advertisements on our sites. For example, we may use cookies to personalize your experience at our sites (e.g., to recognize you by name when you return to a site), save your password in password-protected areas. We also may use cookies to help us offer you products, programs, or services that may be of interest to you and to deliver relevant advertising.
We, our third party service providers, advertisers, advertising networks and platforms, agencies, or our partners also may use cookies to manage and measure the performance of advertisements displayed on or delivered by or through the Sands and/or other networks or sites. This also helps us, our service providers and partners provide more relevant advertising.
Some of our sites may contain links to or integrations with other sites such as Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, etc., whose information practices may be different than ours. Visitors should consult the other sites’ privacy notices as we have no control over information that is submitted to, or collected by, these third parties.
Sands sites covered by this privacy statement may offer content (e.g., contests, sweepstakes, promotions, games, applications, or social network integrations) that is sponsored by or co-branded with identified third parties. By virtue of these relationships, the third parties may obtain personally identifiable information that visitors voluntarily submit to participate in the site activity. We have no control over these third parties’ use of this information. The site will notify you at the time of requesting personally identifiable information if these third parties will obtain such information.
We may also use the services of reputable third parties to provide us with data collection, reporting, ad response measurement, and site analytics, as well as to assist with delivery of relevant marketing messages and advertisements. These third parties may view, edit or set their own cookies. We, our third party service providers, advertisers, advertising networks and platforms, agencies and/or partners may also place web beacons for these third parties. The use of these technologies by these third parties is subject to their own privacy policies and is not covered by this privacy statement.
SANDS’ COMMITMENT TO SECURITY
We have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, to maintain data security, and to use correctly the information we collect online.
UPDATES & EFFECTIVE DATE
From time to time, we may update this privacy statement. We will notify you about material changes in the way we treat personally identifiable information by sending an email message to the email address you most recently provided to us or by prominently posting a notice on our site. We encourage you to periodically check back and review this statement so that you always will know what information we collect, how we use it, and with whom we share it.
The Privacy Statement posted on this site was updated in February 19, 2014.