https://raineyginseng.com/privacy-policy
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content
COVID-19 Update: Our farm is unaffected by COVID-19 closure.
An an experienced online supplier of ginseng, we continue to do business and ship to our customers daily.
Learn more about our safety precautions.
X
Join our newsletter and save 10% on your first order!
Leave this field empty if you're human:
YOU CAN TRUST RAINEY GINSENG FARMS
SHOP SECURELY
This website takes every precaution to protect our users’ information. When users submit information via the website, your information is protected both online and off-line. When the order form provided by our transaction partner, Internet Secure, asks users to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number), that information is encrypted. It is protected with the best encryption software in the industry – SSL. While on a secure page, such as Step 3 in our Check Out process, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked, as opposed to un-locked, or open, when you are just ‘surfing’.
While our transaction partner, Internet Secure, uses SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in our power to protect user-information off-line. All of our users’ information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, our billing clerk or a customer service representative) are granted access to personally identifiable information. Our employees must use password-protected screen-savers when they leave their desk. When they return, they must re-enter their password to re-gain access to your information. Furthermore, ALL employees are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices. Every quarter, as well as any time new policies are added, our employees are notified and/or reminded about the importance we place on privacy, and what they can do to ensure our customers’ information is protected. Finally, the servers that we store personally identifiable information on are kept in a secure environment, behind a locked door.
If you have any questions about the security at our website, you can send an email us .
THE RAINEY GINSENG FARMS PRIVACY POLICY
Information Collection and Use
Rainey Ginseng Farms Ltd. is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. Rainey Ginseng Farms Ltd. collects information from our users when a user requests information or places an order on our website.
Request for Information
In order to request information from Rainey Ginseng Farms Ltd. a user must fill in one of the contact forms on our site. On our contact forms, a user is required to give their contact information (such as name and email address). This information is used to contact the user about the services or products on our site for which they have expressed interest. As a consideration for your privacy, Rainey Ginseng Farms Ltd. does not ask you for additional demographic information, such as age, gender or income level. In order for us to provide the information that you are requesting, we may ask you about your location or address.
Order Form
We request information from the user on our order form. Here a user must provide contact information (like name and shipping address). Our e-commerce transaction partner, Internet Secure, will collect financial information (like credit card number, expiration date) on a secure link on their site. This information is used for billing purposes and to fill customer’s orders. If we have trouble processing an order, this contact information is used to get in touch with the user.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user’s hard drive containing information about the user. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site. Once the user closes their browser, the cookie simply terminates. For instance, by setting a cookie on our site, the user would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. If a user rejects the cookie, they may still use our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site.
Log Files
We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Sharing
Except for shipping purposes, we will not share any personal information that can identify any individual person. We use an outside shipping company to ship orders, and a credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that Rainey Ginseng Farms Ltd. is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
Special Offers
We send all new customers a welcoming email to verify name and email address. Customers will occasionally receive information on products, services, special deals, and a newsletter. Out of respect for the privacy of our users we present the option to not receive these types of communications. An email to unsubscribe@raineyginseng.com will remove the sender from our mailing list.
Correction/Updating Personal Information
If a customer’s personally identifiable information changes (such as your postal code), or if a user no longer desires to be listed as a customer, we will endeavor to provide a way to correct, update or remove that user’s personal data provided to us. This can usually be done by emailing our Customer Support Department at service@raineyginseng.com. We also provide telephone or postal mail options for updating or correcting personal information on our Contact Page.
Choice/Opt-out
Our customers are given the opportunity to ‘opt-out’ of having their information used for purposes not directly related to our site at the point where we ask for the information. For example, our order form has an ‘opt-out’ mechanism so users who buy a product from us, but don’t want any marketing material, can keep their email address off of our lists.  Users who no longer wish to receive our newsletter or promotional materials from us may opt-out of receiving these communications by emailing us atunsubscribe@raineyginseng.com.
Visit Our Shop today to purchase your Canadian Ginseng!