https://randystobaccoshop.com/wp/legal-information/
Premium Tobacco Products At Affordable Prices For Your Personal Enjoyment
Home Page Events
Testimonials
Guarantee
Pipes
Cigars
RYO Cigarettes Powermatic 2 Electric Cigarette Injector
Lighters
Ashtrays
Legal Information
Copyrighted Materials
We have put a lot of time and hard work into building this site.  Consequently, it’s all protected by the copyright laws of the United States. These laws include, but are not
limited to, Title 17 of the United States Code and the Berne Convention and all treaties and conventions pertaining to intellectual property rights to which the United States is a signatory. It also may contain some very valuable logos or marks (either our own or someone else’s that we’ve used with their consent or as permitted by law), which are protected under the Lanham Act and other laws. We want you to enjoy this site, but you can’t reproduce, post, modify, re-use or transmit all or any part of the site without express written consent from Randy’s Tobacco Shop, Inc. There are serious penalties, both civil and criminal, that would apply if you do so without our prior written permission. Also, If you know of anybody using our content who shouldn’t be, we’d appreciate it if you’d let us know.
Legal Notice
We would like you to know that none of the stuff you send us is private. Other people could read your messages, so don’t send credit card numbers, your social
security number or other important information by e-mail. Likewise, anything you send us (including any ideas) becomes our property, and may be used or modified by us any way we like, including reproduction, transmission, publication, and broadcast, without compensation.
To View the Privacy Statement of the Randy’s Tobacco Shop, Inc.
click here.
U.S. Law
All content within this website is designed to conform with the laws of the United States of America and the State of Indiana.  Because of the laws regarding the exportation of tobacco, we are unable to send any tobacco products outside the United States of America.  And while we hope you enjoy our site, it has been designed to comply with the laws of the U.S.A., period.
If anything on this site is construed as contrary to the laws of where you are when you access it, then by all means, comply with your local laws.
The sale of tobacco to persons under the age of 18 is forbidden by law.
Other Legal Stuff
Likewise, make sure you are of legal age to view the materials on our site, or to participate in any of the merchandise, downloads, or other offers in this Web site, etc. And don’t rely too heavily on the information we present on the site; we try to keep it updated and accurate, but we’re not responsible if we mess up from time to time.
Finally…
To View the Privacy Statement of the Randy’s Tobacco Shop, Inc. click here.
For a copy of the Shipping Terms for all order placed through this website, click here.
THE SALE OF TOBACCO TO PERSONS
UNDER
THE AGE OF 18 IS FORBIDDEN BY LAW.
Randy Biggs/Randy's Tobacco Shop/Randy's Marketing Group
Inc. are a participant(s) in the Amazon Services LLC
Associates Program,
an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means
for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com.
AFFILIATE DISCLOSURE
I may be an affiliate for products that I recommend.
If you purchase those items through my links I will earn a commission.
You will not pay more when buying a product through my link.
In fact, I oftentimes am able to negotiate a lower rate (or bonuses) not available
elsewhere.
Plus, when you order through my link, it helps me to continue to offer you lots of free
stuff.
Any and all taxes due to other local or
state taxing
authorities are purchasers responsibility. We reserve the right to limit
quantities.  This price/web listing is not a commitment
nor offer to
sell. common law copyright
©1996 -  Present     Randy's Marketing Group, Inc.     All
rights reserved.
Privacy
|
Shipping
|
Legal
|
Affiliate Disclosure |
About Us
|
Contact Us |
Guarantee
|
Home
|
Terms
|
|
Customer Testimonials |
Events
| Blog
We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.
Accept
Reject
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
3rd Party Cookies
Powered by  GDPR Cookie Compliance
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
Enable or Disable Cookies
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
3rd Party Cookies
This website uses Google Analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages.
Keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website.
Enable or Disable Cookies
Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences!
Enable All
Save Changes