https://randystobaccoshop.com/wp/privacy-statement/
Randys Tobacco Shop
» Privacy Statement
Premium Tobacco Products At Affordable Prices For Your Personal Enjoyment
Home Page Events
Testimonials
Guarantee
Pipes
Cigars
RYO Cigarettes Powermatic 2 Electric Cigarette Injector
Lighters
Ashtrays
Privacy Statement
I. General
Randy’s Tobacco Shop and Randy’s Marketing Group, Inc. respects the privacy of every individual whovisits our web sites or responds to our online advertisements. This Privacy Statement outlines the type of information that the Randy’s Tobacco Shop and Randy’s Marketing Group, Inc. typically collects from the web sites and online advertisements, and how we may use that information. This Statement will also instruct you on what to do if you do not want to share personal information when you visit our web sites or respond to our online advertisements.
Your email address will only be used for correspondence from this Storefront and will not be provided to any other service or business.
II. Your Provision of Information is Voluntary
At Randy’s Tobacco Shop and Randy’s Marketing Group, Inc. online sites and online advertising, we may ask you for information such as your name, address, telephone number, date of birth and/or your e-mail address. From time to time you may also be asked whether you would like to provide additional information to be gathered by use of a “cookie” or similar file. Your agreement to and provision of information is completely voluntary. When you do provide us with information, unless you are advised otherwise, we may use that information to improve our products and services; to tailor a web site or advertisement to better match your interests and preferences; as an entry for a contest or sweepstakes; or to contact you. We do not provide that information to third parties not affiliated with Randy’sTobacco Shop and Randy’s Marketing Group, Inc. unless we have your express consent. If you do not want information collected from the web sites and online advertising, please do not agree to the collection of information, nor submit any information to us. If you have already submitted personal information and would like us to remove it from our records, please contact us via our e-mail address.  At your request, the personal information you have provided us will be deleted from our existing files. Please note that with most Internet Browsers, you can erase cookies from your computer hard drive, block all cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. You should refer to your browser instructions or help screen to learn more about these functions.
III. Violation of Access by Persons Not of Legal Age
The Randy’s Tobacco Shop and Randy’s Marketing Group, Inc. and all content herein is intended only for Adults. Affirmation of legal age is required before placing any orders with Randy’s Tobacco Shop and Randy’s Marketing Group, Inc. and prompts may also be located within the web sites. If someone under the age of 18 has provided us with personal information by obtaining access in violation of the web site access restrictions, we ask that the parent or guardian of that person contact us immediately via e-mail so we can immediately remove such information from our records.
THE SALE OF TOBACCO TO PERSONS UNDER THE AGE OF 18 IS FORBIDDEN BY LAW.
IV. Some Information is Collected Automatically
Some non-personal information may be collected automatically. Examples of this type of information include the type of Internet Browser, the type of computer operating system used and the domain name from the web site from which you linked to our site or advertisement.
THE SALE OF TOBACCO TO PERSONS
UNDER
THE AGE OF 18 IS FORBIDDEN BY LAW.
Randy Biggs/Randy's Tobacco Shop/Randy's Marketing Group
Inc. are a participant(s) in the Amazon Services LLC
Associates Program,
an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means
for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com.
AFFILIATE DISCLOSURE
I may be an affiliate for products that I recommend.
If you purchase those items through my links I will earn a commission.
You will not pay more when buying a product through my link.
In fact, I oftentimes am able to negotiate a lower rate (or bonuses) not available
elsewhere.
Plus, when you order through my link, it helps me to continue to offer you lots of free
stuff.
Any and all taxes due to other local or
state taxing
authorities are purchasers responsibility. We reserve the right to limit
quantities.  This price/web listing is not a commitment
nor offer to
sell. common law copyright
©1996 -  Present     Randy's Marketing Group, Inc.     All
rights reserved.
Privacy
|
Shipping
|
Legal
|
Affiliate Disclosure |
About Us
|
Contact Us |
Guarantee
|
Home
|
Terms
|
|
Customer Testimonials |
Events
| Blog
We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.
Accept
Reject
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
3rd Party Cookies
Powered by  GDPR Cookie Compliance
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
Enable or Disable Cookies
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
3rd Party Cookies
This website uses Google Analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages.
Keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website.
Enable or Disable Cookies
Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences!
Enable All
Save Changes