https://randystobaccoshop.com/wp/terms/
Premium Tobacco Products At Affordable Prices For Your Personal Enjoyment
Home Page Events
Testimonials
Guarantee
Pipes
Cigars
RYO Cigarettes Powermatic 2 Electric Cigarette Injector
Lighters
Ashtrays
Shipping Information
This Statement outlines the Shipping Terms governing all purchases made through this website, regardless of whether the order was transmitted via the internet, via telephone, or via mail service.
All orders are shipped according to the vendors guidelines outlined on the vendors terms or shipping pages.  Please refer to those pages.
Payment Method
Payment terms will be displayed on the shopping cart at checkout for the different vendors.
Any fees incurred by us from any bank, or credit card company, due to any charge backs, NSF fee (Non-Sufficient Funds), or any other fee incurred by us in pursuit of payment for products from this site are subject to a $25.00 charge back fee.
Security & Privacy of Information
Your e-mail address will only be used for correspondence from this
Storefront or any vendor that you purchase a product from and will not be provided to any other service or business.  For complete information on our
Privacy Policy,
click here
Sales Tax Guidelines
Appropriate sales tax will be charged for all orders based on the provided billing address state.
Other Taxes
All other taxes are the responsibility of the purchaser.
Any and all federal or state reporting requirements are the responsibility of the purchaser.
Misc.
None of the products on this site are intended for resale.
THE SALE OF TOBACCO TO PERSONS
UNDER
THE AGE OF 18 IS FORBIDDEN BY LAW.
Randy Biggs/Randy's Tobacco Shop/Randy's Marketing Group
Inc. are a participant(s) in the Amazon Services LLC
Associates Program,
an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means
for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com.
AFFILIATE DISCLOSURE
I may be an affiliate for products that I recommend.
If you purchase those items through my links I will earn a commission.
You will not pay more when buying a product through my link.
In fact, I oftentimes am able to negotiate a lower rate (or bonuses) not available
elsewhere.
Plus, when you order through my link, it helps me to continue to offer you lots of free
stuff.
Any and all taxes due to other local or
state taxing
authorities are purchasers responsibility. We reserve the right to limit
quantities.  This price/web listing is not a commitment
nor offer to
sell. common law copyright
©1996 -  Present     Randy's Marketing Group, Inc.     All
rights reserved.
Privacy
|
Shipping
|
Legal
|
Affiliate Disclosure |
About Us
|
Contact Us |
Guarantee
|
Home
|
Terms
|
|
Customer Testimonials |
Events
| Blog
We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.
Accept
Reject
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
3rd Party Cookies
Powered by  GDPR Cookie Compliance
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
Enable or Disable Cookies
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
3rd Party Cookies
This website uses Google Analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages.
Keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website.
Enable or Disable Cookies
Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences!
Enable All
Save Changes