https://rapidreticle.com/pfi-policies/
Skip to content
Lifetime Warranty
Pride Fowler Industries, Inc. (PFI) provides a Limited Lifetime Warranty for our products and warrants that each product is to be free of any manufacturer’s defects for the product’s life cycle whether purchased from PFI or an authorized PFI dealer. Should this product, in PFI’s opinion, fail to be in good working order during the warranty period, PFI will, at its option, repair or replace this product at no charge, provided that the product has not been subjected to abuse, misuse, accident, disaster, or non-PFI authorized modification or repair.
Products approved for return by a PFI Technician should be delivered with proof of purchase, a RMA (Return Material Authorization) number marked on the outside of the package, and prepaid postage. Returns should be insured and packaged for safe shipment. PFI will return this product by prepaid ground shipment service. If ground shipment service is not available, please enclose a $25.00 check to “Pride Fowler Industries, Inc.” for return shipping.
The Limited Lifetime Warranty is valid during the serviceable life of the product. This is defined as the period during which all components are available. Should the product prove to be irreparable, PFI reserves the right to substitute an equivalent product if available or to retract the Lifetime Warranty if no replacement is available or the product has been discontinued.
The above warranty is the only warranty authorized by Pride Fowler Industries, Inc. and applies to products sold on or after January 1, 2008.
NOTE: Under no circumstances will Pride Fowler Industries be liable in any way for damages, including any lost profits, lost savings or other incidental or consequential damages arising out of the use of, or inability to use, such products.
Terms and Conditions
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE.
All users of this site agree that access to and use of this site are subject to the following terms and conditions and other applicable law. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use this site.
Copyright
The entire content included in this site, including but not limited to text, graphics or code is copyrighted as a collective work under the United States and other copyright laws, and is the property of www.RapidReticle.com. The collective work includes works that are licensed to www.RapidReticle.com. Copyright 2008, www.RapidReticle.com ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Permission is granted to electronically copy and print hard copy portions of this site for the sole purpose of placing an order with www.RapidReticle.com or purchasing www.RapidReticle.com products. You may display and, subject to any expressly stated restrictions or limitations relating to specific material, download or print portions of the material from the different areas of the site solely for your own non-commercial use, or to place an order with www.RapidReticle.com or to purchase www.RapidReticle.com products. Any other use, including but not limited to the reproduction, distribution, display or transmission of the content of this site is strictly prohibited, unless authorized by www.RapidReticle.com. You further agree not to change or delete any proprietary notices from materials downloaded from the site.
TrademarksAll trademarks, service marks and trade names of www.RapidReticle.com used in the site are trademarks or registered trademarks of www.RapidReticle.com.
Warranty DisclaimerAll Pride Fowler Industries, Inc products are 100% warranted against manufacturer’s defects. Unauthorized modifications or deliberate abuse will void warranty. Defective products will be repaired or replaced at the sole discretion of Pride Fowler Industries.
Return/Refund PolicyProducts bought directly from Pride Fowler Industries may be returned withing 2 weeks (14 days) of purchase date for a full refund or exchange. Any product past the 14-day limit may be returned to ProMag Industries, and exchanged or repaired at their sole discretion. Products purchased from outside dealers must be returned to the place of purchase in accordance with their return policy.
Limitation of Liabilitywww.RapidReticle.com shall not be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials on this site or the performance of the products, even if www.RapidReticle.com has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Applicable law may not allow the limitation of exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.
Typographical ErrorsIn the event that a www.RapidReticle.com product is mistakenly listed at an incorrect price, www.RapidReticle.com reserves the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. www.RapidReticle.com reserves the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is cancelled, www.RapidReticle.com shall issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price.
Term; TerminationThese terms and conditions are applicable to you upon your accessing the site and/or completing the registration or shopping process. These terms and conditions, or any part of them, may be terminated by www.RapidReticle.com without notice at any time, for any reason. The provisions relating to Copyrights, Trademark, Disclaimer, Limitation of Liability, Indemnification and Miscellaneous, shall survive any termination.
Noticewww.RapidReticle.com may deliver notice to you by means of e-mail, a general notice on the site, or by other reliable method to the address you have provided to www.RapidReticle.com.
MiscellaneousYour use of this site shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the state of California, U.S.A., without regard to choice of law provisions, and not by the 1980 U.N. Convention on contracts for the international sale of goods. You agree that jurisdiction over and venue in any legal proceeding directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to this site (including but not limited to the purchase of www.RapidReticle.com products) shall be in the state or federal courts located in Los Angeles County, California. Any cause of action or claim you may have with respect to the site (including but not limited to the purchase of www.RapidReticle.com products) must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises. www.RapidReticle.com‘s failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these terms and conditions shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. Neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice shall act to modify any of these terms and conditions. www.RapidReticle.com may assign its rights and duties under this Agreement to any party at any time without notice to you.
Use of SiteHarassment in any manner or form on the site, including via e-mail, chat, or by use of obscene or abusive language, is strictly forbidden. Impersonation of others, including a www.RapidReticle.com or other licensed employee, host, or representative, as well as other members or visitors on the site is prohibited. You may not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through the site any content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable which may constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or which may otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law. You may not upload commercial content on the site or use the site to solicit others to join or become members of any other commercial online service or other organization.
Participation Disclaimerwww.RapidReticle.com does not and cannot review all communications and materials posted to or created by users accessing the site, and is not in any manner responsible for the content of these communications and materials. You acknowledge that by providing you with the ability to view and distribute user-generated content on the site, www.RapidReticle.com is merely acting as a passive conduit for such distribution and is not undertaking any obligation or liability relating to any contents or activities on the site. However, www.RapidReticle.com reserves the right to block or remove communications or materials that it determines to be (a) abusive, defamatory, or obscene, (b) fraudulent, deceptive, or misleading, (c) in violation of a copyright, trademark or; other intellectual property right of another or (d) offensive or otherwise unacceptable to www.RapidReticle.com in its sole discretion.
IndemnificationYou agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless www.RapidReticle.com, its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers (collectively the “Service Providers”) from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, resulting from any violation of these terms and conditions or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing the site using your Internet account.
Third-Party LinksIn an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, www.RapidReticle.com may link to sites operated by third parties. However, even if the third party is affiliated with www.RapidReticle.com, www.RapidReticle.com has no control over these linked sites, all of which have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of www.RapidReticle.com. These linked sites are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk. Nonetheless, www.RapidReticle.com seeks to protect the integrity of its web site and the links placed upon it and therefore requests any feedback on not only its own site, but for sites it links to as well (including if a specific link does not work).
Privacy Policy
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for www.RapidReticle.com. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing  We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We request information from you on our order form. To buy from us, you must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we’ll use this information to contact you.We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.  We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.  Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security  We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the Web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at (909) 599-0928 or via email at customerservice@rapidreticle.com.
Share this:TwitterFacebookLike this:Like Loading...
%d bloggers like this: