https://rashbel.com/privacy-policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
At Rashbel your privacy matters to us and we are committed to respect and protect your privacy and your personal information. Rashbel, will not rent, sell, or share personally identifiable information about you with other people or companies except for services you've requested, when we have your permission, or when we believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of these terms and conditions, or as otherwise required by law or a policy or notice contained or associated with a specific product or service. Personally, identifiable information includes such information as your full name, phone number, email address, or similar, when you register for an account. To update your account’s personally identifiable information, you can email us at sales@rashbel.com. We also send promotional emails and service-related emails related to your account. If you no longer wish to receive these emails, you may cancel your subscription any time.
As you browse rashbel.com, we use cookies, beacons, tags and scripts to collect non-personal information including standard internet log information and details of your behavioural patterns upon visiting our website pages. We do this to provide you with a better experience, identify preferences, diagnose technical problems, analyze trends, and to improve our website. This information is for internal use only – allowing us to deliver the best experience to our visitors. Information from the cookies is used to gauge page popularity, analyze traffic patterns on our site and guide the development of other improvements to our site.
Any information collected by Rashbel is stored or processed in accordance with the applicable data protection regulations.
All changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page. When we change the policy in a material manner, we will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our site, prior to the change becoming effective and update the ‘effective date’ at the top of this page.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this Site, or your dealings with this website, please contact us at sales@rashbel.com
Copyright © 2020 Rashbel. All rights reserved.