https://razorfencing.com/garden-privacy-screen
1800 474 1804
usrazorfencing@gmail.com
Free Shipping in United States
USA
Home (current)
Fence Screen
Razor Wire
Razor Wire Installation
Bird Spikes
Dog Kennel Covers
Contact Us
(Veteran Run & Owned)
Razor Wire Installation Service Available in Los Angeles Area
Razor Fencing is a leading vendor providing garden privacy screen, privacy fence screening, razor wire, windscreens, and bird spikes, serving different locations all over the US. Our commercial-grade products have been used on construction sites, at school yards, for baseball park outfields, and many other locations throughout US.
Razor Fencing is one of the largest Prolock-Stitch windscreening outlets in the nation. This material is UV-resistant and durable enough to stand the wear and tear of time. Besides blocking the wind that can damage landscaping or put a damper on outdoor activities, the screening material also adds a measure of privacy to any property. Our expert installers can make fence windscreens and patio privacy screens to any size, thanks to our custom program. Every project is backed by our company’s commitment to outstanding craftsmanship and our aspiration to please our buyers.
Razor Fencing also specializes in razor wire security installations, offering commercial razor wire made right here in the U.S.A. Our bird spike products assist in keeping properties clean and free of invasive bird nests, adding to the look and the value of both residential and commercial properties.
At Razor Fencing, we are one of the country’s leading windscreen suppliers, offering a range of colors and custom installation options to suit your needs perfectly. The windscreens can be installed on fencing, adding protection to baseball fields, tennis courts, construction sites, storage yards, and many more applications.
Razor Fencing only uses the finest commercial-grade fence windscreen materials, all proudly made in the U.S.A. We are the leading supplier of Prolock-Stitch windscreens, which are UV-resistant and made to withstand environmental damage for years of durability. We use a thick 4 ply Hem to frame it around the edges, then we double stitch it to the material and add brass grommets (rust free) to it which makes it long lasting. Our Pro-lock weave won’t unravel even if it cuts, it’s very durable and long lasting. Our windscreen covers even add a bit of privacy to properties, reducing visibility through the surrounding fencing. This adds a level of security for construction sites or equipment yards.
Razor Fencing serves the different locations all over the country. We also offer a range of other products, including security razor wire and bird spike products.
They can leave an unsightly mess behind when birds are allowed to roost or nest on buildings. Birds can also spread harmful diseases. Keep your residential or commercial buildings clean and free of birds by choosing Razor Fencing for your bird spike product needs.
Razor Fencing proudly serves the different locations all over the US, and we ship our bird spike products free to anywhere in the continental United States. Our bird spikes are safe and effective and are the number one bird control product recommended by architects, building managers, and U.S. government agencies.
Bird spikes can be put in on windowsills, rooflines, eaves, or anywhere migratory birds might roost. The spikes serve as an effective deterrent, keeping birds away without harming them. Our bird spikes provide the widest coverage. The durable plastic construction isUV protected and weatherproof for years of use. Razor Fencing’s bird spikes are sold in 2 foot sections with 50 feet per box. Bird Spikes provides the widest coverage of any physical bird deterrent! The one-piece rigid construction will deter any size bird (from sparrows to seagulls) from landing and roosting. One row of bird spikes will cover twice the area of any other spike product.
Razor Fencing is your unbeatable choice for service and selection. We also offer a range of other products, including windscreens for privacy and protection and razor wire products. Call us today or get in touch with us using our online form for a free and fast quote.
Recommended by all major animal rights groups as effective & safe
Razor Fencing also specializes in razor wire security installations, offering commercial razor wire made right here in the U.S.A. Our bird spike products help keep properties free and clean of invasive bird nests, adding to the look and the value of both residential and commercial properties. Keep your residential or commercial buildings clean and free of birds by choosing Razor Fencing for your bird spike product needs.
Bird spikes can be installed on windowsills, rooflines, eaves, or anywhere migratory birds might roost. Bird Spikes provides the widest coverage of any physical bird deterrent!