https://recollections.biz/cp-privacy-policy.html
Fashions inspired by history
Made in America since 1981
Live Chat
(0)
Login
/ My Account
(0)
0
Account
Contact
0
My Cart
New Products
New and Featured Accessories New and Featured Fashions New and Featured Hats View All
New and Featured Accessories New and Featured Fashions New and Featured Hats View All
New and Featured Accessories
New and Featured Fashions
New and Featured Hats
View All
Historical Era
Revolutionary Regency Early Victorian Pioneer Women Old West Civil War Era Polonaise Sets Bustle Eras Victorian Era Edwardian Era Roaring 20's 1950s Retro Roaring 20s Flapper Collections View All
Revolutionary Regency Early Victorian Pioneer Women Old West Civil War Era Polonaise Sets Bustle Eras Victorian Era Edwardian Era Roaring 20's 1950s Retro Roaring 20s Flapper Collections View All
Revolutionary
Regency
Early Victorian
Pioneer Women
Old West
Civil War Era
Polonaise Sets
Bustle Eras
Victorian Era
Edwardian Era
Roaring 20's
1950s Retro
Roaring 20s Flapper Collections
View All
Sale
Sale Clearance Items View All
Sale Clearance Items View All
Sale
Clearance Items
View All
Accessories
Capes, Shawls, Boas Belts Boots, Shoes, Stockings Collars, Jabots, Fichus Cuffs Fabric Corner Fans Gloves, Muffs Handbags, Reticules, Purses Hats Hoops, Bustles, Crinolines Jewelry Parasols Sashes View All
Capes, Shawls, Boas Belts Boots, Shoes, Stockings Collars, Jabots, Fichus Cuffs Fabric Corner Fans Gloves, Muffs Handbags, Reticules, Purses Hats Hoops, Bustles, Crinolines Jewelry Parasols Sashes View All
Capes, Shawls, Boas
Belts
Boots, Shoes, Stockings
Collars, Jabots, Fichus
Cuffs
Fabric Corner
Fans
Gloves, Muffs
Handbags, Reticules, Purses
Hats
Hoops, Bustles, Crinolines
Jewelry
Parasols
Sashes
View All
Gift Cards
Garment Type
Aprons, Pinafores Ball Gowns Blouses, Tops Bridal Gowns Dresses Ensembles In Mourning Jackets, Vests Modest Clothing Skirts Steampunk Suits Underpinnings Vintage Bathing Children's Clothing Menswear Halloween View All
Aprons, Pinafores Ball Gowns Blouses, Tops Bridal Gowns Dresses Ensembles In Mourning Jackets, Vests Modest Clothing Skirts Steampunk Suits Underpinnings Vintage Bathing Children's Clothing Menswear Halloween View All
Aprons, Pinafores
Ball Gowns
Blouses, Tops
Bridal Gowns
Dresses
Ensembles
In Mourning
Jackets, Vests
Modest Clothing
Skirts
Steampunk
Suits
Underpinnings
Vintage Bathing
Children's Clothing
Menswear
Halloween
View All
Movies, TV, Theatre
Downton Abbey Fashions Somewhere in Time Fashions Characters from
Fiction Characters from History A Christmas Carol Fashions Little Women Civil War Fashions My Fair Lady Edwardian Fashions Wizard of Oz Fashions Annie Get Your Gun Fashions Great Gatsby Fashions Breakfast at Tiffany's Fashions Age of Innocence Fashions Alice in Wonderland Fashions Dickens Fashions Mrs Santa Claus View All
Downton Abbey Fashions Somewhere in Time Fashions Characters from
Fiction Characters from History A Christmas Carol Fashions Little Women Civil War Fashions My Fair Lady Edwardian Fashions Wizard of Oz Fashions Annie Get Your Gun Fashions Great Gatsby Fashions Breakfast at Tiffany's Fashions Age of Innocence Fashions Alice in Wonderland Fashions Dickens Fashions Mrs Santa Claus View All
Downton Abbey Fashions
Somewhere in Time Fashions
Characters from
Fiction
Characters from History
A Christmas Carol Fashions
Little Women Civil War Fashions
My Fair Lady Edwardian Fashions
Wizard of Oz Fashions
Annie Get Your Gun Fashions
Great Gatsby Fashions
Breakfast at Tiffany's Fashions
Age of Innocence Fashions
Alice in Wonderland Fashions
Dickens Fashions
Mrs Santa Claus
View All
Christmas Gifts
Garment Gossip
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Recollections website. On some pages, you can order products, make requests, and sign up to receive our newsletter. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
Name Address Email address Phone number Credit/Debit Card Information
On some pages, you can submit information about other people. For example, if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient, you will need to submit the recipient's address. In this circumstance, the types of personal information collected are:
Name Address Phone Number
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order. We use the information you provide about someone else when placing an order only to ship the product and to confirm delivery. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
You can register with our website if you would like to receive our newsletter as well as updates on our new products and services. Information you submit on our website will not be used for this purpose unless you fill out the registration form.
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
We are working with Shopper Approved to improve your shopping experience. If you choose, you will be able to complete a survey and rate your shopping experience with us when you check out. This is not an automatic process and by opting-in, you allow us to use the following information identified for this purpose.
Order ID Name Email Address
If you choose to participate, in addition to an opportunity to provide feedback when you check out, you may receive an email from Shopper Approved after you receive your order with another survey about your order. The information provided is not shared with anyone other than Shopper Approved for the specified purpose.
If you would like to contact us for any reason regarding our privacy policy and practices, please write us at Recollections, Inc. 7956 County Road 451, Hawks, Michigan 49743 or e-mail us at sales@recollections.biz.
Sign Up for Our Newsletter
proudly Designs & produces Clothing in the
USA