https://redwoodhill.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
PROTECTING YOUR PRIVACY
Redwood Hill Farm & Creamery, Inc. (“Redwood Hill Farm & Creamery”, “we”, “us”, or “our”), maker of Redwood Hill Farm goat milk dairy products, operates the website www.redwoodhill.com (the “Site”). This privacy policy (“Policy”) applies only to our Site and not to outside websites. While our Site may contain links to external sites like Facebook, Twitter and Instagram, we encourage you to review their third-party privacy policies to understand how they protect your privacy.
We always strive to operate on the principles of respect and fairness, and we are committed to keeping your Personal Information secure by protecting your privacy and the confidentiality of your Personal Information. Periodically we update or modify this Privacy Policy and will indicate the date of the last update on the top of this page. We therefore encourage you to check in by visiting this page from time to time to see if there are changes. By using our Site, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Policy.
WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
While using our Sites, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you (“Personal Information”). Personal Information may include, but is not limited to, your name, address, phone number and email address.
You may, for example, provide Personal Information by sending us your feedback on our products, signing up for our newsletter or by participating in contests and sweepstakes. Your participation in any of these activities is voluntary and we will use Personal Information only for the purposes for which it was collected. For example, we may use your Personal Information to answer your questions, fulfill your requests, provide services or products to you, or improve our products and services.
Newsletter
We send our electronic newsletter to consumers who opted in on our website, social media pages, at events or through our contact form to receive news from us. Once signed up for our newsletter, you will receive information about our promotions, articles on topics of interest, recipes using our products, and other information relating to our products.  You may choose to no longer receive these communications by clicking the “Unsubscribe” link at the bottom of any of the emails you receive from us.  If you unsubscribe, you will no longer receive marketing emails from us, but you may still receive non-marketing emails like responses from inquiries made on our Contact Us page.
Contests, sweepstakes and games
We may use Personal Information to administer contests, sweepstakes, or regarding other marketing information and promotions. If you choose to participate, we may ask for Personal Information from you, like first name, last name, contact information, and location information.  To learn more about our contests, sweepstakes and other promotions, please review the official rules or details that are posted with each promotion.
Consumer feedback and stories
Feedback from our consumers is very important to us because we constantly seek to make our products better, develop new products and improve our customers’ experience. We are interested in consumer stories, as they relate to our product – for example when and why they started eating them, how they use them in their daily routine or recipes and what they mean to them in their daily lives.
If you voluntarily share some of your personal experiences, recipes and/or photographs of our products by email or on one of our sites, you agree to have this information republished by us or used for other marketing promotions.
Tracking technologies
Technical information that may be collected includes information about the computer system or other technological device you may be using to access our Site, such as your computer’s IP address, operating system type and web browser, or websites you may have visited before visiting ours. If using a mobile phone or tablet, your device’s unique device ID and other similar mobile device data may be collected.
We use the following technologies to enhance the functionality, experience and navigation of our Site for our visitors:
Cookies: Cookies are text files with small amounts of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your computer’s hard drive. Like many sites, we use Cookies to collect information and to understand how you navigate our Site. We can use this information to continuously improve your experience. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Site.
Web beacons: A web beacon is an invisible, embedded object or GIF file in a website or email, which allows us to check whether a user has accessed content. We may use this to track who is reading our Site, emails and newsletter, as well as when, and from which computer. It allows us to see if an email was read or forwarded to someone else, or if a web page was copied to another website.
Analytical technology: We may use third-party tracking services that capture how people navigate on our Site.  This may include information on which pages you visited, what links you clicked on and how much time you spent browsing our Site. We do not link this non-Personal Information with Personal Information.
HOW DO WE USE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT?
We use Personal Information for a variety of purposes, all intended to serve our customers better. These purposes include improving the user experience on our Sites, answering your questions and providing great customer service, improving our products and developing new products, administering contests, sweepstakes and other marketing promotions, sending newsletters and other information relevant to our customers, and other general business purposes.
HOW DO WE SHARE PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We do not sell, transfer or otherwise disclose to third parties the Personal Information we collect on our Site except to provide services you requested on our Site or as required by law. On occasion, we may share Personal Information with trusted parties who provide services on our behalf, help us operate our Sites, or assist us in conducting our business, as long as these parties agree to keep such information confidential.  We do not sell your Personal Information.
THIRD-PARTY LINKS
Our website may contain links to other websites that are operated by third parties. We have no control over these websites, and they have their own privacy policies. Before you submit any information on third-party websites, you should review their privacy policies and practices carefully.
Our Site also may use third-party integrations, sometimes referred to as “plugins”, to provide you with enhanced services or features.  These third-party integrations are governed by the privacy policies of their respective providers.
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
We are committed to protecting the privacy of children and we do not knowingly collect, store or solicit personal information from children under the age of 13. If a child has already provided us with personal information, his or her parent or guardian may contact us at contact@redwoodhill.com to have this personal information deleted.
FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
As a California resident, you may have the right to request and receive certain information about our disclosure of your personal information to third parties for their own marketing use and you may opt-out of our disclosure of Personal Information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. You may choose to opt-out of the sharing of your Personal Information with third parties for marketing purposes at any time by emailing us at contact@redwoodhill.com. This opt-out does not prohibit disclosures made for non-marketing purposes.
CALIFORNIA “DO NOT TRACK” NOTICE
Your web browser may have a “Do Not Track” feature that, when enabled, can tell websites to not track your online behavior.  Our Site does not respond to these “Do Not Track” signals.  We do not link your online click behavior with your Personal Information.  You can learn more about “Do Not Track” by visiting this link: www.allaboutdnt.com.
SECURITY OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
The security of your Personal Information is important to us. We maintain commercially reasonable administrative, technical and physical safeguards designed to protect against the unauthorized use, disclosure or access to the Personal Information we collect through our Sites.
CALIFORNIA CCPA DATA SUBJECT RIGHTS
If you are a California resident, The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) provides privacy rights to you with respect to Personal Information. Please note that we will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights under the CCPA.
The rights under the CCPA include:
Access to what Personal Information is being collected about you.
Knowledge of whether your Personal Information is sold or disclosed and to whom. We do not sell Personal Information to third parties.
Opt-out of the sale of your Personal Information.
Access to the Personal Information we have collected about you.
You can request that we delete any Personal Information collected from you.
Not to be discriminated against for exercising your rights under the CCPA.
You can exercise these rights by reaching us via email, phone or message us from our “contact us” page here: https://redwoodhill.com/contact/.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to change or replace this Privacy Policy at our sole discretion at any time. Please check back periodically to make sure you are aware of any updates or changes to this Privacy Policy.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
Redwood Hill Farm & Creamery, Inc.
2064 Gravenstein Hwy N, Bldg. 1, Ste. 130
Sebastopol, CA 95472
Phone: 1-877-238-3543
Email: https://redwoodhill.com/contact/
Find Product