http://rejuvenation.com/customer-service/legal
TODAY ONLY
SAVE UP TO 70% OFF PREMIER DAY DEALS
UP TO 20% OFF
LIGHTING
UP TO 50% OFF
RUGS & RUNNERS
UP TO 70% OFF
DECOR, HARDWARE, FURNITURE & MORE
Customer Service
Help & Contact
Overview
FAQs & Information
Contact Information
Email Sign-Up
Shopping With Confidence
Track My Order
Shipping & Delivery
Returns & Exchanges
Request a Catalog
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Legal Statement
Warranty
Safety Recalls
Accessibility
Legal Statement
Copyright 2020, Rejuvenation, Inc.
Rejuvenation® is a registered trademark of Rejuvenation, Inc.
All of the content on this Web Site is subject to copyright, trademark, service mark, trade dress and other intellectual property rights or licenses held by Rejuvenation, Inc., part of Williams-Sonoma, Inc. Your use of the trademarks, service marks, trade dress and copyrighted material displayed on this Web Site is strictly prohibited. You may download, print and store selected portions of the content, provided you (1) only use these copies of the content for your own personal, non-commercial use, (2) do not copy or post the content on any network computer or broadcast the content in any media, and (3) do not modify or alter the content in any way, or delete or change any copyright or trademark notice.
No right, title or interest in any downloaded materials is transferred to you as a result of any such downloading.
Rejuvenation, Inc. reserves complete title and full intellectual property rights in any content you download from the Web Site. Except as noted above, you may not copy, download, reproduce, modify, publish, distribute, transmit, transfer or create derivative works from the content. One or more patents may apply to the Web Site, including without limitation, U.S. Patent Nos. 5,528,490; 5,761,649; and 6,029,142.
© 2020 Rejuvenation, Inc. All Rights Reserved
Terms & Conditions (Updated Apr 2020)
Accessibility
Privacy Policy
Legal Statement
Site Map