https://rendezvousstyle.com/privacy_policy.html
PRIVACY POLICY
Our full contact details are:
Rendezvous Gallery (Karen Burton, owner)
Email address: info@rendezvousstyle.com
Phone: 540-882-3269
Postal address: 15870 Old Waterford Road, Paeonian Springs, Virginia 20129 USA
Rendezvous Gallery is committed to protecting your privacy and providing a safe method of commerce. This privacy policy sets out how Rendezvous Gallery uses and protects any information that you give Rendezvous Gallery when you contact us by phone or email or use this website.
Rendezvous Gallery does not share or sell any personal or financial information gathered except as required by law. All information gathered is used strictly for the purpose of processing your order or communicating with you.
Rendezvous Gallery may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page periodically
to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from May 23, 2018.
What Information We Collect
We collect contact and payment information (i.e. name and address, telephone number, credit card number, billing/shipping address) for the purpose of placing, shipping and communicating about an order. We collect the name, email address and optional preferences and interests of visitors who choose to subscribe to our email newsletter.
What We Do With the Information We Gather
We acquire this information to understand your needs and provide you with better service, and in particular, for the following reasons:
Manage customer orders and internal record-keeping
Improve our products and services
Send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided with your consent
Contact you for market research purposes by email, phone or mail to customize our website according to your interests.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online or offline.
Rendezvous Gallery uses advanced encryption technology and a secure server (SSL) to transmit your online order and ensure that your credit card information is safe. SSL is the industry standard and the best software available for secure ecommerce transactions. Our shopping cart is powered by 1ShoppingCart.com, verified by VeriSign and PCI certified by Security Metrics.
Our secure payment gateway processors are Authorize.net and PayPal.
We have procedures in place to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator within 72 hours of a breach if we are legally required to.
For your convenience, feel free to call us at (540) 882-3269, Monday-Friday 9 am - 5 pm (eastern standard time) if you prefer to place an order over the phone.
How We Use Cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use Google Analytics traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyze data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes. For more information see the Privacy Policy for Google Analytics.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website. For more information about cookies, you may visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
We offer the AddThis sharing tool on our website. It lets a visitor share the link to a web page via social media, email, etc. You may want to review the AddThis Privacy Policy or opt-out of data collection for the purposes of interest based advertising by visiting this link: NAI opt out program.
If you continue to use this website, you consent to the use of cookies.
Email Opt-In/Opt-Out & Preferences
We do not send unsolicited email messages/newsletters to anyone. A visitor must opt-in/subscribe to receive our bi-monthly enewsletter called "What's New at Rendezvous". We never give, sell or rent our visitor or customer email addresses.
You may unsubscribe at any time by following the unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of every Rendezvous Gallery enewsletter. You can also email us at info[at]rendezvousstyle[dot]com or call us at 540-882-3269. You can edit your email preferences by clicking on the "Update Preferences" link at the bottom of any Rendezvous Gallery enewsletter.
Asking to be removed from the Rendezvous Gallery email list will not prevent you from receiving email communications relating to any online order you place at rendezvousstyle.com or other operational communications if you have provided us with your email address.
Links to Other Web Sites
Our web site may contain links to other web sites of interest; however, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other web site. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide while visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
HIGHLIGHTS
Thank you so much! The (Leonie Lacouette) clock is amazing, just love it.
Renee Hafeman
Scappoose, Oregon
More customer comments