https://rendezvousstyle.com/terms_and_conditions.html
ORDERING TERMS & CONDITIONS
All works found at Rendezvous Gallery are handcrafted by US artists and are selected for their high quality and their unique appeal. Some items are one-of-a-kind and cannot be reproduced. Other items are considered "limited production" and may be reordered. Due to the methods used in creating custom pieces, there may be slight variations from the image(s) displayed on this website. Posted prices are as accurate as possible. Rendezvous Gallery reserves the right to adjust the price due to artists' increases. Customer will be notified of such increase and will be given the opportunity to approve the order before order is finalized.
Secure Online Ordering
Rendezvous Gallery uses advanced encryption technology and a secure server (SSL) to transmit your online order and ensure that your credit card information is safe. The shopping cart is powered by 1ShoppingCart.com, verified by VeriSign and PCI certified by Security Metrics.
For personal service, Rendezvous Gallery also accepts orders by phone (1-540-882-3269) or by email (info@rendezvousstyle.com). Leave a message with your name, phone number, time zone and information regarding what you are interested in ordering and we will respond as soon as possible.
Payment Terms
Rendezvous Gallery accepts payment by VISA, MasterCard, American Express, Discover, PayPal and E-Check. To pay by mailed check, please call Rendezvous Gallery at 1-540-882-3269 and your order will be processed manually. Check must clear our bank before order can be finalized.
Rendezvous Gallery is committed to superior service and privacy. See our privacy policy.
Shipping & Handling
The estimated "ships within" dates found on artwork offered by Rendezvous Gallery refers to business days, which excludes weekends and holidays. Whenever possible, items will ship out sooner than the estimated times.
Rendezvous Gallery currently ships to addresses in the United States and Canada. (We cannot ship to PO Boxes or APO/FPO addresses.) Shipment to other countries may be possible after researching country restrictions and determining additional fees. Shipping prices quoted on the Rendezvous site are for continental U.S. shipments only. Additional fees will apply to other destinations.
All shipments are insured during transit from Rendezvous Gallery and/or the artist to the recipient.
Most items are shipped via UPS ground service. For rush delivery or other delivery methods, contact Rendezvous Gallery by phone at 1-540-882-3269. The difference between ground and premium rates will be added to the order.
Shipping & handling costs are added to the price of offered works and are the responsibility of the purchaser.
Damaged Shipment(s)
If an order arrives damaged, please call Rendezvous Gallery immediately at 1-540-882-3269 to initiate a claim. Hold onto the package and all packing materials until you receive return instructions.
Rendezvous Gallery will not be liable for failure of the purchaser to follow the damage claim process.
Returns
Returns will be accepted within 7 days of receipt if item(s) are returned in their original condition.
Returns not accepted for custom orders.
To initiate a return, call Rendezvous Gallery at 1-540-882-3269 within 3 days of receipt of the work.
Return shipping must be initiated within 7 days of receipt.
Return shipping and insurance coverage costs are the responsibility of the purchaser.
Original shipping costs will not be refunded unless the return is the result of our error.
Items must be returned in the original packaging and insured for the full value of the work.
HIGHLIGHTS
I received the (Jay Rotberg) sculpture last week and my wife loved it. Thanks! They are very nice and I can see how tempting it is to start collecting them.
Ken Ng
Huntington, New York
More customer comments