https://renuva.net/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policyadmin2018-12-11T01:15:50+00:00
Privacy Policy
The Renuva website (“Site”) is sponsored by Anti-Aging Formulas LLC (“AAF”) recognizes the importance of protecting the privacy of information we may collect from our on-line visitors. To this end, we are committed to using our best efforts to respect the privacy of our on-line visitors. It is our intent to balance our legitimate business interests in collecting and using information received from and about you with your reasonable expectations of privacy. The following is the way we handle information learned about you from your visit to our website.
Collective Data
AAF Site deposits certain bits of information called “cookies” in a visitor’s computer. Cookies are sent back only to our Site that deposited them when a visitor returns to our Site. Cookies can tell us how and when pages in our Site are visited and by how many people. This technology does not collect personal identifiable information; the information collected is in an aggregate, non-identifiable form. With the information we can learn through this technology, we hope to improve our Site.
Internet tags (also known as single-pixel GIFs, clear GIFs, invisible GIFs, and 1-by-1 GIFs) are smaller than cookies and tell the website server information such as the IP address and browser type related to the visitor’s computer. This Site uses Internet tags. Tags have been placed both on online advertisements that bring people to the Site and on different pages of the Site. These tags indicate how many times a page is opened and which information is consulted. We do not collect or seek personally identifiable information through these tags.
As you navigate through most websites, certain non-personally identifiable information may be collected automatically. Examples of this non-personally identifiable information include the name of your internet service provider, the website that you used to link to our Site, the websites that you visit from our Site and your IP-Address. This data could possibly lead to your identification; however it is not collected or used for this purpose. The data is used for statistical purposes, but the individual user remains anonymous.
Personally Identifiable Information
Some areas of this Site may require you to submit information in order for you to benefit from the specified features (such as eMail newsletters, free samples, electronic coupons) or to participate in a particular activity (such as sweepstakes or other promotions). You will be informed at each information collection point what information is required and what information is optional. We will provide a clear notice or our intended use of the data.
How will AAF use the personally identifiable information we collect?
We collect this information to better understand your needs and ways in which we can improve our products. We recognize that by providing us with personally-identifiable information you are demonstrating your trust in our company and our brands and we take that trust very seriously. We maintain this information in a secure database that we use to analyze consumer needs. To further understand key issues, we may contact you for additional information.
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer and improve our Site.  Your IP address is used to help identify you and your shopping cart and except as otherwise stated, we may use your information to customize the Site to your preferences, to communicate information to you (if you have requested it), for our marketing and research purposes, and for the purposes specified in this Privacy Policy.
If you provide personally identifiable information to this Site, we may combine such information with other actively collected information unless we specify otherwise at the point of collection.
We may disclose your personally identifiable information to other AAF affiliates that agree to treat it in accordance with this Privacy Policy. In addition, we may disclose your personally identifiable information to third parties, but only
to contractors we use to support our business (e.g., fulfillment services, technical support, delivery services, and financial institutions), in which case we will require such third parties to agree to treat it in accordance with this Privacy Policy;
in connection with the sale, assignment, or other transfer of the business of this Site to which the information relates, in which case we will require any such buyer to agree to treat it in accordance with this Privacy Policy; or
where required by applicable laws, court orders, or government regulations.
Our Site’s mailing list registration form requires users to give us contact information (like their name and email address).  We use this information to send information about our company and promotional material from some of our partners to the user.  This information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary.
Our Site uses an order form for customers to order products or for requesting information. We collect visitor’s contact information (like their email address) and financial information (i.e.: credit card and bank account numbers).  Contact information from the order form is used to send orders and information about our company to our customers.  The customer’s contact information is also used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary.  Financial information that is provided by visitors is used to bill the user for products and services.
Your Right to Cancel
You can cancel your authorization for use of your personal data at any time with regard to future use. If you wish to cancel your authorization for use of your personal data, contact us at info@renuva.net.
Links to Other Sites
As a resource to our visitors, AAF provides links to other websites. We try to carefully choose websites which we believe are useful and meet our high standards. However, because websites can change so quickly, we can’t guarantee the standards of every website link we provide or be responsible for the content of non-AAF sites.
Security
We take reasonable steps to protect your personally identifiable information as you transmit your information from your computer to our Site and to protect such information from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. You should keep in mind that no Internet transmission is ever 100% secure or error-free. In particular, email sent to or from this Site may not be secure, and you should therefore take special care in deciding what information you send to us via e-mail. Moreover, where you use passwords, ID numbers, or other special access features on this Site, it is your responsibility to safeguard them.
Children
We do not specifically collect information about children.
Your Consent
By using our Site or clicking on our advertisements or promotions, you consent to the collection and use of non-personally identifiable information by AAF. Any change to our privacy policy will be posted on this page so that you are always aware of the information collected and its intended use.
Changes
Any changes to this privacy policy will be communicated promptly on this page. Our online surveys ask visitors for financial information (like their account or credit card numbers) and demographic information (like their zip code, age, or income level).  Financial information that is collected from our users is used to check the users’ qualifications.  Demographic and profile data is also collected at our Site.  We use this data to tailor our visitor’s experience at our Site, showing them content that we think they might be interested in, and displaying the content according to their preferences.
Choice/Opt-Out
Our Site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us and our partners at the point where we request information about the visitor.
This Site gives users the following options for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our service.
1. You can send email to optout@renuva.net
Copyright © 2018, Anti-Aging Formulas LLC. All Rights Reserved
Can’t Sleep? No Energy? Fatigued?
Bad Mood?
Get the FREE E-Book
“WHAT’S KEEPING YOU UP AT NIGHT”
Download Now
This little book could be your first step on the road to living life with gusto.
Simply fill out the brief form below and you will be emailed a link to download the Free E-book
Email*
First NameLast NamePhoneThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
×