https://revo.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Revo is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This policy together with our Terms and Conditions sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed and handled us. "Personal data" means any information relating to you that can identify you, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, email, address, an identification number, location data, or an online identifier. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. This privacy policy applies to our website (www.revo.co.uk) and any products or services supplied by us. By using www.revo.co.uk you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this policy.
Personal Information You Provide To Us
You may give us personal information by filling in forms on www.revo.co.uk or by corresponding with us by phone, email or otherwise. This includes information you provide when you register, visit or use our webiste, place an order, or subscribe to our newsletter. The information you give us may include your name, address, email address, telephone number and which products you have purchased from us.
How We Use Your Personal Information
We will use the information you give us for the following purposes:
To improve customer service and help us respond to your support needs more efficiently.
To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us and to provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us.
To provide you with information about other goods and services we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about.
To provide you with information about goods or services we feel may interest you. If you are an existing customer we will contact you by email where possible and by telephone only as a last resort, in connection with an order you have placed with us online.
If you are a new customer, we will contact you by electronic means only if you have consented to this.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our Terms of Sale and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Revo Technologies Ltd., our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Storage of Your Personal Information
We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our website; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
Marketing and Third Party Links
We will ask for your permission if we intend to use your data for marketing purposes. Should you decide that you no longer want to give us such a permission, you may do so by unsubscribing from our newsletter or simply by contacting us via our support page.
Revo Technologies Ltd will not pass your personal information to a third party for marketing purposes, unless your prior and express permission has been received.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page, therefore please check back frequently to see any updates or changes. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent.
Contact Us
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be forwarded to our data protection officer Fraser Smith at privacy@revo.co.uk, or alternatively via our Support page.