http://rforchids.com/index.php/faqs/privacy-policy/
Our Privacy Policy
Who We Are
R.F. Orchids, Inc. is south Florida’s oldest and largest orchid nursery. Our website address is www.rforchids.com. We are located at 28100 SW 182 Ave., Homestead, Florida, 33030, USA. We sell orchids at the nursery and in our website catalog. Complete contact information is below.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
The main website collects no personal data from visitors. Our online catalog collects only data submitted by the user for order placement and/or mailing list requests. We need this data in order to accept and process catalog orders, so the catalog collects name, address and other contact information. We retain this information in the shopping software and internally in a password-protected order database accessible only by certain R.F. Orchids employees. We do not retain credit card or other payment information submitted to the website catalog shopping software.
Comments
Comments are disabled, so we do not collect any data related to comments.
Media
Media uploads by visitors are disabled.
Contact forms
If you submit a tour information request using the website form, we collect the information provided in order to respond to the request. Name, postal and email addresses are retained for up to two years in an internal database accessible only by select R.F. Orchids employees. Tour information request data is not shared outside the company. If you submit a request to be added to our “mailing list”, your name and address (postal and/or email) are added to our internal, password-protected customer database.
Cookies
We do not use cookies on this website.
Embedded content from other websites
Content on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These other websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
We use Google Analytics to anonymously track user activity on the site. We do not collect any personal data.
Who we share your data with
We do not share personal data with anyone except the payment services (Authorize.Net and PayPal) used to process catalog order transactions.
How long we retain your data
We keep tour information request data for up to two years, and customer purchase records for up to ten years.
For users that register in our website catalog in order to make purchases from the catalog, (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account with our catalog you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
We do not send your data outside our internal customer databases, we do not share or sell it to third parties. From time to time we may use a third-party mailing service to send promotional materials by US postal mail to US-based addresses.
Our contact information
R.F. Orchids, Inc.
28100 SW 182 Ave.
Homestead  FL  33030
USA
T: 305-245-4570
F: 305-247-6568
E: info@rforchids.com
How we protect your data
Our internal customer databases are password protected and accessible only by select R.F. Orchids employees and contract software engineers.
Nursery
R.F. Orchids Nursery 28100 SW 182 Ave.
Homestead, FL 33030-1804 305-245-4570 305-247-6568
info@rforchids.com
Flower Shop
R.F. Orchids & Flowers Fishing Village, Ocean Reef Club
Key Largo, FL 33037 305-367-5970
FlowerShop@rforchids.com
Trip Advisor
©2017 RF Orchids, Inc. | Website powered by DelPuma Consulting Group.
Start typing and press Enter to search