http://richardlaynephoto.com/privacy-policy/
Home / Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
All information you give to Richard Layne Adventurer Photo on this website is confidential. I too am hesitant to give out information over the World Wide Web, so I understand any hesitation you might have in making a purchase off my website. Let me emphatically assure you that I am not walking blind on how to make a website secure. There are experts in this field, and I use them.
What information do I collect?
In order for me to send you a hard copy book, greeting cards, or a printed photo I have to have your address. Naturally, if you only purchase an eBook there is no need for a phone number and physical address. Therefore, I will only ask for information that is pertinent for me to deliver your purchased product. No information provided by you will be provided under any circumstances to a third party. The types of information I will collect are listed below:
Name
Address
Email address
Phone number
Credit/Debit card information
Transaction information
Under certain circumstances, you can submit information about other people. For example, if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient, you will need to submit the recipient’s address. In this circumstance, the types of Personal Information collected are:
Name
Address
Email address
Phone number
My Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, I have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information I collect online. For example, I work to protect the security of your Personal Information during any transmission of same by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input.
Only the last five digits of your credit card numbers are revealed when confirming an order. I transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing.
It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer.
You also have the option to access Richard Layne Adventurer Photo website from your mobile or wireless device. When using your mobile device or a wireless network, the carrier or network administrator may have access to your Personal Information. For information regarding your carrier or network administrator’s treatment of your information, please consult their respective privacy policies.
Cookies and IP Information
Richard Layne Adventurer Photo does not place cookies or anything else on your computer or communication device. Furthermore, I do not record your IP address. I realize this is bad for my marketing, but I seek to respect confidentiality and privacy.
External Links
I have links to other sites on my site. Outside of breaking the link I have no control over what they do and don’t do with information provided by you should you visit those sites. This Privacy Policy applies only to my website.
Your Rights and Obligations With Respect To Content and Material Submitted By You
Any comments, reviews, posts, feedback, questions, answers, notes, messages, images, video, audio, materials, ideas, suggestions or other communications you submit on Richard Layne Adventurer Photo are not private or proprietary. By submitting User Content on or through this site, you grant Richard Layne Adventurer Photo an irrevocable, royalty-free, worldwide, perpetual right and license to use, copy, modify, display, archive, store, distribute, reproduce and create derivative works based upon such User Content, in any form, media, software or technology of any kind now existing or developed in the future. By submitting such User Content on or through Richard Layne Adventurer Photo, you are confirming that (a) you are the sole author of the User Content and the User Content originated with you and was not copied in whole or in part from any other work; (b) you have obtained all necessary permissions associated with the User Content, including without limitation permissions relating to copyrights, trademarks, rights of publicity and/or rights of privacy; (c) the User Content does not contain hate speech or profanity and is not libelous, obscene or otherwise in violation of this Agreement, and (d) that you are not a minor and have the legal right and capacity to enter into and comply with these Terms. By submitting any such User Content on or through Richard Layne Adventurer Photo, you grant Richard Layne Adventurer Photo permission to use your name, alias and any other information (as provided by you) to attribute such User Content to you. You also grant Richard Layne Adventurer Photo the right to use any material, information, ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in such User Content. I am not responsible for the similarity of any of My Content or programming in any media to User Content submitted by you. Any and all rights granted in this section are granted without the need for any compensation to you in any form. User Content does not necessarily reflect my views, nor do I represent or guarantee the truthfulness, accuracy, completeness, timeliness or reliability of any User Content, nor endorses or supports any opinions expressed in any User Content. In no event shall Richard Layne Adventurer Photo have or be construed to have any responsibility or liability for or in connection with any User Content. If I determine, as my sole discretion, you or any User Content you submit violates this Agreement, I reserve the right, at any time, without notice and without limiting any and all other rights I may have under this Agreement, to (a) refuse to allow you to submit further User Content, (b) remove and delete your User Content, (c) revoke your registration and right to use the User Content Submission Features and (d) use any technological, legal, operational or other means available to enforce the terms of this Agreement.
RICHARD LAYNE ADVENTURER PHOTO DOES NOT ENDORSE THE USER CONTENT, IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE USER CONTENT AND SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY TO ANY PERSON OR ENTITY (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, PERSONS WHO MAY USE OR RELY ON SUCH USER CONTENT) FOR ANY LOSS, DAMAGE (WHETHER ACTUAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR OTHERWISE), INJURY, CLAIM, LIABILITY OR OTHER CAUSE OF ANY KIND OR CHARACTER BASED UPON OR RESULTING FROM ANY USER CONTENT PROVIDED THROUGH THIS WEB SITE.
My Commitment to Children’s Privacy
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, I do not collect or maintain information at my website from those I actually know are under 13, and no part of my website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
Opting Out Of Communications with Richard Layne Adventurer Photo
You may elect not to receive on-line or off-line communication from me. To stop receiving Richard Layne Adventurer Photo email, please send me an email containing the subject line “no more”.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
I may change or replace this Privacy Policy at any time. If I make material changes, I will provide current customers with a revised notice that describes my new practices or a link to the new privacy policy.
Share this:ShareEmailFacebookTwitterLinkedInPinterestRedditTumblrPocket
Inaccessible
Inaccessible
Hardcover $27.95 USD
Softcover $19.95 USD
Glacier National Park personnel repeatedly stated that during the winter the high mountain cirque, Hole in the Wall was inaccessible. They were almost right.
This is the story and photos of four trips that almost took the author’s life twice.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Cancel
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.