https://rieke.com/privacy-policy/
847.622.9711
info@rieke.com
Facebook
Twitter
Facebook
Twitter
My account
0 Items
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for Rieke Office Interiors (www.rieke.com & www.verticalinteriordesign.com). This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request. In connection with a transaction we may also contact you as part of our customer satisfaction surveys or for market research purposes.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Links to Other Websites
We are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our website, including the information or content contained therein. Please remember that when you use a link to go from our website to another website, our Privacy Policy does not apply to third-party websites or services. Your browsing and interaction on any third-party website or service, including those that have a link or advertisement on our website, are subject to that third party’s own rules and policies. This Privacy Policy does not apply to information we collect by other means (including offline) or from other sources other than through this website.
Cookies
We use “cookies” on this site. A cookie is a text-only piece of data stored on a site visitor’s hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
By using or accessing the Website, you are consenting to Rieke Office Interior’s use of Cookies as follows:
Analytical Purposes: We use Cookies to analyze user activity in order to improve the website.  We use such analysis through third-party identifiers (such as Google and Zoho) to gain insights about how to improve the functionality and experience of the website.
Marketing: We use Cookies from third-party partners such as Google for marketing purposes. These Cookies allow us to display Rieke Office Interior’s promotional material to you on other sites you visit across the Internet. This could be in the form of an advertisement on the Google search results page, or a site in the Google Display Networks. These companies also use automated technologies to collect information when you click on our ads, which helps track and manage the effectiveness of our marketing efforts.
Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on someone’s past visits to the Rieke Office Interior’s website.  Of course, any data collected will be used in accordance with our own privacy policy and Google’s privacy policy.
You can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Preference page (link to adssettings.google.com), and if you want to you can opt out of interest-based advertising entirely by cookie settings (link to http://optout.networkadvertising.org/).
Information Security and Quality
We intend to protect your personal information and to maintain its quality. In the event that any information under our control is compromised as a result of a breach of security, Rieke Office Interiors will take reasonable steps to investigate the situation and where appropriate, notify those individuals whose information may have been compromised and take other steps, in accordance with any applicable laws and regulations.
All Human Resources web interactions in connection with a job application or inquiry, presented on our website or otherwise, in which you may provide us with information about yourself, such as a resume:
We may use this information throughout Rieke Office Interiors and its related entities for the purpose of employment consideration or your inquiry. Except where you tell us not to, we will keep the information on file for future consideration.
Privacy Questions and Access
If you have a question about this statement, you can send an email to info@rieke.com or in writing to:.
Rieke Office Interiors, 2000 Fox Lane, Elgin, IL 60123.
This web site may contain other proprietary notices and copyright information, the terms of which must be observed and followed. Information on this Web site may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors.
Information may be changed or updated without notice. Rieke Office Interiors may also make improvements and/or changes to this information at any time without notice.
Search for:
Recent Posts
Workplace Ergonomics
Key Performance Indicators: Are They Important or Time Wasters? Why, What, and How to Measure KPI
Delegating Steps
Workplace Reentry Survey Results
Safe Gym Reopening
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkPrivacy policy