https://rissyroos.com/privacy-policy/
My Cart
Checkout
Login
Hot Search:
Prom Dresses
Sherri Hill Dresses
Sweet 16 Dresses
Prom Dresses
Quinceanera Dresses
Home
Blog
Prom Dresses
Homecoming Dresses
Shop by Style
Ball Gowns
Casual
Cocktail | Short Dresses
Dresses Under $100
Evening Gowns | Long Dresses
Hi-Lo Dresses
Jumpsuits | Rompers
Little Black Dresses
Mermaid Dresses
One Shoulder Dresses
Plus Size Dresses
Print Dresses
Tops
Two Piece Dresses
Shop by Event
The Holiday Shop
Holiday Dresses
Bat Mitzvah Dresses
Bridal Dresses
Bridesmaid Dresses
Graduation Dresses
Homecoming Dresses
Mother of the Bride Dresses
Pageant Dresses
Prom Dresses
Quinceanera Dresses
Quinceanera Court | Damas Dresses
Sweet 16 Dresses
Wedding Guest Dresses
Designers
Abby Paris by Lucci Lu
Alisha Hill
Alyce Paris
Amarra
Blush
Cecilia Couture
Christina Wu Elegance
Colette for Mon Cheri
Damas
Dancing Queen
Dave and Johnny
Ellie Wilde
Faviana
Fiesta Gowns by House of Wu
Intrigue by Blush
Jovani
JVN by Jovani
La Femme
Love Stella
Lucci Lu
Mori Lee by Madeline Gardner
Panoply
Primavera Couture
Rachel Allan
Scala
Sherri Hill
Studio 17
Tiffany
Shoes
All Shoes
Flats
Heels
Accessories
Evening Bags
Jewelry & Accessories
Sale
CYBER WEEK DEALS
Sale Dresses
Sale Shoes
Privacy Policy
Effective 10/27/2016 for today
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
The Information We Collect:
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the https://rissyroos.com website. On some pages, you can order products, make requests, and register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages are: Name Address
Email address Phone number Credit/Debit Card Information (etc.)
The Way We Use Information:
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We use the information you provide about someone else when placing an order only to ship the product and to confirm delivery. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
You can register with our website if you would like to receive our catalog as well as updates on our new products and services. Information you submit on our website will not be used for this purpose unless you fill out the registration form.
We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website and to share with advertisers. For example, we may tell an advertiser that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our website, or that Y number of men and Z number of women filled out our registration form, but we would not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual by collecting information, such as your IP address and website activity. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. Additionally, the data may be used by third parties to target advertising on other sites based on your online activity.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website. Additionally, users can opt out of receiving targeted advertising by visiting this link to the DAA opt-out site http://www.aboutads.info/.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Our Commitment To Children's Privacy:
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information
You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by the provided online tools to do so. We use this procedure to better safeguard your information.
You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error.
To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please email us at info@rissyroos.com.
Latest Testimonials
I got this dress for homecoming and I love it! The back is adjustable, which is a huge... View more
Sarah V
October 17, 2020
OMG, I was so excited. The dress could not have been any better. So many complements. I was a very happy mother of the... View more
Debra R.
February 25, 2020
Beautiful dresses, delivered quickly and easy to exchange. Customer service professionals were caring, very helpful and responded to email questions... View more
Alisa Jones
February 25, 2020
Information
testimonials
get social
size charts
about us
Shipping & Return
return policy
International Shipping
Service & Support
Terms And Conditions
Contact us
Privacy Policy
Store Location
322 Tilton Rd.
Northfield, NJ 08225 Tel: 609-926-9200 Email: info@rissyroos.com
© 2020 Rissy Roo's, LLC