https://rockcreekmetalcraft.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy | Rock Creek Metal Craft
208-423-5890
customerservice@rockcreekmetalcraft.com
Newsletter Signup
My Account
Contact Us
0 Items
Home
Online Store
Aircraft Animals Bikes/Motorcycles Boats Dancers Fishing Golf Heavy Equipment Medical Music Occupations People Skiing Sports Trains Vehicles
Wholesale
Wholesale Application Wholesale Ordering
About Us
Select Page
×
Privacy Policy
Rock Creek Metal Craft respects your privacy. We may store some personally identifiable information about you as part of your account record including but not limited to your name, address, phone number, email address, order history, or other information, but we do not and will not ever sell your personal information to any third party, especially for the purpose of unsolicited marketing. Unless otherwise required by law, we will also never release your information or make it available to any other outside entity for any purpose.
We may use your personal information to contact you PERIODICALLY with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that you may find beneficial in your relationship with Rock Creek Metal Craft, however, as stated earlier, we will never release your information or make it available to any other outside entity for any purpose unless otherwise required by law.
This Privacy Policy is effective as of May 20, 2020 and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page.  We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the Service after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.  If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you either through the email address you have provided us, or by placing a prominent notice on our website.
One of a Kind Works of Art
They say one person’s junk is another person’s treasure. That is an understatement when it comes to our welders and their ability to take a piece of junk and create a unique, one of a kind work of art! Each of these pieces are original works by our very own welders. The time, precision, creativity and patience that goes into each piece is reflected in the finished product. The metal art that is created by our welders are built to last forever and make perfect gifts. For those interested in steampunk style metal art, many of these pieces would fit into that genre of art. In this section, you will see a vintage sewing machine converted into a tractor. Old bicycle chains forming the frame of a guitar. Pipe wrenches serving as the rail on a dragster. If you are looking for a unique conversation starter, a distinctive decoration or an eccentric gift, consider one of these individual creations.
The dimensions are included in each description and shipping is included in the price.
See All
Contact Info Please call us at 208-423-5890 or use our online form to email us…
Hours: 9 a.m.-3 p.m. Mon-Fri
Rock Creek Metal Craft
3198 N 3800 E
Hansen, ID 83334
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Return Policy
Shipping
Rock Creek Metal Craft Online Store
Facebook
RSS
© Copyright rock Creek Metal Craft
Boss Day Coupon 2020
Welcome to Rock Creek Metal Craft!  Thanks for visiting!  We have a Coupon Code we are sharing for Bosses Day this year.  Please see below for how to get up to 15% off your purchase today!
As always, we offer Free Same Day Shipping, so there is still plenty of time to get that perfect gift!
1 Coupon Code
BOSS – 15% off EVERYTHING!
*Click to copy code to the clipboard for pasting into coupon field
To apply coupon codes, simply type them in the “coupon code” box in the cart and click “apply coupon” – Discount is before tax and shipping.
X
Newsletter Signup
Notify me about related content and special offers.
Yes
No
If you opt in above we use this information send related content, discounts and other special offers.
Subscribe
×
Cart
Item Removed.
Undo
No products in the cart.
Checkout
-
$0.00
0
1