https://rockaway.com.au/terms
FACEBOOK
INSTAGRAM
+61 7 3395 4707
My Account
Register
Login
Wish List (0)
Shopping Cart
Checkout
Categories
Vinyl
Gift Vouchers
Collectables
All Collectables
Pop! Vinyl Collectables
Beatles Collectables
Beatles PDF
Star Wars Collectables
Pop Culture
All Pop Culture
Pop! Vinyl
PreOrder
Marvel
DC Comics
Star Wars
Harry Potter
Horror
Audio
All Audio Accessories
Turntables
Speakers
Record Sleeves
Storage & Cleaning
Stylus
Guitar Accessories
CD/DVD
All CDs
All DVDs
Sell/Trade
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
In order to use www.rockaway.com.au you must read and agree to our Terms & Conditions. They are for your protection and outline our obligations to you, the client. If you remain in any way uncertain, please call our office on 07 3395 4707 or send us an email at sales@rockaway.com.auThis Web site is owned and operated by www.rockaway.com.au (ABN 70 055 603 766), trading as Rockaway Records.The following Terms and Conditions govern the use of Rockaway Records Web site ("Site"), the materials and information contained therein and related services made available to you via this Site. If you do not agree to these Terms and Conditions, please do not visit or use the Site.General DisclaimerRockaway Records, its representatives and associated agents are not liable to you or any other for any loss in connection with the use of this Site or a Linked Web Site.This general disclaimer is not restricted or modified by any of the following specific warnings and disclaimers.Exclusion of Liability and Overall DisclaimerThe materials and information provided on this Site and related communications are provided on and "as is" basis. Rockaway Records assumes no responsibility for, and makes no representations to you or any other person with respect to the accuracy of the information on this Site. Any reference to products or services on this Site is for information purposes only and does not constitute an endorsement or a recommendation of those products or services by Rockaway Records. Subject to any non-excludable provisions in the Trade Practices Act, 1974 (Australia), Rockaway Records expressly disclaims any implied or express warranties or conditions of any kind, including warranties of merchantable quality, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property rights relating to information or materials accessible from or on this Site. Rockaway Records shall not be liable to you for any damages whatsoever including, but without limitation, special, indirect, consequential or incidental damages, and including, but without limitation, damages resulting from use of or reliance on the materials or information presented on this Site, loss of profits or revenues, business interruption, loss of programs or other data on your information systems or costs of replacement goods, or otherwise, even if Rockaway Records is expressly advised of the possibility of such loss or damages.The Terms and Conditions are effective until terminated by Rockaway Records and Rockaway Records may terminate this agreement and your access to the Site at any time without notice. In the event of termination you are no longer authorised to access the Site, but all restrictions imposed on you and all disclaimers and limitations of liability set out in the Terms and Conditions will survive.Your ActivityYou use this site at your sole risk. You agree that you will be personally responsible for your use of this site and for all of your communication and activity on this site. We reserve the right to deny you access to this Site, or any part of this Site, at any time without notice. If we determine, in our sole discretion, that you engaged in prohibited activities, were not respectful of other users, or otherwise violated the Terms of Service, we may deny you access to this Site on a temporary or permanent basis and any decision to do so is final.Links and Third Party Representation on this SiteRockaway Records makes no representations or warranties about any other Web site which you may access through this Site ("Other Web site"). When you access an Other Web site, that Other Web site is independent from this Site, and Rockaway Records has no control over the content on that Other Web site. Any link to an Other Web site is provided as a convenience to users of this Site. Other Web sites are not under the control of Rockaway Records, and Rockaway Records is not responsible for the accuracy of any information on any Other Web site. Rockaway Records does not monitor or review the content of any Other Web site.You must take your own precautions to ensure that any Other Web site that you access by link from this Site is free from viruses, worms, trojan horses and other material of a destructive nature.Information and Images in Relation to ProductInformation and images referred to in this site has been provided by the respective manufacturers of the relevant products. Product information and illustrations are published with the permission of the relevant manufacturers and/or owners of that product.Images are representative only and copyright to the owners. Whilst the product information has been carefully checked, its accuracy cannot be guaranteed.Governing LawThese Terms and Conditions are governed by the laws in force in Queensland, Australia and you irrevocably and unconditionally submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Queensland, Australia and any courts, which may hear appeals from those courts.Nothing contained in these Terms and Conditions derogates from Rockaway Records' right to comply with law enforcement requests or requirements relating to your use of this Site or information provided to or gathered by Rockaway Records with respect to that use.In GeneralIn this Site: "Rockaway Records" means www.rockaway.com.au (ABN 70 055 603 766), trading as Rockaway Records and its subsidiaries, associates and officers unless otherwise stated. "Other Web site" means Web sites of persons or entities other than Rockaway Records, which are linked to and, from this Site. "Your Information" means any information from which your identity is apparent or can be reasonably be ascertained. "Site" means the whole or any part of the web pages located at www.rockaway.com.au (including the lay-out of this Site, individual elements of the Site design, underlying code elements of this Site, as well as text, sounds, graphics, animated elements or any other content of this Site.) "We" and "us" and “Rockaway Records” refer to Rockaway Records, and "our" has the same meaning. "Third Parties" means persons or entities represented on the Site other than Rockaway Records.Privacy at rockaway.com.auYour privacy on the Internet is of great importance to us. Like all Web sites, we gather information about the users of rockaway.com.au and we would like you to understand the terms and conditions surrounding the capture and use of this data.If you remain in any way unsure, please contact us.Privacy PolicyThis privacy statement (this "Statement") discloses the privacy practices for www.rockaway.com.au (the "Web site") - the information we gather and how we use it. This Statement only addresses the activities from our servers. Other sites (including those to which Rockaway Records site links and third party sites or services) may have their own privacy policies and practices, which we do not control.Your ResponsibilityIt is your responsibility to read and familiarise yourself with the Rockaway Records Privacy Policy. You must not use this site if you are under the age of 18 without the consent of your parent or guardian who must read and agree to the Rockaway Records Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions.You acknowledge and agree that we have the right to access and disclose your information in order to comply with applicable laws and lawful government requests, and to protect Rockaway Records or its users.General Privacy Informationwww.rockaway.com.au may contain links to partners, advertisers and third party Internet sites and services that may collect data in connection with promotions, e-commerce, etc. They each have separate privacy and data collection practices; independent of Rockaway Records. Rockaway Records has no responsibility or liability for these independent policies or actions and is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites.Please keep in mind that whenever you publicly disclose personal information on any online service or Web site - for example on message boards, through email, or in chat areas - that information can be collected and used by others. In short, if you post personal information online that is accessible to the public, you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return. While we strive to protect your personal information, www.rockaway.com.au cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us and you do so at your own risk. You are solely responsible for any account information you may chose to pass over the internet and via email. Please be careful and responsible whenever you are online. One simple way for added security is to split the required data over two emails, if you choose to forward credit card information via email, and/or write the credit card numbers in words, i.e.; four five six seven…Use of informationAll of the information www.rockaway.com.au collects, both what you tell us and what we collect through the use of cookies, is "aggregated" -- meaning that the information from many users is grouped together in a way that does not disclose the personal information of any particular user. We may use this aggregated information to evaluate which products and services are successful and which ones are not, and in order to evaluate which new products and services we should make available at www.rockaway.com.au. We may use only the anonymous click stream data.www.rockaway.com.au will not disclose any information about any individual without the individual's consent, except to comply with applicable law or valid legal process. There may be cases in which some of your personal information may be used by www.rockaway.com.au to target e-commerce promotions and telemarketing activities. In addition, it may be shared with third parties who assist www.rockaway.com.au in producing its Web sites or provide a service to www.rockaway.com.au users.We shall share your personal data with companies and organisations in order to enable us to perform credit checks and you hereby consent to us so doing. You should not send any information or material that you consider to be confidential or proprietary, to Rockaway Records or any other person, through this Site. Any information or material sent to Rockaway Records at, or through this Site, is deemed to be not confidential. You are deemed to grant to Rockaway Records an unrestricted, irrevocable licence to use, reproduce, display, perform, modify, transmit and distribute all materials or information sent by you to or through this Site. Rockaway Records is free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques that you send to Rockaway Records, for any purpose.CookiesA cookie is a small data file that certain Web sites write to your hard drive when you visit them. A cookie file can contain information such as a user ID that the site uses to track the pages you've visited. But the only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply yourself. Generally, cookies work by assigning a unique number to the user that has no meaning outside the assigning site. A cookie can't read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites. This random number lets us keep track of "how many" times customers are doing specific things - like visiting our site each month - without really knowing who those customers are. We may use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests and to save your account ID. Users should be aware that www.rockaway.com.au can not control the use of cookies or the resulting information by advertisers or third parties hosting data for rockaway.com.au. If a user does not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows the user to deny or accept the cookie feature; however, users should note that cookies are necessary to operate our shopping cart and may be necessary to provide the user with certain features (e.g., customised delivery of information) available on the www.rockaway.com.au web site.Contacting the Web siteIf you have any questions about this Statement, the practices of www.rockaway.com.au with respect to personal information or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact us at sales@rockaway.com.au or telephone 07 3395 4707.CopyrightYou must comply with all proprietary and copyright notices on this site. This Web site is owned by Rockaway Records and its associates, and subject to copyright. The information on this Site is protected under Australian copyright laws. Subject to provisions of the Copyright Act 1968 (Australia), you must not in any form or by any means: (a) copy, adapt, reproduce, broadcast, store, transmit, distribute, print, publish or create derivative works from any information or material on this Site; (b) alter, de-compile, disassemble, reverse engineer or modify any material or information that you receive from this Site which can be accessed through this Site; or (c) use or apply, for commercial purposes any material or information on this Site, without the prior written consent of Rockaway Records.Any software which you down load from this Site is governed exclusively by the licence terms accompanying the file or the terms of the licence agreement which accompanied the original product licensed by you which you are updating, and by down loading such software you agree to abide the terms of the licence. You must not reproduce or redistribute any software otherwise than in accordance with the relevant software licence.All trademarks, brands and names appearing on this site are the property of their respective owners.Nothing contained on this Site should be construed as granting any licence or right of use of any trademark or part of any trademark displayed on the Site without the express written permission of Rockaway Records or third party owner.All third party trademarks mentioned or displayed on this Site are the property of their respective owners.