http://rogerschocolates.com/policies/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Customer Service: 1-800-663-2220
Search >
(0)
Our Collections
Sort By
Price
Under $10
$10 - $20
$20-$30
$30-$50
Over $50
Type
Truffles
Creams
Caramels
Brittles & Squares
Milk Chocolate
Dark Chocolate
White Chocolate
Mixed Assortments
Christmas
Festive Tins
All Christmas
Advent Calendars
Holiday Gifting Savings Program
Victoria Creams & Squares
ALL
Victoria Creams
Empress Squares
Almond Brittles
Build A Box
Nutritional & Ingredients
Boxed Assortments
All
Milk & Dark Chocolate
Dark Chocolate
Milk Chocolate
Canadian Art Tins
All
Small Art Tins
Medium Art Tins
Large Art Tins
Sleeves
All
Caramels
Happy Hour
Squares
Snackable Little Things
All
Nuts
Fruit
Barks
Nutcorn & Pretzels
Taste From Canada
Seasonal
Halloween
Thanksgiving and Fall Favourites
Chocolate Bars
ALL
Gourmet
Milk Chocolate
Dark Chocolate
White Chocolate
Taste from Canada
Rogers' Logo Bars
Specialty Bars
Specialty Items
ALL
Maple
No Sugar Added
Gift Collections
Baking and Fondue Wafers
Truffle Drops
Any Occasion
Volume Discounts
Corporate Programs
"Thank You" Gifts
Wedding Favours
Rogers' Kitchen
Our Story
Our History
Charles And Leah Rogers
Our Heritage Store
Our Expertise
Our Chocolatier
Community Involvement
Fair Trade Certified
Chocolate Care
FAQ
Contact Us
Customer Service
Create an Account
Our Stores
Victoria and Surrounding Area
Vancouver and Surrounding Area
Whistler
Where Else To Buy
Newsletter Request
Retail Catalogue Request
Donation Request
Login
Cart
(0)
Total $0.00
Go To Cart
Close Window
Title
Quantity: 1
Price: $0.00
Remove Item
Privacy Policy Rogers' Chocolates Privacy Policy has been developed as an extension of our commitment to combine the finest quality products and services with the highest level of integrity in dealing with our customers. The Policy guides how we collect, store and use information about customers and prospects, and it will be continuously assessed against new technologies, business practices and our customers' changing needs.
Questions and comments? Rogers' Chocolates Ltd. Privacy Policy has been developed out of respect for the privacy preferences and choices of our customers. We have established procedures to ensure that every reasonable effort is made to address your concerns.
Our Policy recognizes that Personal Data deserves protection. Personal Data includes, for example, e-mail addresses, billing information, delivery addresses, gift recipient names and addresses, and "click stream" data that tracks visitor activity on our Web site and on-line service.
OUR POLICY PROVIDES THE FOLLOWING
1. Notice. Where not clearly a part of an on-line transaction, we will inform you about why we are collecting Personal Data and how we intend to use it. For instance, we need to collect and store your name, address, and other basic Personal Data, to provide you with the product or service you requested, as well as for billing purposes. 2. Prior Approval. From time to time, we are approached by companies and organizations that have a product or service that they believe may be of interest to you. Rogers' Chocolates will never share your Personal Data with any Company, individual or organization that is not affiliated with Rogers' Chocolates without first obtaining your approval to do so.
3. Security. We will maintain appropriate safeguards to ensure the security, integrity and privacy of your Personal Data and your gift list recipients' data on our premises. 4. Review and Correction. We are continuing to enhance our procedures to enable you to review and correct, upon request, the Personal Information we collect from you. Currently, we require that you make such a request in a manner that can be verified.
The first Rogers' chocolates were made in 1885 by Charles "Candy" Rogers in the back of his grocery store in Victoria, B.C. He quickly became a popular man. In 1891, Rogers expanded his chocolate operation to the company's current heritage storefront on Government Street in Victoria and the rest, as they say, is history.
Learn More
Visit Us on Facebook
Privacy Policy
Worldwide Shipping
Careers
Terms & Conditions
Wholesale
© Copyright Rogers' Chocolates Inc. 2019 | Website design by Eclipse360
Back to top
Free Shipping in Canada on Deliveries $85+ See Details Here