http://rogerschocolates.com/policies/terms-and-conditions
Terms & Conditions
Customer Service: 1-800-663-2220
Search >
(0)
Our Collections
Sort By
Price
Under $10
$10 - $20
$20-$30
$30-$50
Over $50
Type
Truffles
Creams
Caramels
Brittles & Squares
Milk Chocolate
Dark Chocolate
White Chocolate
Mixed Assortments
Christmas
Festive Tins
All Christmas
Advent Calendars
Holiday Gifting Savings Program
Victoria Creams & Squares
ALL
Victoria Creams
Empress Squares
Almond Brittles
Build A Box
Nutritional & Ingredients
Boxed Assortments
All
Milk & Dark Chocolate
Dark Chocolate
Milk Chocolate
Canadian Art Tins
All
Small Art Tins
Medium Art Tins
Large Art Tins
Sleeves
All
Caramels
Happy Hour
Squares
Snackable Little Things
All
Nuts
Fruit
Barks
Nutcorn & Pretzels
Taste From Canada
Seasonal
Halloween
Thanksgiving and Fall Favourites
Chocolate Bars
ALL
Gourmet
Milk Chocolate
Dark Chocolate
White Chocolate
Taste from Canada
Rogers' Logo Bars
Specialty Bars
Specialty Items
ALL
Maple
No Sugar Added
Gift Collections
Baking and Fondue Wafers
Truffle Drops
Any Occasion
Volume Discounts
Corporate Programs
"Thank You" Gifts
Wedding Favours
Rogers' Kitchen
Our Story
Our History
Charles And Leah Rogers
Our Heritage Store
Our Expertise
Our Chocolatier
Community Involvement
Fair Trade Certified
Chocolate Care
FAQ
Contact Us
Customer Service
Create an Account
Our Stores
Victoria and Surrounding Area
Vancouver and Surrounding Area
Whistler
Where Else To Buy
Newsletter Request
Retail Catalogue Request
Donation Request
Login
Cart
(0)
Total $0.00
Go To Cart
Close Window
Title
Quantity: 1
Price: $0.00
Remove Item
Terms & Conditions
These terms and conditions (the "Terms") govern your use of this website (the "Site"). Please read these Terms carefully. By using this Site you acknowledge that you have read, understood and agree to be bound by these Terms. Do not use (or continue to use) the Site if you do not agree to the Terms. Questions and comments? Rogers' Chocolates Ltd. Terms and Conditions have been developed out of respect for the privacy preferences and choices of our customers. We have established procedures to ensure that every reasonable effort is made to address your concerns. If you have questions or comments about our Terms and Conditions, please send them to us directly.
Information about us Personal information which you submit will be held and processed by Rogers’ Chocolates in accordance with our privacy policy. Please click here to see this. All orders and purchases made via the Site will be governed by these Terms and by our Terms and Conditions of Sale. This Site and the information on this Site may be changed or updated without notice. Rogers’ Chocolates may revise these Terms and any other legal notice on the Site (including the privacy policy). All changes will be effective when posted on the Site. Therefore you should check this Site from time to time to review these Terms and other legal notices, because they are binding on you. Accessing our Site Access to our Site is provided on a temporary basis, and we reserve the right to withdraw or amend the service on our Site without notice (see "Site Availability" below). We will not be liable if for any reason our Site is unavailable at any time or for any period. In order to access the e-shop on the Site, you will be required to register certain details with the Site. Where this is the case, you agree to provide true, accurate, current and complete information as prompted by the Site's registration form and to maintain and promptly update such information to keep it true, accurate, current and complete. From time to time, we may restrict access to some parts of our Site or to our entire Site, to users who have registered with us. Upon registration, you will receive an account designation and a password. You must keep this password confidential and must not disclose it or share it with anyone. You will be responsible for all activities and orders that occur or are submitted under your password. If you know or suspect that someone else knows your password you should notify us immediately by contacting us. If Rogers’ Chocolates has reason to believe that there is likely to be a breach of security or misuse of the Site, we may require you to change your password or we may suspend your account (see below). Site availability While Rogers’ Chocolates endeavours to ensure that the Site is available 24 hours a day, Rogers’ Chocolates shall not be liable if for any reason the Site is unavailable at any time or for any period. Access to this Site may be suspended temporarily and without notice in the case of system failure, maintenance or repair or for reasons beyond Rogers' Chocolates control. Your access to the Site, your ability to participate in all or certain parts of the Site and/or your registration may be terminated by Rogers’ Chocolates at any time without notice and without any liability. Any limitations on Rogers’ Chocolates liability will survive such termination.
Interactive Services Rogers' Chocolates may provide interactive services on the Site, including, chat rooms, bulletin boards and blogging facilities. When you use an interactive service on the Site that allows you to upload material to the Site or to make contact with other Site users, you must comply with the Content Standards (set out below). You warrant that any such contribution made by you complies with those standards and you indemnify Rogers' Chocolates for any breach of this warranty. Any material you upload or contribute to our Site will not be considered confidential. Rogers' Chocolates will have the right to use, copy, distribute and disclose to third parties any such material for any purpose. Rogers' Chocolates also has the right to disclose your identity to any third party who is claiming that material posted or uploaded by you to the Site constitutes a violation of their intellectual property. Rogers' Chocolates will not be responsible or liable to any third party for the content or accuracy of any materials posted by you or any other users of this Site. Rogers' Chocolates has the right to remove any material or posting you contribute to the Site.
Your contributions must not:
contain any material which is defamatory of any person; contain any material which is obscene, offensive, hateful or inflammatory; promote sexually explicit material; promote violence; promote discrimination based on race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation or age; infringe any copyright, database right or trade mark of any other person; be likely to deceive any person; be made in breach of any legal duty owed to a third party, such as a contractual duty or a duty of confidence; promote any illegal activity; be threatening, abuse or invade another’s privacy, or cause annoyance, inconvenience or needless anxiety; be likely to harass, upset, embarrass, alarm or annoy any other person; be used to impersonate any person, or to misrepresent your identity or affiliation with any person; give the impression that they emanate from us, if this is not the case; and advocate, promote or assist any unlawful act such as (by way of example only) copyright infringement or computer misuse. When a breach of these content standards has occurred, Rogers’ Chocolates may take such action as it deems appropriate, including immediate, temporary or permanent withdrawal of your right to use our Site, the removal of postings or uploaded material and legal proceedings against you for reimbursement of all Rogers’ Chocolates costs resulting from your breach.
Site use You may use the Site for lawful purposes only. You may not use the Site:-
in any way that breaches any applicable local, national or international law or regulation; in any way that infringes the rights of any other person; in any way that is unlawful or fraudulent, or has any unlawful or fraudulent purpose or effect; to transmit any unsolicited or unauthorised advertising or promotional material or any other form of similar solicitation (spam); and to knowingly transmit any data, send or upload any material that contains viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time-bombs, keystroke loggers, spyware, adware or any other harmful programs or similar computer code designed to adversely affect the operation of any computer software or hardware.
Content Standards These content standards apply to any and all material which you contribute to the Site and to any interactive services associated with it. Your contributions must:
be accurate (where they state facts); be genuinely held (where they state opinions); and comply with the applicable law of the country from which they are posted.
Linking to the Site You may link to our Site provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage Rogers’ Chocolates reputation or take advantage of it, but you must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement from Rogers’ Chocolates. Rogers’ Chocolates reserves the right to withdraw linking permission without notice. The website you are linking to must comply with the content standards (set out above). Links from the Site Rogers’ Chocolates is not responsible for the contents of any website operated by a third party which may be accessed via this Site, and Rogers’ Chocolates does not accept any obligation, gives no assurance, and assumes no liability or responsibility (whether express or implied) in relation to any content on any other website. All links on this Site are provided for your convenience only and do not imply that Rogers’ Chocolates approves or recommends the content of such websites. Intellectual Property The Rogers’ Chocolates name, logo, corporate symbols and trade marks are the sole property of Rogers’ Chocolates and/or its Parent, and no permission is given in respect of their use. The Site and its contents are protected by EU and international copyright laws and other intellectual property rights. Unless otherwise indicated as between Rogers’ Chocolates and the user of the Site, Rogers’ Chocolates and/or its Parent is the owner of the copyright and all other intellectual property rights in the Site and its contents. Save as set out below, no part of the Site may be reproduced, modified, copied or used for any commercial purpose without the prior written permission of Rogers’ Chocolates. You may retrieve and display the content of the Site on a computer screen, or print one copy of such content (including the Terms and Conditions of Sale, the Privacy Policy and any order confirmation) for your own personal use, provided you keep intact all and any copyright and proprietary notices. Use of the content otherwise than in accordance with these Terms will expose you to claims for infringement of our intellectual property rights of the Rogers’ Chocolates Group and/or of third parties. Liability The Site is provided without any warranties or guarantees. To the extent permissible by any applicable law, Rogers’ Chocolates, its associated companies and their officers, directors, employees, shareholders or agents of any of them, exclude all liability and responsibility for loss or damage of whatever nature (including but not limited to loss of profits or anticipated savings or wasted expenditure) arising from or in connection with your access to or use of this Site, or reliance on the Site, regardless of whether such loss or damage would arise in the ordinary course of events or otherwise, is reasonably foreseeable or otherwise, or is caused by any error or omission in the Site (whether negligent or not), except that nothing affects any liability of Rogers’ Chocolates, its associated companies and their officers, directors, employees, shareholders or agents of any of them for death or injury caused by their negligence or any other liability which may not be excluded or limited by law. Whilst Rogers’ Chocolates makes reasonable attempts to exclude viruses or other destructive computer codes from the Site, it does not accept any obligation, gives no assurance and assumes no liability or responsibility (whether express or implied) in relation to viruses or such computer code. You should take all appropriate safeguards before using the Site or downloading from the Site. Nothing in this paragraph "Liability" applies to Rogers’ Chocolates liability for goods purchased through the Site, which is governed by to our Terms and Conditions of Sale. Governing Law The Terms and your use of this Site shall be governed by British Columbia law. By using the Site and accepting the Terms you submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts at the seat of Rogers’ Chocolates save that Rogers’ Chocolates may take action in any appropriate jurisdiction to protect its intellectual property rights or to recover any amount owed to Rogers’ Chocolates. General If any provision of the Terms is deemed unlawful, void or for any other reason unenforceable then that provision shall be deemed severed from the Terms and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. Rogers’ Chocolates failure to exercise or enforce any rights or any provision of the Terms will not constitute a waiver of such right or provision unless acknowledged and agreed to by Rogers’ Chocolates in writing. The section titles in the Terms are for convenience only, and have no legal or contractual effect.
The first Rogers' chocolates were made in 1885 by Charles "Candy" Rogers in the back of his grocery store in Victoria, B.C. He quickly became a popular man. In 1891, Rogers expanded his chocolate operation to the company's current heritage storefront on Government Street in Victoria and the rest, as they say, is history.
Learn More
Visit Us on Facebook
Privacy Policy
Worldwide Shipping
Careers
Terms & Conditions
Wholesale
© Copyright Rogers' Chocolates Inc. 2019 | Website design by Eclipse360
Back to top
Free Shipping in Canada on Deliveries $85+ See Details Here