http://rossnickerson.com/privacy-policy/
Browse:HomeCopyright and Privacy Policy Page
Privacy Policy
We respect and protect the privacy of the individuals who use rossnickerson.com (“the Site”).
We will never disclose any information collected by the Site to any third party except as required by a valid legal process such as a search warrant, subpoena, statute, or court order (“Legal Process”).  Information collected through your use of the Site is for the sole purpose of facilitating or improving our business relationship with you.
In order to conduct business with you, we may provide information to a bank, credit card processor, or other entity necessary to the successful completion of a transaction.  Information collected in the course of the transaction will only be provided to a third party when you have knowingly and willingly entered into a business transaction through the Site.
The Site and Cookies
The Site may send cookies to your computer. A cookie is a piece of data that identifies you as a unique user or controls certain aspects of the operation of the Site. We will never disclose cookies to third parties except as required by a Legal Process.
Most browsers allow you to control how cookies are handled and are initially set up to accept cookies. Your browser may allow you to refuse all cookies or to alert you when a cookie is being sent. Please be aware that some parts of the Site may not function properly if you refuse cookies.
What Information Do We Collect?
We do not collect any unique information about you (such as your name, email address, etc.) except when you specifically and knowingly provide such information. We may note and save technical information such as time of day, browser type, browser language, etc. We use this information to assure proper operation of the site and to statistically track its usage.
Do We Share Information?
We do not share or sell information about you with any third party without your express consent. Please be aware, however, that we will release specific personal information about you if required to do so in order to comply with a Legal Process.
If our Site or business is sold to another party, some or all of the assets of the business operation, which may include  information we have collected in the conduct of that business, will be passed on to the new owner.  We will make every effort to have the new owner comply with our policies regarding the use of such information, but we cannot guarantee such compliance.
Links to Other Sites
From time to time, we may place links on the Site.  Links are a convenience that allow you to navigate to another site on the World Wide Web (“External Site”) simply by clicking the link. We exercise no control over the External Site displayed as a result of clicking such a link and we are not responsible for the behavior or content of External Sites.
Our Privacy Policy does not extend to External Sites.  Please consult the privacy policies of External Sites for details.
If there is any problem with a link to an External Site, please notify us.
Upcoming Events November 2015
African Safari & Banjo Workshop
Videos / Playlist Menu on upper left
Ross Nickerson Instruction
Buy Instructional Books / CD's / DVD's
Reviews "Ross, Just wanted to say thank you soooo much for putting out incredible material.
My mother is the retired music teacher that you have talked to lately, we both have just picked up the banjo. I have been playing trombone for about 27 years now and am 6 hours away from my masters in performance.
Let me just say that your material is OUTSTANDING!
It truly does feel like you are there with us to guide us along.
This has been so much fun to learn and I would really like to thank you for such wonderful material and for your great talent on this instrument.
Thanks again and have a GREAT day!"
- Mike Montgomery