https://roverpet.com/privacy-policy/
ALL PRODUCTS
Support
Parts/Accessories
Order & Shipping Info
Privacy
My Account
0 Items
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy & Security Information
Data Security
Commitment to Data Security
Your personally identifiable information is kept secure. Only authorized employees, agents and contractors of Rover Company, (who have agreed to keep information secure and confidential) have access to this information.
When you place orders for purchased products or access your payment information, Rover Company uses an advanced encryption known as Secure Socket Layering (SSL) to protect the storage and transfer of your data from unauthorized parties. On a secure page, such as our checkout form, a lock or key icon appears on the address bar of your web browser, or at the bottom of your web browser. You will also see a URL, or web address, that begins with “https://”.
In addition to our online security efforts we take reasonable steps to protect your personal data offline as well. Rover Company’s main servers are operated by a dedicated internet hosting facility with state of the art physical security features, including smoke detection and fire systems, motion sensors, and 24×7 secured access, as well as video camera surveillance and security breach.
Secure Socket Layer (SSL Certificate)
Rover Company.com works hard to ensure the security of our customer information, and uses a top quality SSL Certificate. An SSL Certificate is an ideal way of securing a web server, intranet, extranet and web site.
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy tells you how Rover Company uses personal information collected at this site. Please read this privacy policy before using the site or submitting any personal information.By using the site, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy. These practices may be changed, but any changes will be posted and changes will only apply to activities and information on a going forward, not retroactive basis. You are encouraged to review the privacy policy whenever you visit the Rover Company site to make sure that you understand how any personal information you provide will be used.
Note: The privacy practices set forth in this privacy policy are for the Rover Company web site only. If you follow a link to other web sites, please review the privacy policies posted at those sites.
Collection of Information
Rover Company collects personally identifiable information, like names, postal addresses, email addresses, etc., when voluntarily submitted by our visitors. The information you provide is used to fulfill you specific request/order. This information is only used to fulfill your specific request, unless you give Rover Company permission to use it in another manner, for example to add you to one of our mailing lists or for special promotions.
If you elect to purchase a product from the Rover Company web site, you will be required to provide us with certain personal information, including your name, email address, credit card number, expiration date, and billing address (this required information is subject to change from time to time). There may be opportunities for you to provide us with additional information, however, it is not required and is completely optional. Additional data collected from you based upon certain services you elect to utilize on our web site, email addresses for example, maybe used to store and send greeting cards. By obtaining this information, we provide our members with specific content and advertising in which they may be interested. None of this information is required to use our service or to become a user; however, the omission of certain data will limit the value of your use of these features.
Cookie/Tracking Technology
The Rover Company web site may use cookie and tracking technology depending on the features offered. Cookie and tracking technology are useful for gathering information such as browser type and operating system, tracking the number of visitors to the site, and understanding how visitors use the site. Cookies can also help customize the site for visitors. Personal information cannot be collected via cookies and other tracking technology, however, if you previously provided personally identifiable information, cookies may be tied to such information. Aggregate cookie and tracking information may be shared with third parties.
Distribution of Information
Rover Company may share information with government agencies or other companies assisting us in fraud prevention or investigation. We may do so when: (1) permitted or required by law; or, (2) trying to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud or unauthorized transactions; or (3) investigating fraud which has already taken place. The information is not provided to these companies for marketing purposes.
Use of Your Personal Information
If you have provided Rover Company your consent via opt-in subscription, we may use the information we have collected about you in the following ways:
To send personalized, targeted information that we think our users will find relevant, either from Rover Company or its Business Partners
To support any of your requests like order processing
To send promotions and coupons based on user interests
To contact the user for feedback and surveys
To send the user other information about Rover Company or its business partners. These communications may include but are not limited to email and postal mail.
Privacy Contact Information
If you have any questions, concerns, or comments about Rover Company’s privacy policy you may contact us using the information below:By email: sales (at) RoverPet.com By Phone: 1-800-658-5925We reserve the right to make changes to this policy. Any changes to this policy will be posted.
Children’s Privacy
Rover Company is strongly committed to protecting the safety and privacy of children who visit our websites. We do not knowingly collect information online from children under the age of 13 and have adopted techniques to age-screen users on our teen-oriented websites to ensure compliance with this privacy policy and the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA). COPPA and its accompanying agencies under United States Federal Law protect the privacy of children using the Internet. The Rover Company website includes content that we believe to be unsuitable for children under the age of 13 and which are not necessarily monitored. Rover Company encourages all parents to talk to their children about safety and to monitor their children’s use of the Internet.
Product Search:× Cart About Us
Roverpet is dedicated to providing the most comfortable, safe, and well-designed indoor & outdoor pet products available worldwide.