https://ruffwear.com/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
U.S. • EN • &dollar USD
U.K. • EN • £ GBP
GER • DE • € EUR
GER • EN • € EUR
GER • FR • € EUR
FRA • FR • € EUR
FRA • EN • € EUR
FRA • DE • € EUR
Blog
Store Locator
Contact Us
Log in
Shop
Gear
Harnesses
Leashes
Collars
Apparel
Life Jackets
Boots
Packs
Bowls
Safety
Beds
Toys
Human
Gift Cards
Collections
Limited Editions
New Gear
Winter Dog Gear
Summer Dog Gear
Cooling Gear For Dogs
The Artist Series
The Front Range
Travel Gear
Human Gear
Working Dogs
Specials
Tails
#MyDogIsMy
Our Stories
Our Ambassadors
About
Our Path
Our Pack
Design Philosophy
Our Practices
Partners
Working Dogs
U.S. • EN • &dollar USD
U.K. • EN • £ GBP
GER • DE • € EUR
GER • EN • € EUR
GER • FR • € EUR
FRA • FR • € EUR
FRA • EN • € EUR
FRA • DE • € EUR
Close
Shop early to make sure your gear arrives in time for holiday tail wags.
Close
Privacy Policy
Ruffwear believes in protecting the privacy of our customers. This privacy policy (this “Privacy Policy”) describes the personal information we collect about you, why we collect it, how we use it, and when we share it with third parties. Our policy also describes the choices you can make about how we collect and use your information through a variety of digital means. By accessing or using this website, mobile application or other Ruffwear products or services (collectively, “Ruffwear Services”) on any computer, mobile phone, tablet, console or other device, you consent to our Privacy Policy.
By using Ruffwear Services, you consent to the practices described in the current version of this Privacy Policy. If our information practices change, we will post an updated policy on our website. Changes will take effect immediately upon being posted on the Ruffwear website. Your continued use of Ruffwear Services constitutes your acceptance of this Privacy Policy and any updates. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into, and is subject to, the Ruffwear Terms of Use. If you have any questions or concerns about the privacy or security of your information, you may contact us. You may exercise your choices about how we collect and use your information consistent with this Privacy Policy at any time.
Information We Collect
We may collect and store any identifiable information that you choose to provide in connection with your use of Ruffwear Services. This may include personally identifiable information (such as your name, your dog’s information, shipping address, billing address, email address, phone number and credit card number) that we need in order to process your orders, communicate with you, or provide you with services that you request.
We may automatically collect non-personally identifiable information about your hardware devices (i.e., your computer or mobile device) when you use the Ruffwear Services. For example, when you visit Ruffwear.com, we may collect your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, which is the number automatically assigned to your computer or mobile device whenever you access the Internet, as well as information about the type of Web browser software you use and the referring website. This number does not identify your name, email address, or other personal information. We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our service and to administer our website.
We also collect non-personally identifiable information through the use of cookies. Cookies are small data files that are stored on your computer when you visit a website. Cookies enable you to shop on our website and may be used in a variety of ways to enhance or personalize your online browsing and shopping experience. We use them in order to remember the items in your shopping cart, store your preferences, recognize you when you return to our website, track your orders, and monitor and maintain information about your use of our website. You can choose if you want to opt-out of cookies or not. You may decline to accept cookies by modifying your Web browser settings.
Ruffwear, its advertisers and ad servers, including without limitation Google and AvantLink, may also use cookies, as well as files called “Web beacons” or “clear gifs” to determine on an anonymous basis which advertisements and promotions our users have seen and how users responded to them. However, we do not use these technologies to collect personally identifiable information.
How We Use Information About You
We use your shipping address to ship your products to you and to send catalogs and other mailings to you. We use your billing address, if different than your shipping address, to verify your billing information. Financial information that is collected is used to bill you for products that you request. You may opt-out of receiving future mailings (see “How to remove your name from our mailing, sharing or email list” below).
If you sign up for email or if you provide your email address to us, we will send you emails. These emails will inform you of newly released products, of special sales, of promotional offers from our partners, and of other useful product tips.
We never share our customer names or addresses, e-mail addresses or other personally identifiable information, other than to the extent described in the “Disclosures of Personal Information About You” section below. If you do not wish to receive catalogs or other mailings from us, please see the “How to remove your name from our mailing, sharing or email list” section below.
Disclosures of Personal Information About You
We may share your personal information in the following ways:
Service Providers:
We may share or transfer your information to Ruffwear service providers (“Service Providers”) to conduct our business. For example, Service Providers may handle credit card processing, shipping, data management, email distribution, market research, information analysis, and promotions management. We may also share your information to administer features such as fulfilling promotions, sending communications to our customers, conducting surveys, etc. We do not authorize any of these Service Providers to make any other use or disclosure of your information.
Certain third-party service providers have their own privacy policies in respect to the information we are required to provide to them for your purchase-related transactions. For these providers, we recommend that you read their privacy policies so you can understand the manner in which your personal information will be handled by these providers.
Once you leave our website or are redirected to a third-party website or application, you are no longer governed by this Privacy Policy or our Terms of Use.
Our Service Providers provide Ruffwear with the online e-commerce platform that allows us to sell our products and services to you. Your data is stored through our Service Provider’s data storage, databases and their general data application.
Payment:
If you choose a direct payment gateway to complete your purchase, then our Service Provider stores your credit card data. It is encrypted through the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS). Your purchase transaction data is stored only as long as is necessary to complete your purchase transaction. After that is complete, your purchase transaction information is deleted. All direct payment gateways adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of credit card information by our store and our Service Providers.
Retail Partners:
We may share your name and postal address with our reputable retail partners so they may send you catalogs about our products and other products of potential interest. We do not share credit card information or email addresses with these third parties. If you prefer that we not share your name and postal address with other companies, please see “How to Remove your Name from Our Mailing, Sharing or Email List” section below. Other than as set out above, you will have the opportunity to choose not to share your information.
How to Remove your Name from Our Mailing, Sharing or Email List
You may choose to receive or decline communications from us at the point where we request information about you. You also may use the following options for removing your information from our database so as not to receive future communications, or to no longer receive our service, or to not share your name and address with other companies.
You may send an email by clicking here.
You may call the following telephone number: 1-888-783-3932.
In commercial emails that we send you, you may use the “opt out” or “unsubscribe” option included in the footer of the email itself.
Security
To protect your personal information, we take commercially reasonable precautions and follow industry practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed. If you provide us with your credit card information, the information is encrypted using secure socket layer technology (SSL) and stored with an AES-256 encryption. Although no method of transmission over the internet or electronic storage is 100% secure, we follow all PCI-DSS requirements and implement additional generally accepted industry standards.
When you join or use certain services, you agree to publicly share a basic amount of information, which may include your username, city location, and profile picture. You may choose to share certain information. In order to participate in certain features, you may have to adjust your privacy settings and share more information. You may also choose to share your activity on other platforms, such as Facebook and Twitter. Please read the privacy policies of those platforms, because your Ruffwear activity published on those platforms will no longer be governed by this Privacy Policy.
Information that is publicly shared may be used by Ruffwear for promotional purposes.
Discretion & Disclosure
We reveal only the last four digits of your credit card number when confirming an order. Of course, we transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing.
We may disclose your personal information if we are required by law to do so or if you violate our Terms of Use.
Prudence
It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. By using our website, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your place of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your place of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this website. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer.
If you have any questions, please email Customer Service.
Close
Close
Select Your Region & Language
U.S. • English (U.S.) • &dollar USD
U.K. • English (U.K.) • £ GBP
Germany • Deutsch • € EUR
Germany • English • € EUR
Germany • Français • € EUR
France • Français • € EUR
France • English • € EUR
France • Deutsch • € EUR