https://ruggedrocksoffroad.com/privacy
$
Currency
$ Canadian
$ Mexcian Peso
$ US Dollar
Contact Us
My Account
Register
Login
Wish List (0)
Shopping Cart
Checkout
Categories
Armada
Armada 2004 - 2015
Show All Armada
Frontier
Frontier 1998 - 2004
Frontier 2005 - 2018
Show All Frontier
Hardbody
Air Intake Systems
Air Lockers
Automatic Lockers
Body Lifts
Bumpers
Bushings
Clutches
Control Arms
Headers
Heavy Duty Motor Mounts
High Output Alternators
Leaf Springs
Lift Kits
Manual Hubs
Odyssey Batteries
Performance Programmers
Ring & Pinion Gears
Shocks
Solid Axle Swaps (SAS)
Suspension Components
Torsion Bars
Transfer Cases
Transmission Mounts
Wheel Spacers
Show All Hardbody
Pathfinder
Pathfinder 1985 - 1995
Pathfinder 1996 - 2004
Pathfinder 2005 - 2012
Show All Pathfinder
Patrol
Patrol 1987 - 1997
Patrol 1997 - 2017
Patrol 2010 - 2017
Show All Patrol
Titan
Titan 2004 - 2015
Show All Titan
Xterra
Xterra 2000 - 2004
Xterra 2005 - 2015
Show All Xterra
More...
Accessories
Air Compressors
Axle Parts
Bearings
Driveshafts
Electrical
Fridges & Coolers
Fuel & Water Containers
GPS Units, Maps, Accessories
Jacks
Jump Starters
Lights
Odyssey Batteries and Chargers
Recovery Equipment
Rock Sliders
Rod Ends
Rugged Rocks Gear
Service Parts
Shocks
Snow Chains
Solid Axle Swap (SAS)
Storage
Swag
Tents
Tools
Transfer Case
Wheel Spacers
Wheels
Winches
Show All More...
SALE
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Information Collection and UseRugged Rocks, LLC is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to any outside parties. Rugged Rocks, LLC collects information from our users at several different points on our website in order to process orders and better serve you with pertinent information. Information collected includes name, shipping address, billing address, telephone numbers, e-mail address, and payment information such as credit card. Rugged Rocks, LLC also requires you to submit a user name and password of your choice for future access to your information. Your user name and password is to remain confidential and you should not share this information with anyone.RegistrationIn order to process your orders using this website, a user must first complete the registration form. During registration a user is required to give their contact information, which include name, e-mail, telephone number and physical address. This information is used to contact the user about the services on our site such as sending automated order status updates.OrderMost of the information collected in the registration process will be used to process orders. In the order process, a user must provide additional financial information such as credit card number and expiration date. This information is used for billing purposes and to fulfill customer's orders. If we have trouble processing an order, this contact information is used to get in touch with the user. We do not share your personal and financial information with any third parties. The only exception is when processing your credit card information with the merchant bank for authorization and approval. This process is protected by an enhanced security system. See Security paragraph for more details on security measures and procedures.CookiesWith respect to cookies, we use cookies to customize Web page content based on visitors browser type or other information that the visitor sends. If a user rejects the cookie, they may still use our site, however you will be unable to use our shopping cart to purchase items online. This is because cookies are used by the shopping cart to retain information necessary to process your order. If you disable cookies, we will not be able to accept your order online. We do not share any information with any third party sites. Cookies are used strictly for the purpose of enhancing your personal experience with our site.Log Files LinksThis web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware Rugged Rocks, LLC is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.Rating Products and ReviewsRugged Rocks, LLC provides a product-rating feature that allows customers to rate the quality of the product. Our review system also allows for customers to leave written comments to further elaborate their experience with the product. Rugged Rocks, LLC retains the right to screen and removed any ratings and review comments deemed to contain offensive, dangerous, or personal information. The Rugged Rocks Off Road and Communications moderator may choose to disregard or eliminate comments that do not meet the guidelines. Guidelines include that all comments are truthful and non-offensive. Guidelines do not permit the posting of personal information or information for the purpose of personal gain.All posted rating information and review comments are viewable to all customers browsing the Rugged Rocks, LLC site. This information is exclusive to the Rugged Rocks, LLC site and is not sent to any third party sites. Rugged Rocks, LLC is not responsible for the comments or actions of customers based on the information posted on the site. SecurityRugged Rocks, LLC website takes every precaution to protect our users' information. When users submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and off-line. When our registration/order form asks users to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number), that information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software in the industry - SSL. Our SSL technology is the most advanced 256bit encryption available.All of our users' information is classified and restricted. The Rugged Rocks, LLC facility itself is a secured and locked facility.If you have any questions about the security of our website, Please Contact Us.Special OffersIf you choose to receive special offers, Rugged Rocks, LLC may send you such pertinent information. Our special offers are sent only to customers who grant Rugged Rocks, LLC permission to send such information. Rugged Rocks, LLC does not share your information with third parties and does not solicit outside parties to send special offers on our behalf.Out of respect for the privacy of our users we present the option to not receive these types of communications. At the time of your order, you may opt to not receive special offers and news by un-checking the appropriate field. You can opt out of these communications at any time.Correction/Updating/Reviewing Personal InformationCustomers may change or review their recorded account information such as address or e-mail through our website athttp://ruggedrocksoffroad.com Just click on "Edit my account info."Notification of ChangesIf at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by way of an email. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.