http://rugsdoneright.com/pages/terms-of-use
X
Shop Rugs By
Promotions
Trending Now
Traditional
Home Accents
Shop What's New!
Rug Pads
Shop All Products
Terms of Use
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE.
All users of this site agree that access to and use of this site are subject to the following terms and conditions and other applicable law. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please refrain from using this site.
Copyright
The entire content included in this site, including but not limited to text, graphics or code is copyrighted as a collective work under the United States and other copyright laws, and is the property of Rugs Done Right, Inc. The collective work includes works that are licensed to Rugs Done Right, Inc. Copyright 2006, Rugs Done Right, Inc. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Permission is granted to electronically copy and print hard copy portions of this site for the sole purpose of placing an order with Rugs Done Right, Inc. or purchasing Rugs Done Right, Inc. products. You may display and, subject to any expressly stated restrictions or limitations relating to specific material, download or print portions of the material from the different areas of the site solely for your own non-commercial use, or to place an order with Rugs Done Right, Inc. or to purchase Rugs Done Right, Inc. products. Any other use, including but not limited to the reproduction, distribution, display or transmission of the content of this site is strictly prohibited, unless authorized by Rugs Done Right, Inc. You further agree not to change or delete any proprietary notices from materials downloaded from the site.
Trademarks
All trademarks, service marks and trade names of Rugs Done Right, Inc. used in the site are trademarks or registered trademarks of Rugs Done Right, Inc.
Warranty Disclaimer
This site and the materials and products on this site are provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, Rugs Done Right, Inc. disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a purpose and non-infringement. Rugs Done Right, Inc. does not represent or warrant that the functions contained in the site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that the defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes the site available are free of viruses or other harmful components. Rugs Done Right, Inc. does not make any warrantees or representations regarding the use of the materials in this site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, adequacy, usefulness, timeliness, reliability or otherwise. Some states do not permit limitations or exclusions on warranties, so the above limitations may not apply to you.
Limitation of Liability
Rugs Done Right, Inc. shall not be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials on this site or the performance of the products, even if Rugs Done Right, Inc. has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Applicable law may not allow the limitation of exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.
Typographical Errors
In the event that a Rugs Done Right, Inc. product is mistakenly listed at an incorrect price, Rugs Done Right, Inc. reserves the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. Rugs Done Right, Inc. reserves the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is cancelled, Rugs Done Right, Inc. shall issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price.
Digital Images
The digital images displayed by Rugs Done Right are delivered by the manufacturer and display the most accurate colors possible. However, due to the differences in computer monitors, we cannot be responsible for variations in color between the actual product and what is visually represented on your screen.
Term and Termination
These terms and conditions are applicable to you upon your accessing the site and/or completing the registration or shopping process. These terms and conditions, or any part of them, may be terminated by Rugs Done Right, Inc. without notice at any time, for any reason. The provisions relating to Copyrights, Trademark, Disclaimer, Limitation of Liability, Typographical Errors, Applicable Law, Digital Images, Indemnification and Miscellaneous shall survive any termination.
Notice
Rugs Done Right, Inc. may deliver notice to you by means of email, a general notice or specific communication about your order to the address you have provided to Rugs Done Right, Inc.
Applicable Law
This site is created and controlled by rugsdoneright.com in the State of Massachusetts, USA. As such, the laws of the State of Massachusetts will govern these disclaimers, terms and conditions, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of laws. We reserve the right to make changes to our site and these disclaimers, terms and conditions at any time. Any cause of action or claim you may have with respect to the site (including but not limited to the purchase of Rugs Done Right, Inc. products) must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises. Rugs Done Right, Inc.'s failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these terms and conditions shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. Neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice shall act to modify any of these terms and conditions. Rugs Done Right, Inc. may assign its rights and duties under this Agreement to any party at any time without notice to you.
Use of Site
Upon clicking the submit button on the checkout page, or authorizing a representative to place your order, you understand and agree to have the total price shown for your order immediately charged to the credit card you have provided. You also agree to have read and understand the policies, terms and conditions of this website. All orders shipping to the State of Massachusetts will be subject to a 6.25% sales tax. Harassment in any manner or form on the site, including via e-mail, chat, or by use of obscene or abusive language, is strictly forbidden. Impersonation of others, including a Rugs Done Right, Inc. or other licensed employee, host, or representative, as well as other members or visitors on the site is prohibited. You may not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through the site any content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable which may constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or which may otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law. You may not upload commercial content on the site or use the site to solicit others to join or become members of any other commercial online service or other organization.
Participation Disclaimer
Rugs Done Right, Inc. does not and cannot review all communications and materials posted to or created by users accessing the site and is not in any manner responsible for the content of these communications and materials. You acknowledge that by providing you with the ability to view and distribute user-generated content on the site, Rugs Done Right, Inc. is merely acting as a passive conduit for such distribution and is not undertaking any obligation or liability relating to any contents or activities on the site. However, Rugs Done Right, Inc. reserves the right to block or remove communications or materials that it determines to be (a) abusive, defamatory, or obscene, (b) fraudulent, deceptive, or misleading, (c) in violation of a copyright, trademark or; other intellectual property right of another or (d) offensive or otherwise unacceptable to Rugs Done Right, Inc. in its sole discretion.
Price Match Disclaimer
In an attempt to provide increased value and service to our visitors, Rugs Done Right, Inc. price match guarantee is based upon our competitor's good faith and reasonable pricing. Rugs Done Right, Inc. retains the right of refusal relative to our price match guarantee, when and if, at our sole discretion we deem a competitor’s lower price to be unreasonable. This policy extends to and includes typographical errors from competing sale ads, close out pricing, clearance products, overstock or other liquidations, seconds or irregulars, used items and manufacturer MAP (minimum allowable pricing) violations.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Rugs Done Right, Inc., its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers (collectively the "Service Providers") from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any violation of these terms and conditions or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing the site using your Internet access.
Pick colors and use sliders to refine the search