http://rushfaster.com/policies/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Save 20% Off Today With Coupon 'CHRISTMAS' + Free Shipping Over $75.
Save 20% Off Today With Coupon 'CHRISTMAS' + Free Shipping Over $75.
Privacy policy
PRIVACY POLICY
Last Updated 1 November 2019
The website rushfaster.com.au (the Product) is provided by Rushfaster Pty Ltd (referred to as “we”, “us” or “our”).
This Privacy Policy sets out our commitment to protecting the privacy of your personal information that we collect through our Products.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. Please contact us if you have any questions – our contact details are as follows: care@teamrushfaster.com.au
In providing us with personal information, you indicate that you have had sufficient opportunity to access this Privacy Policy and that you have read and accepted it.
This Privacy Policy may be amended, including with changes, additions and deletions, from time to time at our sole discretion. Your continued use of our Products following any amendments indicates that you accept the amendments. You should check this Privacy Policy regularly.
Collection of personal information
Personal information which we may collect from you includes the following:
your password, email address when you register for an account (Account) to use our Products;
your IP address;
your credit card information;
profile information that you provide for your user profile such as your first and last name, date of birth, phone number and other details. This information allows us to market to you and deliver orders made via our Products;
communications between you and us.
If we receive your personal information from third parties, we will protect it as set out in this Privacy Policy.
If you provide us with third party personal information then you warrant to us that you have the third party’s consent to provide this.
Use and disclosure of personal information collected
Your information will be used for the following purposes:
to help you access your information after you sign in;
to remember information so you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the Service;
for internal record keeping;
to deliver orders you place using on products;
to send you updates (such as account updates, newsletters, marketing materials and other information that may be of interest to you). You can unsubscribe from marketing communications at any time via our unsubscribe link on each communication sent;
to provide, improve, test and monitor the effectiveness of our Service and to develop and test new products and features;
for market research and business development;
to run contests, special offers or other events or activities on the Service;
for data analytics purposes; and
diagnose or fix technology problems and automatically update our Products on your device.
Sharing of your information
We may share your Personal Information (including any updates that you make to your Personal Information) within the corporate group;
Third party service providers in order to provide our services to you.
We may disclose information to:
courts, tribunals, regulatory authorities and law enforcement officers as required by law or in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights;
third parties, including agents or contractors, who assist us in providing information, products, services or direct marketing to you, who may be located outside of Australia; and
third parties to collect and process data, who may store data outside of Australia.
Where we disclose your personal information to third parties for these purposes, we will request that the third party follow this Privacy Policy regarding handling of your personal information.
Shopify
Our store is hosted on Shopify Inc. They provide us with the online e-commerce platform that allows us to sell our products and services to you. Your data is stored through Shopify’s data storage, databases and the general Shopify application. They store your data on a secure server behind a firewall.
Payment: If you choose a direct payment gateway to complete your purchase, then Shopify stores your credit card data. It is encrypted through the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS). Your purchase transaction data is stored only as long as is necessary to complete your purchase transaction. After that is complete, your purchase transaction information is deleted. All direct payment gateways adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, MasterCard, American Express and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of credit card information by our store and its service providers. For more insight, you may also want to read Shopify’s Terms of Service (https://www.shopify.com/legal/terms) or Privacy Statement (https://www.shopify.com/legal/privacy).
Change of control
If there is a change of control of our business, we reserve the right to transfer to the extent permissible by law our user databases, together with any personal information and non-personal information contained in those databases. This information may be disclosed to a potential purchaser.
Storage and security
We store your personal information on servers located within or outside of Australia.
No information transmitted over the Internet can be guaranteed to be secure. We cannot guarantee the security of any information that you transmit to us, or receive from us. The transmission and exchange of information is carried out at your own risk.
Whilst reasonable measures, for example, contracting with a reputable data storage provider and implementing restricted access protocols internally, , are taken to safeguard against unauthorised disclosures of information, we cannot assure you that personal information that we collect will not be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Policy.
By registering for and using the Service you consent to the transfer of information from Australia to any other country in which we, our affiliates or our service providers maintain facilities.
Cookies
We utilise cookies to provide a better experience of our products.
Your rights to control and access
Providing us with your personal information is optional.   You are not required to provide us with any personal information, however, incomplete or inaccurate information may affect your use of our Products. When you provide us with your personal information, you consent to the terms in this Privacy Policy.
You may request details of personal information that we hold about you, in certain circumstances as set out in the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) (Privacy Act). Please note that:
if we agree to provide you with details of the personal information we hold about you, we may charge an administrative fee; and
we have rights in certain circumstances under the Privacy Act to refuse to provide you with the information we hold about you.
If you believe that any information we hold about you is inaccurate, out of date, incomplete, irrelevant or misleading, please update this information in your Account settings.
Links to third party websites
Our Products may contain links to third party websites.
Third party websites are not governed by our Privacy Policy and we do not have any control over third party websites. We are not responsible for the protection of any information which you provide whilst visiting such third party websites.
Data analytics
We use third-party analytics tools, including Google Analytics (information about how Google uses your data is located at www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners or any other URL which Google may provide from time to time), to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the Service. These tools collect information sent by your device or our Service, including the web pages you visit, add-ons, and other information that assists us in improving the Service. We collect and use this analytics information with analytics information from other Users so that it cannot reasonably be used to identify any particular individual User.
Log file information is automatically reported by your browser each time you make a request to access our Products. It can also be provided when the content of our Products is downloaded to your browser or device. When you use our Service, our servers automatically record certain log file information, including your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, referring/exit pages and URLs, number of clicks and how you interact with links on the Service, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed, and other such information. We may also collect similar information from emails sent to our users which then help us track which emails are opened and which links are clicked by recipients. The information allows for more accurate reporting and improvement of the Service.
When you use a mobile device like a tablet or phone to access our Service, we may access, collect, monitor, store on your device, and/or remotely store one or more "device identifiers." Device identifiers are small data files or similar data structures stored on or associated with your mobile device, which uniquely identify your mobile device. A device identifier may be data stored in connection with the device hardware, data stored in connection with the device's operating system or other software, or data sent to the device by us. A device identifier may deliver information to us or to a third party partner about how you browse and use the Service and may help us or others provide reports or personalized content and ads. Some features of the Service may not function properly if use or availability of device identifiers is impaired or disabled.
Unsubscribe
To unsubscribe from our e-mail, txt database, or opt-out of communications, please unsubscribe by adjusting the notifications settings in your Account.
You may not opt-out of Service-related emails (e.g. account verification, changes/updates to features, material changes to our terms of use, technical and security notices).
Complaints
If you have any complaints in relation to the collection, use, or disclosure of your personal information, please send an email to care@teamrushfaster.com.au with details of the breach.
We aim to investigate and respond to your complaint within 10 business days. We will set out in our response the outcome of our investigations and if there has been a breach, what actions we will take to remedy that breach.
Close icon
Checkmark icon
Added to your cart:
Cart subtotal
Close icon
Close icon