http://saffronart.com/sitepages/privacy.aspx
Advanced
Login
New User
Home
>
Help & Policies
>
Privacy Policy
Login
|
New User
Login ID *
Password *
Problems logging in? Reset password.
INR
|
USD
Loading...
Sort by: last | first name
ART
AUCTIONS
ALive: Evening Sale of Modern and Contemporary Art
REDiscovery: Auction of Art and Collectibles
All Auctions
EXHIBITIONS
Saffronart Partner Galleries
The Symbolism of Swaminathan: A Journey Through the Years
Manu Parekh: Recent Paintings
All Exhibitions
Assoc Gallery Exhibitions
JEWELLERY & COLLECTIBLES
AUCTIONS
Online Auction of Fine Jewels
Fine Jewels: Ode to Nature
All Auction Results
EXHIBITIONS
Decorative Arts
Exhibition of Jewels, Objects & Silver
All Exhibitions
JEWELLERY SUBMISSION FORM
JEWELLERY SUBMISSION FORM
ANTIQUITIES
AUCTIONS
Living Traditions: Folk and Tribal
Classical Indian Art
All Auction Results
EXHIBITIONS
Select Indian Antiquities
All Exhibitions
PRIME PROPERTIES
Currently on Sale
Property Archive
Prime London
Sell My Property
PRIVACY POLICY
Your privacy is important to us. That is why, as a Saffronart customer, we are committed to the protection of your privacy. To ensure that you feel confident about providing us with your personal information when communicating with us and using our services, we outline below our practices in relation to the collection and use of personal data.
By visiting or using the www.saffronart.com or www.saffronstory.com website and domain name, any other Saffronart-owned linked pages, features, content, mobile applications, and any other services we offer from time to time (collectively, the "Websites"), you agree to the practices and policies set out in this Privacy Policy, and you hereby acknowledge and consent to our collection, use, and sharing of your information as described in this Privacy Policy. Capitalized terms that are not defined in this Privacy Policy have the meaning given to them in our Terms and Conditions.
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register for the Websites. No one under age 13 may provide any personal information to us. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at info@saffronart.com so we may delete that information.
Information we collect & use
Websites
In general, you can visit our website without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself. We track the Internet address of the domains from which people visit us and analyze this data for trends and statistics, but the individual user remains anonymous.
However, to make better use our site including receiving communications from us and accessing certain features, you will need to sign up for our e-mail newsletters or register using our online registration form, where you are required to provide us with your contact and identity information, town/city, email id and other personal information as indicated in the forms on the site as well as your third-party account information (for example, your log-in name and password for Facebook). We may also collect information you supply to us regarding your personal preferences and interests. If you access the Service through Facebook Connect , you understand that some content and/or information in your Facebook account (“Third Party Account Information”) may be transmitted into your account with us if you authorize such transmissions, and that Third Party Account Information transmitted to our Websites is covered by this Privacy Policy.
Our primary goal in collecting and storing this information from you is to provide an efficient, relevant and customized experience. This allows us to provide services and features that most likely meet your needs, and to customize our site to make your experience easier. Importantly, we only collect personal information about you that we consider relevant for achieving this purpose.If you want to bid in our auctions or make an online purchase on our website, we collect some additional information, such as a billing and shipping address, a credit or debit card number and a card expiration date. We protect the security of your credit/debit card information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input. We reveal only the last four digits of your credit card numbers when confirming an order. Of course, we transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing. Saffronart will continue to enhance security procedures as new technology becomes available.
We may automatically track certain information about you based upon your behavior on our site. We use this information to do internal research on our users' demographics, interests, and behavior to better understand and serve our users. This information may include the URL that you just came from (whether this URL is on our site or not), which URL you next go to (whether this URL is on our site or not), your computer browser information, your IP address, which areas of the site you visit and which features you use.
We use data collection devices such as "cookies" on certain pages of the site to help analyze our web page flow, measure promotional effectiveness, and promote trust and safety. "Cookies" are small files placed on your device that allow us to identify your browser and device and assist us in providing our services. We offer certain features that are only available through the use of a "cookie". We also use cookies to allow you to enter your password less frequently during a session. Cookies can also help us provide information that is targeted to your interests. Most cookies are "session cookies," meaning that they automatically expire at the end of a session. You are always free to decline our cookies if your browser permits, although in that case you may not be able to use certain features on the site and you may be required to reenter your password more frequently during a session.
We may also deliver a file to you through the Websites (known as a "web beacon") from an advertising network we have contracted with. Web beacons allow advertising networks to provide anonymized, aggregated auditing, research and reporting for us and for advertisers. Web beacons also enable ad networks to serve targeted advertisements to you when you visit other websites. These beacons may, for example, log that you have viewed a certain product on our Websites, and then show you an ad for similar products when you browse to another website. Because your web browser must request these advertisements and web beacons from the ad network's servers, these companies can view, edit, or set their own cookies, just as if you had requested a web page from their site.
Email
In order to provide you with timely notice about upcoming auctions and events, new products introduced, Saffronart may send you email notices based on your expressed interests and bidding history. To help us make these e-mails more useful and interesting, we often receive a confirmation when you open the e-mail or click on a link if your computer supports such capabilities.
At any time, you may click the unsubscribe link at the bottom of most emails we send to stop receiving those emails.
You may also send an email to info@saffronart.com and request that your email address be removed from our lists.
Note that certain email communications from us are required as a condition for using some of our services.
As an example,
Tell a Friend
Saffronart provides users of this site the opportunity to inform others (each, a "recipient") about a particular product, which will require the sender to provide the recipient's email address(es). At the sender's request, Saffronart will automatically send the recipient email on behalf of the sender a link to Saffronart’s site containing the information about the sale or lot. Saffronart will not initiate any further contact with the recipient, beyond the email sent on behalf of the sender, unless the recipient specifically "subscribes" for extra services by filling out a registration form.
If you, as a recipient, do not wish to receive further e-mail from the sender, please reply to the sender requesting they stop sending you the email in the future. Saffronart does not accept responsibility for any third party's use (or misuse) of this service.
Other Correspondence
If you send us personal correspondence, such as emails or letters, or if other users or third parties send us correspondence about your activities or postings on the Site, we may collect such information into a file specific to you
We would like to reiterate that we limit the use of your information to the extent that we reasonably require to deliver our products, services and other opportunities, and to administer our business. Saffronart does not sell, lease or give your personal information to any other company.
Security
Any personal data you provide to us is securely stored in our internal Information Technology (IT) systems to which only authorized Saffronart employees are permitted access. This access is provided to employees only on a “need-to-know” basis to the extent necessary to execute their official responsibilities.
All our employees are required to sign a confidentiality agreement in which they agree to treat company & customer data as strictly confidential.
The server holding your personal data is protected against both unauthorised physical and electronic access. These measures include an electronic firewall and various other protection measures that involve virus scanning, installation of security patches, vulnerability testing, backup and recovery planning, employee training, security audits and other steps designed to constantly improve the data protection posture.
To protect your privacy and security, we will verify your identity before granting access or making changes to your personally-identifying information. If you have registered your profile on Saffronart, your Saffronart ID and password are required in order to access your profile information.
Sharing of Information
We neither rent nor sell your personal information in personally identifiable form to anyone. We share your personal information in personally identifiable form with third parties only as described below:
Affiliated Businesses:
In certain situations, businesses or third party websites we’re affiliated with may sell items or provide services to you through the Websites (either alone or jointly with us). You can recognize when an affiliated business is associated with such a transaction or service, and we will share your personal information with that affiliated business only to the extent that we deem it related to such transaction or service. One such service may be Prime Properties which we provide in partnership with Cushman & Wakefield, where we may share your information with Cushman & Wakefield in order to provide you the service you desire. We have no control over the policies and practices of third party businesses as to privacy or anything else, so if you choose to take part in any transaction or service relating to an affiliated business, please review all such business’s policies.
Agents:
We employ other companies and people to perform tasks on our behalf and need to share your information with them to provide products or services to you. Unless we inform you otherwise, our agents do not have any right to use the personal information we share with them beyond what we deem necessary to assist us in performing such tasks.
Examples of such services include mail courier services, email delivery services and live chat support services.
User Profiles and Content:
Certain user profile information, including without limitation a user’s username and the image content that such user has uploaded to the website may be displayed to other users to facilitate user interaction within the Websites or address your request for our services. Any content you upload to your public user profile, along with any personal information or content that you voluntarily disclose online in a manner other users can view (on discussion boards, in messages and chat areas, etc.) becomes publicly available, and can be collected and used by others. Your username may also be displayed to other users if and when you post comments or upload images through the Websites and other users can contact you through such comments. If you sign into the Websites through Facebook Connect, your list of “friends” from Facebook may be automatically imported to the Websites, and such “friends,” if they are also registered users of the services, may be able to access certain non-public information you have entered in your user profile. Again, we do not control the policies and practices of any other third party site or service.
Sale of Assets:
We may choose to buy or sell assets. In these types of transactions, customer information (which may include your personal information) is typically one of the business assets that is transferred. Also, if we (or substantially all of our assets) are acquired, or if we go out of business or enter bankruptcy, your personal information would be one of the assets transferred to or acquired by a third party.
Legal and Protection:
We may release your personal information when we believe in good faith that release is necessary to comply with laws; enforce or apply our conditions of use and/or other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of Saffronart, our employees, our users, or others. We may exchange information with other companies and organizations (including governmental authorities) for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
With Your Consent:
Except as set forth in this Privacy Policy, your personal information may be shared with third parties only with your consent.
By using the website, you consent to the collection and use of the information you disclose on the site by Saffronart.
Opt-Out:
As described above, we use your Personal Information to provide you with targeted advertisements or marketing communications we believe may be of interest to you. For more information about how targeted advertising works, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s (“NAI”) educational page at http://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising/how-does-it-work
You can opt out of targeted advertising by:
FACEBOOK - https://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=ads
GOOGLE - https://www.google.com/settings/ads/anonymous
BING - https://advertise.bingads.microsoft.com/en-us/resources/policies/personalized-ads
LUCKYORANGE - https://privacy.luckyorange.com/
Amendments
We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. Use of information we collect now is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is used. If we make changes in the way we use Personal Information, we will modify this page. You are bound by any changes to the Privacy Policy when you use the Websites.
Contact
We are committed to protecting and safeguarding your privacy. Please contact us at info@saffronart.com if you have any questions
Thank you for visiting Saffronart!