http://santaletters1.tripod.com/santa/policyterms.html
Letters From Santa: Personalized Santa LettersA Better Santa Letter!
Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
Letters From Santa Home
Letters From Santa About Us
Contact Santa Claus
Santa Specials
Santa Letter Products
Santa Letter Testimonials
Santa Letter News
Santa's Parent Zone
Just For Fun
Crafts & Recipes
Santa's Gift Shop
Santa Letter Awards
Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
Fun Letters
Santa Links
Dear Santa
Win Our Award
Site Map
Terms Of Use & Privacy
Policy
Welcome to the Letters From Santa/Fun Letters (herein known as “AFY” and/or "Assistance
For You") website (herein known as “our website" and/or “the website"). Our mailing address is Assistance For
You, P O Box 1774, Kent WA 98035-1774. We can be contacted via email at virtual14u@yahoo.com By using or accessing our website and our service (the "service"), "you", the user, are agreeing to comply
with and be bound by the following Terms and Privacy Policy (the "agreement"). Please
read and review the following provisions of this agreement carefully. If you do not agree to all the terms and conditions
contained in this agreement in its entirety, you are not authorized to use this website or the service in any manner or form.
Letters From Santa/Fun Letters are available solely for adults to purchase
personalized holiday products for their family and friends. This website and service is intended for use by adults of 18 years
or older. If you are under the age of 18, you are not authorized to use the Letters From Santa/Fun Letters website unless your parent or legal guardian purchase give you permission. All purchases must be made only by an adult that is 18 years or older.
Privacy Policy: We take your privacy
and security seriously and appreciate your trust that we will use your personal information only for the service for which
it is intended. Client privacy is our goal and all correspondence is kept confidential. We do not rent, sell, or exchange
our mailing lists. You control the personal information you voluntarily share with us. The types of personal information collected
at this web site may include you and your child/recipient's: name, mailing addresses, email addresses, phone numbers,
age and additional personal information you provide for processing your order. Bank, credit and debit card information
is be obtained by third party payment processing sites, such as PayPal™
, that provide secure, encrypted servers that are not within our control. Information is for the sole use of
Assistance For You/Letters From Santa/Fun Letters, herein known as AFY to create permission-based personalized Santa Letters,
Easter Bunny Letters, Tooth Fairy Letters and related products or to communicate with you regarding said letters
or products. AFY reserves the right to contact you by e-mail, telephone and in writing to obtain or clarify information for
the purposes of fulfilling you order, informing you of applicable changes or additions to our products or services. You
agree to accept future emails from us regarding products or services available from AFY. In addition, you may choose to join
our automated opt-in mailing list, provided by Bravenet® for additional periodic emails which may consist of newsletters,
reminders, promotions, special offers, coupons, holiday tips or other information we deem as useful and informative. You may
choose to opt-out of our Bravenet®, mailing list at any time. You understand that by signing our Bravenet® guestbook/guestmap, using
free-links, classifieds, participating in polls,  that your information becomes available to the public and
that you are freely posting at your own risk. AFY reserve the right to modify or delete guestbook entries as we
deem necessary. You understand and agree that you willingly share your information with any third party service
provider we may use on this web site or in the course of business. AFY will never share your personal information with any
outside entity unless required by law through subpoena or court order. AFY may track or monitor your web site usage at any
time. This web site may contain cookies supplied by Lycos®, /Tripod®, /Trellix®/Webcon®, the owners of the Sitebuilder software
that this site is located on. We are not responsible for nor can we control the service or methods of operations of Lycos®,
/Tripod®, /Trellix® or any other third party service we may use, such as Bravenet® ,  PayPal™ or Ebay®.
Product: By purchasing
letters and/or products at our website, You agree and understand that letters and/or products will be computer generated
and may contain printed or hand-written signatures in the fictious names of Santa and/or Santa Claus, The Easter
Bunny and/or Hoppity and/or Hoppity The Easter Bunny, The Tooth Fairy and/or Ariel and/or Ariel The Tooth Fairy, none of which
are genuine individuals. Any and all references to the aforementioned names refer only to fictious characters and
all products are strictly for entertainment purposes. You agree that to purchase our products or use our service you must
supply detailed information for the recipient, yourself and payment information to complete your purchase. You also agree
to provide accurate and complete information and that AFY may rely upon the information you provide as accurate and complete.
Each Letter includes personal information from the order form and each Holiday Bar includes the designated child's name
and seasonal greeting. Each Santa Letter includes colorful stationery with a handwritten signature from Santa and/or
Santa Claus, matching envelope, and a North Pole postmark. Each Santa Letter will also include a coloring page and a small
"gift". Each gift is chosen by AFY and cannot be requested by the purchaser. Each Easter Bunny and Tooth Fairy
Letter will include matching stationary with a handwritten signature from the Easter Bunny or Tooth Fairy and a
gift. Gift enclosures could include a puzzle, tattoo, bookmark, activity page/book coloring page/book, sticker,
patch, pencil, eraser, stencil, postcard, jokes, recipe, lyrics, poem, ring, seed packet, bracelet, story, mini notepad, word
search, crosswords, trivia, riddles or a combination of items. Gift enclosures will vary and cannot be pre-selected or
guaranteed and are based upon availability. AFY also reserves the right to substitute, modify, change, or remove any item(s)
at any time. AFY retains the right to substitute, modify, change or delete personal information you provide for customization. AFY
will attempt to include all personalized information you provide in your order but cannot guarantee it will all be included.
Your personal contact information is not included in our letters, unless you request it, but general references
to you or family members may be in letter verbiage. Letters will be mailed individually to each recipient as your
order form details indicate. All Holiday Bars are intended to be added to child's stocking or Easter basket and
are mailed directly to the purchaser unless another shipping request is indicated on the Order Form. Tooth Fairy Letters &
upgrades are mailed directly to recipient. Santa Letters are mailed to the North Pole first and then remailed by the
post office (USPS) to the child unless it is after the ordering deadline. All Fun Letters are mailed directly to the recipient.
AFY has the right to offer new products or discontinue products at any time.
Pricing: By placing
an order, you agree to pay for all associated charges incurred by you to purchase our products using the payment method you
choose. AFY product prices are provided at our website and at point of sale via PayPal® and may change at AFY's discretion,
and are effective when changed at our website. For multiple orders one online payment or one cashiers check can
be sent. Each Letter From Santa, herein also known as a Santa Letter is $8.49(US). Each personalized Hershey® Chocolate
Holiday Bar, herein also known as Chocolate Holiday Bar/Holiday Bar/Chocolate Holiday Basket Bar is $2.49 (US). Easter Bunny
Letters and Tooth Fairy Letters are each $5.00. Products can be ordered individually unless another purchase is
required. Upgrades may be ordered separately. Upgrades include Extra Tooth Keeper Necklace-$.99, Tooth Fairy certificate-$1.95,
Wooden Tooth Keeper Box-$2.00, 2-piece Gift Set (Wooden Tooth Keeper Box & Certificate)-$3.49. AFY retains the right to change
prices or offer "free" products at our discretion at anytime. We do offer special products from time to time and the
pricing may vary but will be stated on the website and points of sale. Products ordered through any external links are the
responsibility of that merchant not AFY.
Payment
Methods:  PayPal™, Ebay®
pre-payments or Gift Certificate are acceptable forms of payment. We currently
use PayPal™ to accept debit (bank withdrawal) and credit cards
(Visa®, MasterCard®, American Express®, Discover®). We no longer accept checks or money orders via postal mail due to the
volume we experience during our busy Christmas season. PayPal™ and
Ebay® offer you safe and secure servers for your transactions. When using PayPal™  your
statement will reflect "Assistance4U" as the billing party. Gift certificates must be mailed in advance and the pesonalized
Order Form link will be emailed to you.
Order
Deadline: Please note the deadline for ordering and payment for Santa Letters & Christmas-themed products
is November 30th of each year. We accept orders September1st through November 30th of each year. AFY retains the right
to change, shorten or extend order deadlines at any time. If and when Santa Letters deadlines are extended
orders accepted after November 30th will not include a USPS North Pole postmark and letters will ship directly to the child.
Easter Bunny & Tooth Fairy letters are accepted year round, however, the deadline for Easter Bunny letters and Easter-themed
Holiday Bars will vary each year and be posted on the Fun Letters web page.
Order
Process: By placing your Santa Letter/Holiday Bar order you agree that a portion of your order's proceeds, as determined
by AFY, can be donated to the designated charity. All products may be ordered separately and there are no minimums unless
it is part of a special offer, rebate or upgrade package. AFY accepts orders forms by email after payment is received. You
agree that your orders will include accurate information on our customized order form. Our online form sends orders
by email to Elves@sendasantaletter.com All replies to you will come from  virtual14u@yahoo.com When you place an order you must use PayPal™ to
send your payment.  All paid orders received by November 30th are guaranteed to be processed unless non-fulfillment
is the result of inadequate/incorrect information or non-payment or a reason out of our control. After submitting payment
you will be directed  to our online Thank You page which contains the Santa Letter & Fun Letter Order Forms.
After submitting your order forms you will receive an order confirmation message and then be re-directed to back to same
page to send more Order Forms. You will also receive an email receipt from PayPal™. Please be sure your payment matches
each Order Form for all recipients. Alternate methods of payment (Ebay pre-paid, gift certificates) will be sent the
link to our Order Form after payment verification has been made. We no longer accept checks. Please add
our return email address of virtual14u@yahoo.com
to your address book to avoid having our mail deleted or sent to your junk mail box which could delay order processing. In
order to successfully receive emails from us regarding orders or inquiries, please adjust any email/spam filters to allow
delivery from virtual14u@yahoo.com Orders are processed within 5 days of payment verification. Unpaid orders will not
be processed nor confirmed. If possible, incomplete paid orders will be processed using the information sent however, if the
order form is missing we will contact you. You also agree that a partial order can be processed (for example: you ordered and
paid for 2 letters but only sent 1 order form for 1 letter but we have other sibling's name). AFY retains the right to
substitute or modify information details on incomplete orders or refuse orders at any time. AFY also retains the right
to refuse to process orders where AFY determines that the order is considered threatening, abusive, defamatory, harassing,
racist, vulgar, obscene or unlawful or in any other way offensive.
Shipping: Shipping,
handling and postage is free. All orders are mailed using regular first-class United States Postal mail and there is
no express service available. All paid orders are shipped after November 15th but not later than December 10th of
each year. AFY has the right to ship earlier or refuse to ship an order until verifiable payment or information has been
received in full. Santa Letters are shiped separately from other products due to North Pole postmark. AFY will attempt to
mail Santa Letters with a USPS North Pole, Alaska return postmark, however, AFY retains the right to ship directly to a recipient's
address if shipping to the North Pole, Alaska will delay timely receipt. Santa Letter orders purchased after November
30th will be mailed directly to the recipient without a USPS North Pole postmark and will include AFY's own "North Pole"
stamp as substitution. AFY retains the right to use our own "North Pole" stamp. Due to revised postal regulations, all
mail must include an originating return address label. Our return address on all letters will include our actual
address of Assistance For You P O Box 1774 Kent WA 98035-1774 and the holiday verbiage of our choice on the return
address label which may include: c/o "Santa Claus", Santa's Elves" "Santa's Workshop", "Santa's Post Office", "Santa's
Postal Center" "Santa's Mail Depot" or "Santa's Helpers", or a similar variation and a "North Pole" address. Fun Letters are
shipped separately from other products. All Easter Bunny and Tooth Fairy letters are shipped directly from Kent with
our return address to the recipient. Easter Bunny letters and Tooth Fairy letters will  return labels will also include "Hoppity,
The Easter Bunny", "The Easter Bunny", "Ariel, The Tooth Fairy" or "The Tooth Fairy" or a similar variation. Tooth Fairy
letters are shipped year round. Holiday Bars, Crafts, Magic Keys and other items are shipped to the adult purchaser
or parent unless a special request is made. At this time we ship only within the continental United States, including
continental APO/FPO. At this time, we do not ship to Hawaii, Alaska, U.S. territories, Canada or other countries.
We do not ship on Sundays or holidays.
Rebates: Orders
of 5 Letters or 5 Holiday Bars will receive a discount issued via rebate. To qualify for the rebate you must purchase
a minimum of five (5) Letters or five (5) Chocolate Holiday Bars. For every five (5) Letters From Santa/Fun Letters you
ordered you will receive a $4.00 rebate and for every five (5) Chocolate Holiday Bars ordered you will receive a $1.00 rebate.
Orders for products in quantities of less than five (5) for each product do not qualify for the rebate promotion nor do combination
orders. (For example an order of 2 letters and 3 bars does not qualify). To receive your rebates for your savings on orders
of 5 or more, please mark the section on the order form. Rebates apply only to orders of 5 Letters or 5 Holiday Bars
purchased together at the same time. Orders for more than one person is allowed on Letter orders to the same or
multiple homes. Holiday Bars may have different names but are mailed to purchaser's home. Each qualifying item must
be paid in full. Rebates will be sent to the purchaser via PayPal® or mailed, in the form of a check or money order, within
6-8 weeks from purchase. Special Rebates and Special Offers cannot be combined together or with any other offer, promotion
or rebate unless AFY designates to do so. AFY This notation (COMBO-OK) indicates
that a rebate may be used in conjunction with that specific offer. All other promotions are honored individually when
stated with each order on the order form. AFY retains the right to choose which offer or promotion the purchaser will
receive if not designated on Order Form.
Special
Offers: By participating in our promotional giveaways, contests and bonus offers you understand and agree
to the following: Winners are chosen either by required count, first-come, first to qualify, availability and/or
randomly through drawings and are not pre-determined by AFY. Winners will be notified using the contact email/mailing
address you have supplied and AFY is not responsible for inaccurate contact information you may provide. Winners
do not have to pay any shipping charges on any prizes. All prizes are shipped by USPS mail or UP. AFY is not liable for the
mailing services, delivery schedules, lost mail or damages caused by USPS or UPS. We do not guarantee prizes will arrive before
Christmas. AFY retains the right to substitute prizes of equal or greater value as deemed necessary. AFY retains
the right to change promotions or promotional dates or requirements at any time. You agree that if you win a prize
or contest your name will be appearing and be posted on our website. You also agree that your name can be used for
advertising purposes on our web site, in written form, email, newsletters and/or advertisements. To help protect your
privacy, the names of all contest winners will appear in these formats (First Name/Last Name Initial/State or both
Initials/State) for a time determined by AFY. AFY is not responsible for the quality or manufacturing of any prizes, bonuses
or giveaways, including those of an edible nature. The user assumes full responsibility for use and holds AFY harmless
from any/all liability relating to prizes, giveaways or bonus offers, including those that are edible. The user assumes
full responsibility for the use or consumption of all prizes, giveaways or bonuses. If a specific item must be purchased or
dollar amount is required, prizes will not be awarded if the terms and required payment are not been received. By placing an
order that is subject to a special offer promotion, the user confirms that they are an adult of 18 years in age
or older and that they give their full consent and permission for AFY to mail the prize, giveaway or bonus to the purchaser
or the child/designated recipient using the personal information they have supplied.  All prizes, giveaways
and bonuses will be awarded and will be shipped within 6-8 weeks from winners being announced and/or informed. Prizes
are mailed to the purchaser unless the offer designates the bonus or giveaway as being an inclusion in Letters or Chocolate
Holiday Bars. Special Rebates and Special Offers cannot be combined together or with any other offer, promotion or rebate
unless AFY designates so with the notation (COMBO-OK). AFY retains the right to
choose which offer or promotion the purchaser will receive if not designated on Order Form. AFY retains the right
to offer "free" or "discounted" products at our discretion at anytime.
Referral
Rewards:  This service has been discontinued indefinitely.
Testimonials: We greatly
value your opinions and feedback on our products and service. Testimonial letters may be written or typed and can
be submitted by email, postal mail, fax or through our online forms. Comments you add to our online forms will ask
your permission to use comments as a testimonial. If the comments are deemed relevant and appropriate by AFY and you
have given permission then AFY will treat your comments as a testimonial. (i.e. comments about products, the service, website
or child's reaction) By submitting a testimonial, you agree that you are freely submitting your testimonial by choice.
From time to time, we may have contests that require a testimonial, to be submitted in order to qualify for a prize or
giveaway. For contests, AFY will determine the means (emailed or postal mail) by which the testimonial must be delivered.
If you choose to submit a testimonial letter, in general or for a contest, you agree that your name can be used for advertising
purposes on our web site, in written form, email, newsletters and/or advertisements. You also agree that if you win a contest
that requires a testimonial letter your name will be appear and be posted on our website, and may also appear in other
written form, email, newsletters and/or advertisements. To protect your privacy, the names of all testimonials authors
will appear in these formats (First Name/Last Name Initial/State or both Initials/State) for a time determined by AFY.
Cancellations/Refunds/NSF: Processed
or shipped orders cannot be cancelled or returned due to personalization of each item. By making payment you agree that your
are ordering the specified product and also agree that your paid order is non-cancellable due to the highly personalized information
and time taken to create each item. You agree that AFY will cancel and/or refund your order if we receive notice via
email or fax 3 days prior to the processing of your order. You further agree that AFY does not accept cancellations or refund
requests once your order has been processed. You also agree to accept a refund for products that cannot
be processed and/or shipped due to a large amount of missing information minus a $1.50 processing fee. We will attempt
to contact you but we are not responsible if you cannot be reached or do not respond. Refunds for unfilled orders
will be returned via check, money order or PayPal®. Any check accepted, that results in insufficient funds will
be subject to a $35.00 NSF fee.
Hold Harmless/Indemnification: You agree
to indemnify, defend and hold harmless AFY, its' agents, employees, officers, suppliers, and attorneys from any
and all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including attorney's fees, counsel and settlement costs, resulting from any violation
of the Agreement and/or your use of our website, products or services. Users assume all responsibility for ordering and
in deciding if Holiday Bar, Letters, candy, gifts, special offer prizes or free giveaways items, and its' enclosures
and/or packaging are age appropriate for the child receiving the mail. Although this site sells merchandise for children
use it is not intended or designed to be used by children. By placing an order, the user confirms
that they are an adult of 18 years in age or older. The user also confirms their full consent and permission
for AFY to mail each child/person using the personal information they have indicated. Merchandise and enclosures
is designed for children ages 3 years and older and the purchaser assumes complete responsibility for determining
age-appropriateness. Purchaser or responsible adult should supervise product opening and use to ensure children safety. By
using this web site you indemnify and hold harmless AFY and its' agents and/or officers from any and all liabilities
associated with receipt or use of our letters, it's enclosures, packaging, candy, Holiday Bars, additional products,
prizes, free giveaway items or web site. AFY cannot be held liable for Hershey® or other designated candy and/or
chocolate company's manufacturing process, candy, ingredients, labels, allergy reactions and/or contaminants. AFY shall
not he held responsible for any illness, injury, or side effects due to ingestion of Hershey® chocolate bars plain or with
nuts or any other candies. User accepts full responsibility for any known/unknown dietary/dental risks and all children/recipients
they place orders for.
Disclaimer: There
is no affiliation between Hershey Foods Corporation®, its divisions or subsidiaries or any other company and AFY. Hersheys®
is a registered trademark of the Hershey Food Corporation®.  AFY does not interfere, remove or alter the manufacturer's
original wrapper. AFY only designs and applies a personalized wrapper over the existing Hershey® wrapper. AFY
is not responsible for allergy reactions and/or contaminants of any products. Please refer to the manufacturer's original
wrapper for nutritional/ingredients information. There is no affiliation between AFY and/or any other candy company. All candy
company products (i.e. candy cane, gum, candy, chocolate etc.) will always maintain their original wrappers. AFY does not
interfere, remove or alter any manufacturer's original wrapper and is not responsible for allergy reactions, dental issues
and/or contaminants of any food products.
External
Links: Your use of our websites is your acknowledgement and agreement that you assume any and/or all risk
and liability associated with this website or thrid party links it  may contain. AFY may provide links to other
third party internet websites and/or resources that are outside AFY's jurisdiction and control. You acknowledge and agree
that AFY is not responsible for the availability of any and/or all third party websites and/or resources and that AFY
does not endorse nor is liable for any and/or all third party websites, its' content, operations, servers,
web site performance, order forms, advertisements, products, downloads, services, hyperlinks, errors, inaccuracies,
omissions, privacy practices, procedures, results or any possible damages and/or losses arising thereof. AFY does not
endorse and shall not be liable for any third party. AFY has the right to trade, remove, add or modify links and/or link pages
at any time.
Limits
of Liability: AFY shall not in any event be liable for any direct, indirect, punitive, special, incidental, or
consequential damages, including, without limitation, lost revenues, or lost profits, arising out of or in any way connected
with the use or misuse of the information or lack of information on this web site. AFY does not guarantee continuous, uninterrupted
or secure access to our website or service. The creation and/or delivery of our products may be interfered with by numerous
factors outside of AFY's control. AFY shall not be held liable for acts of God, events out of our control, any
email servers, email and/or web-based order form malfunctioning, incorrect email addresses, misdirected emails junk
mail filter blocking or full/non-receptive/cancelled emails inboxes. AFY shall not be held liable for non-fulfillment
of orders due to purchaser not sending personal information needed to create an item or payments not made or received by the
ordering deadline. AFY shall not be held liable for typographical or spelling errors contained in letters, bars, products or web
site and there is no implied warranties or guarantees. AFY shall not be held liable for PayPal™, or any other financial entity used for the purpose of collecting
payments, its' agents, officers or be responsible for said entities web site performance or malfunctioning. AFY shall
not be held liable for late, lost, misdirected, incorrect, illegible, incomplete, damaged, melted, broken, postage-due mail
or the United States Post Office or any other carrier's policies. Any/all claims for damages must be addressed directly to
the shipper by the purchaser. AFY shall not be liable and cannot guarantee Christmas delivery but suggests the customer order
early to help expedite delivery. AFY shall not refund any payments received due to circumstances beyond its control. AFY shall
not be liable hereunder by reason of any failure or delay in the performance of its obligations hereunder on account of strikes,
shortages, riots, insurrection, fires, flood, storm, explosions, acts of God, war, governmental action, labor conditions,
earthquakes or any other cause which is beyond the reasonable control of such party. AFY shall not be liable for, nor can
we control, the methods of operations of Lycos®, /Tripod®, /Trellix®, PayPal™ , Ebay®, its' agents, officers, servers, web site performance or
any other item which falls under their jurisdiction, which includes the website, order forms, hyperlinks and advertisements.
AFY, its' agents and officers shall not be held liable for the use operation, products, services, content, advertisements,
privacy practices, procedures or results obtained from any and/or all websites or hyperlinks contained within this web site,
including, without limitation, to damages for loss of good will, lost of revenue, los of profits, business interruption, loss
of programs, software or other data, even if a AFY authorized representative has been advised of the possibility of such damages
or any claim attributable to errors, omissions or other inaccuracies in the web site or any hyperlinked web site. AFY does
not assume any responsibility or liability for any information, communications, or materials available at the linked sites,
or at any link contained in a linked site. AFY does not intend these third party links to be referrals or endorsements of
the linked entities. They are provided as a convenience only. Each individual site has its own policies about what information
is appropriate for public access. You assume sole responsibility for use of third party links and pointers. Because some jurisdictions
do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, the above exclusion may not apply to you.
In such jurisdictions, AFY's maximum liability to you, under any/all circumstances, will be equal to the actual price
of products purchased. This paragraph will survive the failure of any exclusive or limited remedy.
Additional
Terms: The user understands that information contained in this web site and its' products are for entertainment
purposes only. The information on this web site and its' products are provided "as is" and without warranty of any kind, either
expressed or implied. AFY reserves the right to change, modify, add or remove portions of our Privacy Policy, Terms of Use,
web site, service, content, products, or promotions, links at any time and may add to, change, suspend or discontinue
any aspect of services or products at any time. Information on this web site may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical
errors. This web site contains proprietary notices and copyrighted information, the terms of which must be observed and
followed. No portion of this site may be reproduced or redistributed without prior written permission. Copying, in part or
whole, the text, content, graphics, information or format of this web site constitutes theft and is a violation of copyright © laws.
Designated trademarks and brands are the copyright of their respective owners. It is a violation of law for any individual
to attempt to tamper, damage, destroy, vandalize or interfere with the operation of our website and/or service. AFY will pursue
any such acts and offending parties involved in such acts to the full extent of the law. This site is governed by the State
of Washington and any/all disputes will be arbitrated in Kent, WA or its closest local municipality laws.
Assistance For You P O Box 1774 Kent WA 98035Tell-A-Friend About Our Site Santa Home Page Order From Santa Santa's Products Santa Specials  Santa Letter FAQ Santa's Gift Shop Santa News Contact Santa About Letters From Santa Santa Awards Santa Links Just For Fun Link or Advertise With Letters From Santa Santa Letter Testimonials Guestbook Privacy Policy & Terms of Use Santa Site Map FunLetters Addme.com Bravenet Site Map
All Rights Reserved