https://scarlet-letter.com/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Privacy Policy - We are committed to your privacy.
This site is owned and operated by The Scarlet Letter. Your privacy on the Internet is of the utmost importance to us. At The Scarlet Letter, we want to make your experience online satisfying and safe.
Because we gather certain types of information about our users, we feel you should fully understand our policy and the terms and conditions surrounding the capture and use of that information. This privacy statement discloses what information we gather and how we use it.
Information The Scarlet Letter Gathers and Tracks
The Scarlet Letter gathers two types of information about users:
Information that users provide through optional, voluntary submissions. These are voluntary submissions to receive our electronic newsletters, or to order through our secure online shopping cart.
Information The Scarlet Letter gathers through aggregated tracking information derived mainly by tallying page views throughout our site. This information allows us to better tailor our content to readers' needs. Under no circumstances does The Scarlet Letter divulge any information about an individual user to a third party.
The Scarlet Letter Gathers User Information In The Following Processes:
Optional Voluntary Information
We offer the following free services, which require some type of voluntary submission of personal information by users:
1. Electronic newsletters policy
We offer a free electronic notification to users letting you know when new items have been added to the website. This notification is sent approximately four times per year. The Scarlet Letter gathers the email addresses of users who voluntarily subscribe. Users may remove themselves from this mailing list by following the link provided in every newsletter that points users to the subscription management page.
2. Online Shopping
The Scarlet Letter offers online shopping.  In order to process your order we offer the option of entering your credit card information online using Paypal.  We use the Woo Commerce shopping cart technology in conjunction with WordPress, which processes your orders on a secure server. We never share any of this information about specific individuals with any third party.
Children
Consistent with the Federal Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998, we will never knowingly request personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13 without requesting parental consent.
Usage tracking
The Scarlet Letter tracks user traffic patterns throughout all of our sites. However, we do not correlate this information with data about individual users. The Scarlet Letter does break down overall usage statistics according to a user's domain name, browser type, and MIME type by reading this information from the browser string (information contained in every user's browser).
The Scarlet Letter sometimes tracks and catalogs the search terms that users enter in our Search function, but this tracking is never associated with individual users. We use tracking information to determine which areas of our sites users like and don't like based on traffic to those areas. We do not track what individual users read, but rather how well each page performs overall. This helps us continue to build a better service for you.
Cookies
If you use the online shopping cart, we may place a text file called a "cookie" in the browser files of your computer. The cookie itself does not contain Personal Information although it will enable us to relate your use of this site to information that you have specifically and knowingly provided. But the only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply yourself. A cookie can't read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites. The Scarlet Letter uses cookies to remember the previous page so that it knows where to send the you when you click on the "Continue Shopping" button.
You can refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser. If you've set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies, you will receive the warning message with each cookie. You do not need to have cookies turned on to use this site. However, you do need cookies to use online shopping
Use of Information
The Scarlet Letter uses any information voluntarily given by our users to enhance their experience.
As stated above, we use information that users voluntarily provide in order to send out electronic newsletters and to enable users to shop online securely. The Scarlet Letter never shares newsletter mailing lists with any third parties, including advertisers, sponsors or partners.
When we use tracking information to determine which areas of our sites users like and don't like based on traffic to those areas. We do not track what individual users read, but rather how well each page performs overall. This helps us continue to build a better service for you. We track search terms entered in search function as one of many measures of what interests our users. But we don't track which terms a particular user enters.
Sharing of the Information
The Scarlet Letter will not disclose any information about any individual user except to comply with applicable law or valid legal process or to protect the personal safety of our users or the public.
Security
The Scarlet Letter operates secure data networks protected by industry standard firewall and password protection systems. Our security and privacy policies are periodically reviewed and enhanced as necessary and only authorized individuals have access to the information provided by our customers.
OPT-OUT Policy
We give users options wherever necessary and practical. Such choices include:
Opting not to register to receive our electronic newsletters.
If you are concerned about entering your credit card information, you may print out the order form and mail it to the number on the form. You may also enter your order in the online shopping cart and type the words "WILL CALL" where it asks for your credit card number and expiration date.
Your Consent
By using this site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by The Scarlet Letter. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
Changes to our privacy policy
We may change our privacy policy from time to time. We will always update the privacy policy on our website, so please try to read it when you visit the website.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments regarding this privacy polict, contact us at samplers@scarlet-letter.com
Consistent with the Federal Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998, we will never knowingly request personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13 without requesting parental consent
×