https://scenicsilks.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Skip to Main Content
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy – Scenic Silks
Who Am I?
My website address is: https://scenicsilks.co.uk. I am an independent artist producing hand painted and hand printed scarves and ties for a limited market. I mainly work with textiles but also paint in various mediums. I am a retired teacher living in Wirral, Merseyside and my contact number is 07703813331
What Personal Data do I collect and why?
Subscribing
I collect personal data from site users who subscribe to my newsletter and this consists of  names and email addresses. This data is stored safely by Mailchimp. As a subscriber you have to actively give your permission for data to be stored in this way. I will use your email address to send out a newsletter twice a year containing product, event and studio information. It also enables me to inform on special offers and discounts for products.
You are free to unsubscribe from this service at anytime by following the appropriate link on every newsletter.
Transactions
The plugin ‘Woo Commerce’ stores transactional details on my password protected site that consists of name, email, physical address and item price. I do not use this data for marketing purposes and it is deleted within 14 days of completion. I need this to provide an efficient service and it is only used for the purchase/ booking that is made. This data is also stored safely by PayPal. My PayPal account is protected with two-factor authentication.
When a product (scarf or tie) is dispatched I include a paper invoice in the envelope with name, date and product name. A copy is kept in my invoice book for proof of sale. I also obtain proof of postage at the post office. These receipts are retained for 14 days after you have received the product. (see Terms and Conditions).
Comments
When you fill in a comment form your name and email address are stored in my site. Only your name and comment are visible on the front end. A visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string are recorded to help spam detection.
An anonymised string created from your e-mail address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service Privacy Policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Comments and their metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so any follow up comments can be recognised and approved. You can request that this data be removed.
I do not share or sell data in any way.
This site uses analytics to ensure it is optimised to suit those who are interested in my work and development.
Post Categories (on my blog)Post Categories (on my blog)
Select Category
Acrylics
Art
Art Work
Batik
craft
Dyeing
Events
Exhibition
Materials
Mixed Media
Outlet
pastel
Scarves
Workshop
Testimonials
Hello Barbara, I am pleased to say that the scarf arrived today, really well packaged and gently folded so there is barely a fold in it. I am delighted with it, it is so light and delicate, and I cannot tell you how many websites I looked at looking for the perfect pink that I wanted, before finding this one, just the colour I was trying to match.
Chris
My tie was printed in gorgeous shades of blue and orange on lovely heavy soft silk. Everyone commented on it. I would definitely recommend one of these as a present, or if you are looking for something a little bit different for yourself. Beautiful! Thank-you.
Mike.