https://scent-by-nature.co.uk/acatalog/mobile_privacy.php
Scent by Nature
Home
Store
Account
Search
Information
CLASSIC View
Privacy Notice
PRIVACY NOTICE - GDPR 2018
At Scent by Nature we are committed to safeguarding our customers privacy.
We process personal information about our customers in ways that comply with our legal obligations
as well as being clear about what we do with that information.
The information we collect is limited to your:
*Name*Address*Email address*Telephone numberAny other information
you choose to provide to us.
We do not retain your credit /debit card details after your transaction
has been completed.
We will not sell your data or share it with third parties unless required
to do so for fraud detection and prevention.
Our website may contain links to third party sites we have no control over. In addition,
if you linked to our site from a third party, we cannot be responsible for the privacy policies
of that site.
We use your information for these reasons:
*To process orders and provide agreed goods and services.*For invoicing, processing
payments, account set up and maintenance.*To communicate with you in connection with orders
you have placed or queries you have raised.*To investigate and resolve any complaint you
make.
Your Acceptance:
By using our website or services or setting up an account, you consent to the collection
and use of information by Scent By Nature in accordance with our privacy policy.
Your Rights:
Any personal information submitted is treated in accordance with the Data Protection
Act 1998 and the update of 25th May 2018 to the new GDPR. If you would like to review or revise
information you have previously provided to us, or you have any questions relating to this
Privacy policy, you may do so by contacting us at: sales@scent-by-nature.co.ukYou have
a right to request a copy of all data held and also to request the removal of such data.
CLASSIC - MOBILE View
Copyright © 2020 Scent by NaturePowered by osCommerce
Languages
Currencies