https://schaadfamilyalmonds.com/privacy
Close
About Us
Shop
Cart
Recipes
Forgot password?
Remember me
Privacy Policy
HomePrivacy Policy
20 days ago
by sfaweb_access
0
Your privacy is important to us at Schaad Family Almonds. This privacy policy (“Policy”) applies to the Schaad Family Almonds Web site and purchasing services and tells you how personal information is collected, used, disclosed, and protected by Schaad Family Almonds.
Changes to This Policy
We may change this Policy from time to time. If we make any changes to this Policy, we will change the “last updated” date above. If there are material changes to this Policy, we will notify you more directly. We encourage you to check this Policy whenever you use our Web site, and purchasing services to understand how your personal information is used.
Information Collected
We collect information from you in various ways when you use our Web site. We may also supplement this information with information from other companies. We collect two general types of information, namely personal information and aggregate data. As used in this Policy, the term “personal information” means information that specifically identifies an individual (such as a name and email address), and demographic and other information when directly linked to information that can identify an individual.
The following are the specific types of information we collect from you
Information You Give Us. We collect information you give us on our Web site and when you register for and use our services. Examples include the following: Registration and Profile Information. When you register to use our services or update your profile, we may collect various kinds of information about you including, your name and email address; your title, company and other profile information you provide; demographic information; and information you upload like shipping preferences. Contact Information. We collect the email addresses you provide for contacts you enter or upload into your private contacts page. When you choose to collaborate or share files with others, we also collect email addresses you provide to email invitations to those individuals on your behalf. Payment Information. When you choose to purchase from Schaad Family Almonds, our payment processing vendor (Authorize.net) collects your credit card information and billing address. Automatically Collected Information. We automatically receive certain types of information when you interact with our Web pages, Apps, services and communications. For example, it is standard for your Web browser to automatically send information to every Web site you visit, including ours. That information includes your computer’s IP address, access times, your browser type and language, and referring Web site addresses. We may also collect information about the type of operating system you use, your account activity, and files and pages accessed or used by you. Cookies and Web Beacons. We may also use certain kinds of technology such as cookies and Web beacons to collect information. Among other things, the use of cookies and Web beacons enables us to improve our Web sites and emails by seeing which areas and features are most popular, to count the number of computers accessing our Web site, to personalize and improve your experience, to record your preferences, and to allow you to visit our Web site without re-entering your member ID and/or password. A cookie is a small amount of data which is sent to your browser from a Web site’s computers and stored on your computer’s hard drive. Most browsers automatically accept cookies as the default setting. You can modify your browser setting to reject our cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie by editing your browser options. However, if a browser is set not to accept cookies or if a user rejects a cookie, some portions of the Web site and services may not function properly. For example, you may not be able to sign in and access certain Web page features or services. A Web beacon is an electronic image, also called a “gif,” that may be used on our Web pages to deliver cookies, count visits and compile statistics on usage and campaign effectiveness or in our emails to tell if an email has been opened and acted upon.
Use of Personal Information
In general, we use your personal information to process your requests or transactions, to provide you with information or services you request, to inform you about other information, events, promotions, products or services we think will be of interest to you, to facilitate your use of, and our administration and operation of, the Web site, to otherwise serve you and our users. For example, we may use your personal information:
to request feedback and to enable us to develop, customize and improve the Web site, products and services;
to conduct marketing analysis, to send you surveys or newsletters, to contact you about services, products, activities, special events or offers from Schaad Family Almonds or our partners and for other marketing, informational, product development and promotional purposes;
to send you a welcoming email and to contact you about your use of the Web site and services; to respond to your emails, submissions, comments, requests or complaints; to perform after-sales services; to anticipate and resolve problems with our service; to respond to customer support inquiries, for assistance with our product and service development; and to inform you of updates to products and services from Schaad Family Almonds that better meet your needs; to contact you if you win a contest; and for other purposes about which we notify you.
Schaad Family Almonds may store and process personal information in the United States and other countries.
Sharing of Personal Information
Schaad Family Almonds reserves the right to share aggregated demographic information about our customers, sales, and traffic to our marketing team.
We will not give, sell, rent, share, or trade any of your personal information stored using our services to any third party except as outlined in this Policy or with your consent.
We may disclose information to a third party to (a) comply with laws or respond to lawful requests and legal process, (b) to protect Schaad Family Almonds, agents, customers, and others including to enforce our agreements, policies and terms of use or (c) in the good faith belief that disclosure is needed to respond to an emergency, or protect the personal safety of any person. Schaad Family Almonds may provide you with opportunities to connect with third party applications or services, such as through Social Media outlets and Schaad Family Almonds Ad partners. If you choose to use any such third party applications or services, we may facilitate sharing of your information including your Schaad Family Almonds username and profile information you choose to use with those applications and services and such third parties may contact you directly as necessary. Your use of such applications and services is not governed by Schaad Family Almonds’s terms or privacy policy. Schaad Family Almonds does not control the applications or services of those third parties or how they use your information and documents. Be sure to review the terms and the privacy policies of those third parties before using their applications or services. We may share personal information in connection with an acquisition, merger, or sale of all or a substantial portion of our business, with or to another company. In any such event, you will receive notice if your data is transferred and becomes subject to a substantially different privacy policy.
Network and Information Security. Schaad Family Almonds takes reasonable steps to protect information we collect from you to prevent loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. In addition, highly confidential personal information such as credit card number and password that we request from you on our Web site is protected with encryption, such as Secured Socket Layer (SSL) protocol, during transmission over the Internet. The servers on which information is stored are kept in a controlled environment with limited access. While we take reasonable efforts to guard personal information we knowingly collect directly from you, no security system is impenetrable. In addition, we cannot guarantee that any passively-collected personal information you choose to include in documents you store on our systems are maintained at adequate levels of protection to meet specific needs or obligations you may have relating to that information. Your account information is accessible only through the use of an individual user ID and password. To protect the confidentiality of personal information, you must keep your password confidential and not disclose it to any other person. Please advise us immediately if you believe your password has been misused. In addition, always logout and close your browser when you finish your session. Please note that we will never ask you to disclose your password in an unsolicited phone call or email.
Updating and Accessing Personal Information
If your personal information changes in any way, we invite you to correct or update your information as soon as possible. You can make updates to your profile information by logging into your account on Schaad Family Almonds at any time. You can also request changes or access to your information by emailing info@SchaadFamilyAlmonds.com or call at 1-559-846-9660
Choice/Opt-Out
Schaad Family Almonds may send you communications or data regarding our Web site and services, including but not limited to (i) notices about your use of our Web site and services, including any notices concerning violations of use, (ii) updates, and (iii) promotional information and materials regarding our products and services. You may opt-out of receiving promotional emails from Schaad Family Almonds by following the opt-out instructions provided in those emails. You may also opt-out of receiving promotional emails and other promotional communications from us at any time by emailing info@SchaadFamilyAlmonds.com with your specific request. Opt-out requests will not apply to transactional service messages, such as security alerts and notices about your current account and services.
CartProduct CategoriesAlmond Mix (3)
Almonds (21)
Candied Almonds (7)
Gift Packages (10)
Pistachios (11)
Raw Almonds (7)
Seasoned Almonds (7)
Specialty Items (5)
Uncategorized (0)
Search for:
Product Tagsalmonds
pistachios
raisins
Schaad Family Almonds © 2020 All Rights Reserved