https://scpm.com/privacy.php
Toggle navigation
504.887.0000800.535.9704
BULLION
U.S. CERTIFIED INVENTORY
CURRENCY
ANCIENT COINS CERTIFIED
WORLD CERTIFIED INVENTORY
ESTATE JEWELRY
Cart
Account
Login
504.887.0000  |  CALL TOLL FREE: 800.535.9704
Cart
Account
Login
View Map
Search
Prices updated
every 5 minutes*
Last Updated:
12/11/2020 3:05:02am CST
Spot
Gold:
$1833.75
Spot
Silver:
$23.86
Spot
Platinum:
$1026.44
Spot
Palladium:
$2352.75
LIVE SPOT PRICING
4513 Zenith St. Metairie, LA 70001
Click Here to View Map
Prices updated
every 5 minutes*
Last Updated:
12/11/2020 3:05:02am CST
Spot Gold:  $1833.75
Spot Silver:  $23.86
Spot Platinum:  $1026.44
Spot Palladium:  $2352.75
LIVE SPOT PRICING
BULLION
U.S. CERTIFIED INVENTORY
CURRENCY
ANCIENT COINS CERTIFIED
WORLD CERTIFIED INVENTORY
ESTATE JEWELRY
SCPM: Privacy Statement
Privacy
Southern Coins & Precious Metals (SCPM) has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to your personal privacy rights. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this Web site: www.SCPM.com
This privacy statement reflects Southern Coins & Precious Metal's current practices and will be updated as necessary to reflect future changes.
Southern Coins & Precious Metals Privacy Philosophy
We recognize that the tremendous benefits afforded to Internet users are vastly reduced if the individual's privacy is compromised through the misuse of personal information. Therefore, Southern Coins & Precious Metals is committed to ensuring that you are in control of how your personal information is collected and how it is used.
Our philosophy is based on the assumption that any personal information that we receive through this site will be collected through an explicit opt-in process in which you, the user, explicitly grant us the right to collect that information for clearly identified purposes. We are committed to maintaining your right to remove your personal information from our records at any time through an easily exercised opt-out process.
Additional information about Internet-related personal privacy issues is available from the Federal Trade Commission at: http://www.ftc.gov/privacy/
Information Collection & Use
Southern Coins & Precious Metals collects and maintains your personal information in the following ways: name, company name, address, phone number, fax number, company URL, e-mail address and comments may be collected when you request to download content or choose to contact us via the inquiry form on our website. This information is used to follow up with your inquiry, notify you of future content that may be of interest to you and allow us to create new content that is most relevant to you. Your personal contact information is collected when you contact us via the address, phone/fax numbers or e-mail addresses listed on this site. We use this information to follow up with you on your individual requests.
Cookies
Cookies are small pieces of information written to a file on your computer by a Web server. Cookies are typically employed by Web site designers to improve the user's experience on the site. Southern Coins & Precious Metals currently use cookies on this site within our secure shopping to allow the creation of personal accounts. It is our intent that this site will always continue to function properly for anyone choosing to reject the use of cookies.
More detailed information about cookies can be found at Cookie Central: http://www.cookiecentral.com/
Security
Southern Coins & Precious Metals has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. Based on industry standard best practices, these security measures protect you from unauthorized access of the personal information that you have chosen to share with us. We will never share your personal information with third parties unless you have given us explicit permission to do so.
Log Files
We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track users' movements, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to any personally identifiable information.
Linked Websites
Southern Coins & Precious Metals has no control over the privacy policies of other sites; however, we may include links to such within this site. We encourage you to review the posted privacy policies of these sites where available. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
For Parents
Southern Coins & Precious Metals never knowingly collects personal information from children. If we ever become aware that we have personal information on a child we will delete it immediately. Southern Coins & Precious Metal encourages parents to go online with their children. Information that can help parents to teach their children to use the Internet safely can be found at the Internet Safety Site: http://www.safekids.com/index.html
Managing your Personal Information
Southern Coins & Precious Metals is committed to providing you with full control of your personal information under our control.
Changes to your personal information (such as a change to your e-mail address), requests to delete some portion of the data that we have collected from you, or discontinuance of a service (such as a newsletter) can be managed by contacting Southern Coins & Precious Metals as described below.
Opting-out, the process of requesting that Southern Coins & Precious Metals remove all your personal information from our systems, can also be accomplished as described below. This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided, opting-out or contacting Southern Coins & Precious Metals concerning our Privacy Policy:
1.E-mail: privacy@scpm.com
2.Send a letter to the following postal address:
Southern Coins & Precious Metals
4513 Zenith St.
Metairie, LA 70001
Policy Updates
Changes to our privacy policy will be posted here and via email to users who have elected to opt-in. We intend that you will always be aware of the kinds of information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. Users will always have a choice regarding our allowance to use personal information.
Last update: May 26, 2004 Legal
© Copyright Southern Coins & Precious Metals 2002. All Rights Reserved.
About SCPM
· Company History
· Affiliations
· Selling to Us
· Rare Coin Valuation
· Consumer Protection
· Having the Advantage
Customer Service
· Inquiries
· Privacy
· Join our Email List
· My Shopping Cart
· Site Map
What We Offer You!
· Current Cert. Currency
· Certified US Gold
· Raw US Gold
· Cert. Morgan Dollar Sets
· Gold & Silver Bullion
· Currency
· Vault Specials
· Finest Rarities
Our Location
4513 Zenith St. Metairie, LA 70001 - View Map
504.887.0000    |    CALL TOLL FREE: 800.535.9704
FAX: 504.887.0071    |    Email Us
*All prices shown are intended to be reference points and are not intended to be contractual agreements.
Please call 1-800-535-9704 to have your price locked in. All bullion payments must be by wire or overnight check. No exceptions.