http://sea-yu.com/policies/privacy-policy
Surface Cleaning
Odor & Stain Remover
Home
Pet
Cleaning Tools
Fridge Odor Remover
Log in
Search
Contact
877-854-6624
cs@becleanandgreen.com
Facebook
Instagram
Privacy policy
The Clean+Green Company® Online Privacy Policy
This document sets forth the The Clean+Green Company Online Privacy Policy (the "Privacy Policy") for this Web site, www.becleanandgreen.com (the "Site"). If you have objections to the Privacy Policy, you should not access or use this Site.
Changes in Privacy Policy
All "personal information" ("personal information"), defined as any information that identifies or can be used to identify, contact, or locate the person to whom such information pertains (for example, names, physical address, telephone numbers and e-mail addresses), that we collect and maintain will be subject to the version of the Privacy Policy in effect at the time of such collection. The Clean+Green Company reserves the right to change the Privacy Policy from time to time at its sole discretion. Please check the Privacy Policy to view any changes.
Entities collecting personal information
Personal information on this Site is collected by The Clean+Green Company. The Site may contain links to other sites at which personal information is collected. In such instances, unless expressly provided to the contrary, the collection and use of your personal information will be governed by the privacy policy applicable to that site. That privacy policy should identify the entity that is collecting your personal information.
Collection of personal information
As a visitor to this Site, you can engage in many activities without providing any personal information. In connection with other activities, such as ordering product offered on the Site, The Clean+Green Company may ask you to provide certain information about yourself by filling out and submitting an online form. It is completely optional for you to engage in these activities. If you elect to engage in these activities, however, The Clean+Green Company may ask that you provide us personal information, such as your first and last name, mailing address (including ZIP code), e-mail address, employer, job title and department, telephone and facsimile numbers, and other personal information. When ordering products or services on the Site, you may be asked to provide a credit card number. Depending upon the activity, some of the information that we ask you to provide is identified as mandatory and some as voluntary. If you do not provide the mandatory data with respect to a particular activity, you will not be able to engage in that activity. When you use the Site, The Clean+Green Company or third parties authorized by The Clean+Green Company may also collect certain technical and routing information about your computer to facilitate your use of the Site and its services. For example, we may log environmental variables, such as browser type, operating system, CPU speed, and the Internet Protocol ("IP") address of your computer. We use these environmental variables to facilitate and track your use of the Site and its services. The Clean+Green Company also uses such environmental variables to measure traffic patterns on the Site. Without expressly informing you in each particular circumstance, we do not match such information with any of your personal information. When you submit personal information to The Clean+Green Company through this Site, you understand and agree that this information may be transferred across national boundaries and may be stored and processed in any of the countries in which The Clean+Green Company and its affiliates and subsidiaries maintain offices, including, without limitation, the United States. You also acknowledge that in certain countries or with respect to certain activities, the collection, transferring, storage, and processing of your information may be undertaken by trusted vendors of The Clean+Green Company. Such vendors are bound by contract not to use your personal information for their own purposes or provide it to any third parties. One instance where this could occur is in conjunction with framed pages in which the URL for the pages is not visible and the pages are being hosted by a vendor of The Clean+Green Company. The Clean+Green Company has established relationships with various service providers whose services are available to you from this Site or from Web sites that are linked to this Site. Typically, these providers offer services that The Clean+Green Company customers might find useful, such as those that can be used in conjunction with The Clean+Green Company services and products. In order to use those services, you may be required to provide personal information to the providers. Unless expressly provided to the contrary, personal information that you provide while you are visiting a provider's Web site will be subject to the privacy policy posted on such site, and personal information that you provide while on this Site in conjunction with a provider's service will be subject to this Privacy Policy. You should be aware that our agreements with these service providers often provide that they will share with The Clean+Green Company personal information collected from you. In such instances, The Clean+Green Company may use this information in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy. In the situation where sites have a The Clean+Green Company "look and feel," and you reasonably believe you are on a The Clean+Green Company site, the site is collecting information in a solely intermediary capacity and does not use personal information for secondary purposes.
How your personal information is used
The Clean+Green Company collects your information in order to record and support your participation in the activities you select. If you sign up for any of our special offers or programs, information is collected to fulfill the special offer. Your personal information is also used to keep you informed about product upgrades, special offers, and other products and services of The Clean+Green Company and selected third parties if you have so opted to receive such communications. The Clean+Green Company does not provide your personal information to third parties for direct marketing purposes. The Clean+Green Company may collect information about the use of the Site; such as the types of products purchased and how many users we receive daily. This information is collected in aggregate form, without identifying any user individually. The Clean+Green Company may use this aggregate, non-identifying statistical data for statistical analysis, marketing, or similar promotional purposes.
Your choices with respect to personal information
The Clean+Green Company recognizes and appreciates the importance of responsible use of information collected on this Site. Without your consent, The Clean+Green Company will not communicate any information to you regarding products, services, and special offers available from The Clean+Green Company, although we may find it necessary to communicate with you regarding your use of the services on this Site. Except in the particular circumstances described in this Privacy Policy, The Clean+Green Company will also not provide your personal information to other companies or organizations without your consent. There are other instances in which The Clean+Green Company may divulge your personal information. The Clean+Green Company may provide your personal information if necessary, in The Clean+Green Company’s good faith judgment, to comply with laws or regulations of a governmental or regulatory body or in response to a valid subpoena, warrant, or order or to protect the rights of The Clean+Green Company or others.
Protection of your personal information
Personal information that you provide resides on a secure server and is only accessible to selected The Clean+Green Company personnel and contractors on a need to know basis, via password. Since this information is not accessible by you, you will not be asked to select a password in order to view or modify such information. Please note that any information you post to a review bulletin board or chat room, such as the The Clean+Green Company Product Reviews, is available to all persons accessing that location.
Use of cookies
When you visit this Site, you can browse the Site and access important information without revealing your identity. In order to improve our Site, we use "cookies" to track your visit. A cookie is a small amount of data that is transferred to your browser by a Web server and can only be read by the server that gave it to you. It functions as your identification card, and enables The Clean+Green Company to record your purchases. It cannot be executed as code or deliver viruses. Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it. (For some Web pages that require an authorization, cookies are not optional. Users choosing not to accept cookies will probably not be able to access those pages.) While The Clean+Green Company uses cookies to track your visit to sea-yu.com, and our Web servers automatically log the IP/Internet address of your computer, The Clean+Green Company does not use this information to identify you personally.
Privacy-related inquiries and complaints
The Clean+Green Company takes its users' privacy concerns seriously. If you believe that The Clean+Green Company has not complied with this Privacy Policy with respect to your personal information or you wish to review your personal information and request changes, or have other related inquiries or concerns, you may write to the The Clean+Green Company at the address indicated below. In your letter or e-mail, please describe in as much detail as possible the nature of your inquiry or the ways in which you believe that the The Clean+Green Company Online Privacy Policy has not been complied with. The Clean+Green Company reserves the right to verify your identity or your authority to review personal information prior to releasing any personal information.
This Privacy Policy Statement is Effective as of December 2016.
The Clean+Green Company 236 West Portal Ave #399 San Francisco, CA 94127-1423 Phone: (415) 566-9677 E-Mail: cs@becleanandgreencompany.com
Newsletter
Join our newsletter and be the first to know about exclusive discounts.
Close (esc)
Clean+Green Newsletter
Join our newsletter and be the first to know about exclusive discounts.
Age verification
By clicking enter you are verifying that you are old enough to consume alcohol.
Enter
Search
Search
Main menu
Home
About Us
Shopping Cart
Your cart is currently empty.
Shop now