https://seacoast.com/terms-privacy.php
Working...
HELP
FREE SHIPPING
Get Seacoast Direct
Women's Multi
Men's Multi
Vit. C
All Natural
Sports
Vit. D
Kids Vits.
Energy
BROWSE ALL
Categories
Aromatherapy
My Account
Reorder
Shopping Cart
Help
Shipping & Returns Policy
FREE SHIPPING
ASK FOR A CONSULTATION
BRANDS
What information do we collect? We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey, fill out a form or join Seacoast Vitamins-Direct.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site.
Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.What do we use your information for? Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways: • To personalize your experience(your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)• To improve our website(we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)• To improve customer service(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)• To process transactions
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
• To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature• To send periodic emails
The email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.How do we protect your information? We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Database to be only accessed by those authorized with special access rights to our systems, and are required toï¿½keep the information confidential. After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will be kept on file for more than 60 days in order to fulfill future orders. At your request, your credit card information will be fully and permanently deleted from our secure database..Do we use cookies? Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information We use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart, understand and save your preferences for future visits, keep track of advertisements and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.If you prefer, you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies via your browser settings. Like most websites, if you turn your cookies off, some of our services may not function properly. However, you can still place orders over the telephone or by contacting customer service.Do we disclose any information to outside parties? We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.California Online Privacy Protection Act ComplianceBecause we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.As part of the California Online Privacy Protection Act, all users of our site may make any changes to their information at anytime by logging into their account manager using the "sign in" link in the top right hand corner of the website.Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.Terms and Conditions Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at https://seacoast.com/terms.phpYour Consent By using our site, you consent to our websites privacy policy.Changes to our Privacy Policy If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below. This policy was last modified on 9/29/2009Contacting Us If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below. https://www.seacoast.com/1425 Broadway Ave #20-1536Seattle, WA 98122USAorders@seacoastvitamins.com
1. Statements and claims on Seacoast.com have not been evaluated by the FDA and are not intended to treat or diagnose any ailment or disease.
What interests you?
Sandalwood Soap Bee & Flower Blood Builder (90 tabs)* MegaFood Resveratrol (250 mg-60 capsules)* ReserveAge Organics Wobenzym N (400 Tabs)* Mucos Pharma Leg Veins (120 Vcaps)* Nature's Way Organic Wheat Grass Juice Powder (150 gr)* The Synergy Company Pectasol-C Modified Citrus Pectin | From Fruit Peel to Cancer Fighter PectaSol-C Modified Citrus Pectin is the most effective product available for comprehensive, natural cellular health support. Dr. Isaac Eliaz, founder Econugenics.
Zyflamend | New Chapter Zyflamend Side Effects Zyflamend Bonus Pack
Resveratrol (500 mg-60 capsules)* ReserveAge Organics Estroven Maximum Strength Plus Energy (28 caplets) Amerifit Biotivia | Transmax |Potent Resveratrol Supplements Biotivia Transmax rated best resveratrol supplement by Men's Health Magazine. On Sale. Lowest Price. Too Low to be advertised. orders@seacoastvitamins.com contact us today!
Cellfood Essential Silica (4 oz)* Lumina Health Cascara Sagrada Bark (450 mg 100 Caps) Nature's Herbs NopaVera Nopal Cactus Extract (2 oz) Essential Source L-Glutathione Reduced Setria 500 mg (60 caps) Healthy Origins Acid A Cal (100 caps) Enzymatic Therapy Active Ubiquinol CoQ10 w/ Resveratrol (60 capsules)* ReserveAge Organics Iberogast | Digestive Relief with Iberis Amara | Clown’s Mustard Iberogast Original Formula Every Day Lowest Price 40% Discount Seacoast Vitamins Direct Price.
Iodoral IOD-50 (30 Tablets) Optimox Corporation ATP Cofactors (90 tablets) Optimox Corporation Vitamineral GREEN Capsules Version 5.3(400 v-caps)* HealthForce Nutritionals Skin Restoring Phytoceramides with Lipowheat (30 veggie liquid caps)* Life Extension Sinucare (30 soft gels) Terry Naturally ProEFA Liquid (8 fl.oz)* Nordic Naturals Ideal Bowel Support 299v (30 vcaps) Jarrow Formulas Homocysteine Metabolite Formula (90 Vcaps) NutriCology