http://seatsandchairs.com/privacy
Welcome to SeatsAndChairs.com
My Account
Register
Login
Wish List (0)
Checkout
Categories
(0)
Your quote request is empty!
Menu
Home
New Movie Theater Chairs
Used Movie Theater Chairs
Commercial Grade Power Movie Theater Recliner
Leather Seating
Classic Theater Seating
Accessories
Specials
Stackable Chairs
Privacy Policy
New Movie Theater Chairs
Used Movie Theater Chairs
Commercial Grade Power Movie Theater Recliner
Leather Seating
Classic Theater Seating
Accessories
Specials
Stackable Chairs
Privacy Policy
Safe, Secure and Private
Online privacy is a constantly evolving landscape and SeatsAndChairs.com, Inc. plans to take all responsible efforts to maintain up-to-date and effective online privacy standards and practices. Your safety, security and privacy are fully protected when you shop with us. Feel secure that any information we collect will be used for order purposes only. We do not sell, distribute, or use your information for any purposes other than customer order contact. You may contact us at info@seatsandchairs.com with any questions or concerns that you may have.
We at SeatsAndChairs.com, Inc. ("SAC") are committed to respecting your online privacy and recognize your need for appropriate protection and management of any personally identifiable information you share with us. We have established this Privacy Policy so that you can understand the care with which we intend to treat your personal information. This privacy policy is available on our About Us page and at the bottom of every SAC Web page.
Keeping your Personal Information Secure
SAC takes seriously the trust you place in us. To prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, to maintain data accuracy, and to ensure the appropriate use of the information, SAC utilizes appropriate physical, technical and administrative procedures to safeguard the information we collect.
We use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption when collecting or transferring sensitive information such as credit card information. SSL encryption is designed to make the information unreadable by anyone but us. This security measure is working when you see the symbol of either an unbroken key or a closed lock (depending on your browser) at the bottom of your browser window.
Credit card numbers are used only for processing payments and are not used for other purposes. As part of real-time payment processing, SAC subscribes to a fraud management service. This service gives you and SAC an extra level of security to guard against credit card fraud and to protect your financial data.
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
Some of our Web pages utilize "cookies" and other tracking technologies. A "cookie" is a small text file that may be used, for example, to collect information about Web site activity. Some cookies and other technologies may serve to recall personal information previously indicated by a Web user. Most browsers allow you to control cookies, including whether or not to accept them and how to remove them.
You may set most browsers to notify you if you receive a cookie, or you may choose to block cookies with your browser, but please note that if you choose to erase or block your cookies, you will need to re-enter your original user ID and password to gain access to certain parts of the Web site.
Tracking technologies may record information such as Internet domain and host names; Internet protocol (IP) addresses; browser software and operating system types; click stream patterns; and dates and times that our site is accessed. Our use of cookies and other tracking technologies allows us to improve our Web site and your Web experience. We may also analyze information that does not contain personal information for trends and statistics.
To protect your privacy, we have adopted the following principles:
How We Use Your Information
The information SAC collects to understand your needs and interests helps SAC deliver a consistent and personalized experience. For example, SAC may use your information to
assist you in completing a transaction or order;
communicate with you about products and services;
provide service and support;
update you on new products and services;
provide personalized promotional offers;
select content to be communicated to you;
personalize some SAC websites;
allow you to participate in contests and surveys; and
contact you for market research regarding SAC products or services.
Credit card information is used only for payment processing and fraud prevention. Credit card information and other sensitive personal information required to process a credit decision is not used for any other purpose by our financial services providers or SAC and will be kept for providing the services.
Notice
Where SAC collects Personal information on the web, we intend to use your Personal information for order purposes only and we do not to share such Personal information outside of SAC or those working on SAC's behalf. SAC does not intend to transfer Personal information without your consent to third parties who are not bound to act on SAC's behalf unless such transfer is legally required.
Security
Wherever your personal information may be held within SAC or on its behalf, we intend to take reasonable and appropriate steps to protect the personal information that you share with us from unauthorized access or disclosure.
Accuracy
To the extent that you do provide us with personal information, SAC wishes to maintain accurate personal information. Where we collect personal information from you on the Web, our goal is to provide a means of contacting SAC should you need to update or correct that information. If for any reason those means are unavailable or inaccessible, you may send updates and corrections about your personal information to info@seatsandchairs.com and we will make reasonable efforts to incorporate the changes in your personal information that we hold as soon as practicable.
Third Party Services
Third parties provide certain services available on SeatsAndChairs.com on SAC's behalf. SAC will not provide personal information that SAC collects on the Web to third-party service providers. Service providers are an important means by which SAC maintains its Web site. SAC will take reasonable steps to ensure that these third-party service providers are obligated to protect personal information on SAC's behalf.
SAC does not intend to transfer personal information without your consent to third parties who are not bound to act on SAC's behalf unless such transfer is legally required. Similarly, it is against SAC's policy to sell personal information collected online without consent.
Children's Privacy
SeatsAndChairs.com does not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13 and does not target its websites to children under 13. We encourage parents and guardians to take an active role in their children's online activities and interests.
Commitment
We are committed to privacy and are actively involved in and support current industry initiatives to preserve individual privacy rights on the Internet. Protecting your privacy online is an evolving area, and SAC's Web sites are constantly evolving to meet these demands.
Links to Non-SAC Websites
The SAC website may provide links to third-party websites for your convenience and information. If you access those links, you will leave the SAC website. SAC does not control those sites or their privacy practices, which may differ from SAC's practices. We do not endorse or make any representations about third-party websites. The personal data you choose to provide to or that is collected by these third parties is not covered by the SAC Privacy Statement. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of any company before submitting your personal information.
If you have any comments or questions regarding our Privacy Policy, please contact us at info@seatsandchairs.com. While we cannot guarantee privacy perfection, we will address any issue to the best of our abilities as soon as possible.
Your Consent
By using this Web site, you consent to the terms of our Privacy Policy and to SAC's processing of personal information for the purposes given above as well as those explained where SAC collects personal information on the Web. Should the Privacy Policy change, we intend to take every reasonable step to ensure that these changes are brought to your attention by posting all changes prominently on our web site for a reasonable period of time.
Contacting Us
We value your opinions. If you have comments or questions about our privacy statement, please send them to the sean@seatsandchairs.com or write to us at the following address:
SeatsAndChairs.com
6029 Luce Box 51
Alto, MI 49302
USA
Rev. November 2008
With thousands of new and used theater seating options in stock, we have the perfect fit for your needs and budget. Our chairs are designed to be comfortable and long-lasting, to give you that authentic theater experience every time!
Website By Just Smart Guys
© 2019 SeatsAndChairs.com