https://seaweedorganics.co.uk/privacy
Menu
Search
My Account
Cart
You have no items in your shopping cart.
Search:
Search
My Account
Log In
Seaweed Organics - Scottish Seaweed Skincare
Menu
Seaweed OrganicsFaceBodyScottish BotanicalsGiftsDiana Drummond
Privacy Policy
About Us
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Diana Drummond Ltd Privacy Policy The New General Data Protection Regulations coming into force on 25th May 2018 have led us to formalise our privacy and data use policy. 1. We gather only enough information from you the customer - Name, address, email, telephone number, card details – to enable us to complete your order or respond to your query. 2. We only store what is necessary to let you know of any offers we are putting on, or new products we think you might like to try, or other significant changes to our operation. 3. This means we do not retain any financial information e.g. card details etc that are entered during the payment process. 4. If you wish to have your details removed or amended please use your password protected access to our website to change or delete your details or email us and ask us to do it for you. 5. If your contact with us has been by telephone or in writing only , ie not online, these records are held on a database only we can access. If you wish these details amended or deleted please contact us by phone or in writing. 6. We will not share any of your information with any third party. 7. We will ensure that your data is kept securely at all times.
Site Map
Advanced Search
Orders and Returns
Contact Us
About Us
Customer Service
Organic Seaweed Skincare from Scotland
INFORMATION
Our Story
Our Philosophy
Seaweed Benefits
Manufacturing Process
Shipping & Delivery
CONTACT US
Call Us(+44) 01389 841 516
info@seaweedorganics.co.uksales@seaweedorganics.co.uk
SOCIAL
Facebook
Twitter
Newsletter
Subscribe
© 2019 Diana Drummond Ltd.
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
Find out more here.
x