http://secure.soapmaking.com/privacy.php
-
Soapmaking
- Our Herbal Soaps
- Primal Elements
-
- Cali Cosmetics
-
- Common Sense
-
SoapMaking.com
2497 San Diego Ave.
San Diego, CA 92110
Tel. (800) 390-9969
E-Mail
Soapmaking.com Privacy Policy
Soapmaking.com Privacy Policy
Our policy is to disclose to you our information gathering and
dissemination practices so that you may make informed decisions
with respect to the disclosure of your personal information.
What Information We Collect
In using the Soapmaking.com web site ("Site"), you may
be asked to provide us with various information. For example, when
you register
for newsletters or place orders at our site, you will be asked
to provide your name, mailing address, phone number, e-mail, site
visitor emails, as well as certain other information. In addition,
when you browse our Site or use our services, the choices you make
may provide information concerning your interests or site visitors'
areas of focus.
How We Use Information
We use the information you provide us to process requests and for
other purposes specific to activity at our Site or use of the services
provided.
We will not send you unsolicited E-mail nor will we sell
your information to third parties.
Cookies
Your Internet web browser has a feature called "cookies." Cookies
allow us to recognize you while you are at our site. We use one
cookie to simplify the site software and ensure that only you can
edit your information. If you disable cookies, you will be unable
to use the site.
Exceptions
There are two important exceptions to our privacy policy. First,
we reserve the right to release or use personal information in
connection with legal proceedings or in response to a subpoena
or court order. Second, our policy only applies to information
you provide to us. You may provide information to third parties
if, for example, you click on third party advertising or a link
to a third party site. We cannot be responsible for the conduct
of these third parties. They may have policies concerning privacy
and the use of cookies that differ substantially from ours. You
may receive unsolicited messages from these third parties, or from
others, due to this conduct.
Third Part Cookies
In the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third-party
advertiser may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser.
Your Consent
By using our Site, you consent to our collection and use of information
in accordance with this privacy policy. We may in the future decide
to change this privacy policy. If we decide to change our privacy
policy, we will post the change on this page so that you may always
be aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and the
circumstances under which we disclose it.
Questions
If you have any questions about our privacy policy, please write
or e-mail us at the following address:
Soapmaking.com
1400 N. Johnson Ave. STE 105
El Cajon, CA 92020
Email: E-Mail
The New Fall/Winter Soaps are Here Now!
The
Herbal Soapmaking Kit The Original!
Ye Olde Soap
Shoppe
2497 San Diego Ave.
San Diego, CA 92110
(619) 543-1300
In Historic Old Town
Map/Directions
store front  products  soapmaking.com  privacy
policy  shipping 
contact
Copyright © Internet Specialties LLC All rights reserved.