https://sendomatic.com/blog/privacy
Privacy
Sendo is serious about protecting your privacy.
Absolutely:
NO email sharing or selling!
NO advertising.
NO spam!
Sendo, Inc. has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website: SENDOMATIC.COM
Sendo, Inc. adheres to the highest standards of ethical practices in all of our operations and is dedicated to protecting the privacy of all visitors to Sendo Invitations. We have developed our Privacy Practices from guidelines established by the American Association of Advertising Agencies and the Association of National Advertisers.
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site. Your IP address is used to gather broad demographic information. We use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests.
Our site’s registration form requires users to give us contact information (like their name and email address), unique identifiers (like a password), and demographic information (like their zip code, age, or gender). We use customer contact information from the registration form to send the user information about our company. The customer’s contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below. Unique identifiers (such as passwords) are collected to verify the user’s identity. Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site. We use this data to tailor the visitor’s experience at our site, showing them content that we think they might be interested in, and displaying the content according to their preferences.
This site contains links to other sites. Sendo, Inc. is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites.
The names and emails of a user’s guests/recipients are used solely for the purpose of sending out invitations or announcements. Their information is stored in a user’s “My Accout” address book for convenience. Their information is not used by Sendo Invitations nor is it shared with 3rd parties.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. Sendo, Inc. has taken steps to ensure information received from our online visitors is secure from unauthorized access and use. Information obtained is protected by our security measures, which are constantly reviewed and updated. However, no security system is infallible and each user should take precautionary steps with their personal information. Do not give out your password to others and only send your event URL to people that you want looking at your event information.
We use the information we collect on the site to make your experience as pleasant as possible and to enhance your overall experience. We do not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to anyone.
Sendo, Inc. employees are aware of our commitment to your privacy and make every effort possible to be sensitive to you and your guest’s information.
What choices are available to you regarding collection, use and distribution of the information
Our opt-out policy is that you may opt out of any use by us of information you have provided to us. Our delete/deactivate policy is the same as our opt-out policy – if you want to be removed from our customer roster, mailing list or other databases, just let us know.
If you would like to opt-out of any use of your personally identifiable information by us, or be removed from this site’s database, please contact us.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in this information
Our change and update policy is simple – you simply tell us what the correct information is, and we’ll update our membership or other relevant records.If you would like to correct and/or update your personally identifiable information, please contact us.
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, please contact us.