https://sensiseeds.com/en/info/legal/terms-of-service/
Skip to content
HomeTerms of Service Terms of ServiceCustomers are advised to carefully read these conditions of use before using the Sensi Seeds webshop and blog.Placing an orderSensi Seeds specializes in the trade of medicinal cannabis seeds.Importing, stocking and supplying cannabis seed is exempted from regulation under the 1961 U.N. Single Convention on narcotic drugs and affiliated international treaties. In countries such as the Netherlands, freedom to trade cannabis seeds is clearly incorporated in the national Opium or Narcotics Act legislation. The Sensi Seeds conditions of use reflect this freedom.Warning! Unfortunately, regulation and implementation of legislation in respect of cannabis seeds and their conditions of use often differs from country to country. For this reason Sensi Seeds strongly advises all customers, as a matter of great importance, to make inquiries about the regulations to which they are subject.In a number of countries, the trade of cannabis seeds does not require a permit. In other countries, an exemption can sometimes be obtained for the industrial, medical and agricultural applications of hemp and cannabis seed. However, a notification requirement is sometimes imposed in the event that hemp and cannabis seed is imported or exported for these purposes. If the notification requirement is applicable, customers should in good time inform Sensi Seeds, the authorities, or both. Some nations prohibit the growing of cannabis plants for industrial, recreational and medicinal use. Principally, Sensi Seeds believes that the relief from pain and suffering offered by medicinal cannabis has been unquestionably and repeatedly proven, and is more important than any unclear local legislation. Sensi Seeds upholds an obligation under universal law to help people who suffer. However, this sometimes creates a situation of conflict between local law, international law and moral obligation. Sensi Seeds will not violate or interfere with the legislation of any country that forbids the import and export of cannabis seeds.Sensi Seeds sells cannabis seeds on the condition that they will not be used by others in conflict with applicable local and international laws. Sensi Seeds does not wish to induce anyone to act in conflict with the law, and cannot be held responsible for anyone using Sensi products to do so. The company expressly states that all customers who purchase cannabis seeds from Sensi Seeds are responsible for their own actions in the future. Sensi Seeds will accept no responsibility in this respect. Sensi Seeds does not accept any product liability.All Sensi Seeds customers are required to comply with the following conditions of use:Customers are prohibited from distributing Sensi Seeds cannabis seeds to countries where possession of and/or trafficking in cannabis seeds is illegal. Using our seeds for large-scale or professional growing operations is prohibited. Sensi Seeds has never given others permission to distribute Sensi Seeds cannabis seeds to, or within, countries where trade of hemp and/or cannabis seed is illegal. However, there seem to be businesses stating they can deliver Sensi Seeds cannabis seeds anywhere in the world. The company strongly requests all serious customers to refrain from ordering Sensi Seeds cannabis seeds from these businesses. Please note: customers must be at least 18 years old to order Sensi Seeds cannabis seeds!Warning: Imitation Sensi Seeds cannabis seedsSensi Seeds sells f1 hybrid cannabis seed strains only. There seem to be shops selling impure unstable strains (hybrids from hybrids) of inferior quality, or even birdseed, under Sensi Seeds brand names. Sensi Seeds takes steps to counter these practices but cannot completely prevent them at all times. The company encourages retailers of Sensi Seeds cannabis seeds to follow the recommended retail prices set by Sensi Seeds. The authenticity of Sensi Seeds cannabis seeds on offer for prices other than those specified on this website or on official Sensi Seeds catalogues are therefore questionable. If in doubt, please contact the Customer Service team. Sensi Seeds does not accept any product liability. Prices are subject to change without notice. The Sensi Seeds trading conditions are officially registered at the Chamber of Commerce in Amsterdam, Netherlands under no. 24161430Oudezijds Achterburgwal 131, 1012 DE, AmsterdamSensi Seed BV, Oudezijds Achterburgwal 131, 1012 DE, Amsterdam, The NetherlandsP.O. Box 10952, 1001 EZ, Amsterdaminfo@sensiseeds.comwww.sensiseeds.comCh. of Comm. no. : 24191871The Sensi Seeds blogThe views expressed in the posts should be understood as the personal opinions of the author.Comment policySensi Seeds reserves the right to edit, remove, and post comments at its discretion. Spam, abusive comments, and comments endorsing commercial products or services will not be posted. Comments related to buying, selling, or exchanging drugs (including cannabis) are not permitted and will be deleted. Sensi Seeds reserves the right to remove links and contact details from comments before posting them. Participants on this blog are fully responsible for everything that they submit in their comments, and all posted comments are in the public domain. By posting comments on the Sensi Seeds blog, you agree that Sensi Seeds may email you in the event that this is considered appropriate or necessary. However, it is not standard practice for commenters to be notified when their comments have been posted, edited, deleted or replied to, so you are advised to check back frequently. Answering technical questions, growing questions, and questions about orders is outside the scope of this blog, apart from the existing FAQ list. Please consult the FAQ to see if the question is already covered. For information about individual orders that is not covered by the FAQ, please email info@sensiseeds.com quoting your 12 digit order number.Linking policyThis blog may contain external links to other sites. Sensi Seeds does not control or guarantee the accuracy, relevance, timeliness, or completeness of information on other websites. Links to particular items in hypertext are not intended as endorsements of any views expressed, products or services offered on outside sites, or the organizations sponsoring those sites.
NL_Pop-up_Sensi Seeds Special Promotions× Scroll to Top