https://sentimentalstitches.net/required-statements/privacy-policy/
Sentimental Stitches
Where Today's Quilters Create Tomorrow's Heirlooms
Home
Online Store
ebay auctions
Zazzle Store
Free Patterns
Members Only
FAQ
Sign Up
Contact
Subscribe to RSS
Privacy Policy
Advertisements:
Privacy Policy for sentimentalstitches.com and sentimentalstitches.net
The privacy of our visitors to sentimentalstitches.com is important to us.
At sentimentalstitches.com, we recognize that privacy of your personal information is important. Here is information on what types of personal information we receive and collect when you use and visit sentimentalstitches.com, and how we safeguard your information.
We never sell your personal information to third parties.
Log Files
As with most other websites, we collect and use the data contained in log files.
The information in the log files include
your IP (internet protocol) address, your ISP (internet service provider, such as AOL or Shaw Cable), the browser you used to visit our site (such as Internet Explorer or Firefox), the time you visited our site and which pages you visited throughout our site.
Cookies and Web Beacons
We do use cookies to store information, such as your personal preferences when you visit our site.
This could include only showing you a popup once in your visit, or the ability to login to some of our features, such as forums.
We also use third party advertisements on sentimentalstitches.com to support our site.
Some of these advertisers may use technology such as cookies and web beacons when they advertise on our site, which will also send these advertisers (such as Google through the Google AdSense program) information including your IP address, your ISP , the browser you used to visit our site, and in some cases, whether you have Flash installed.
This is generally used for geotargeting purposes (showing New York real estate ads to someone in New York, for example) or showing certain ads based on specific sites visited (such as showing cooking ads to someone who frequents cooking sites).
DoubleClick DART cookies
We also may use DART cookies for ad serving through Google’s DoubleClick, which places a cookie on your computer when you are browsing the web and visit a site using DoubleClick advertising (including some Google AdSense advertisements).
This cookie is used to serve ads specific to you and your interests (”interest based targeting”).
The ads served will be targeted based on your previous browsing history (For example, if you have been viewing sites about visiting Las Vegas, you may see Las Vegas hotel advertisements when viewing a non-related site, such as on a site about hockey).
DART uses “non personally identifiable information”.
It does NOT track personal information about you, such as your name, email address, physical address, telephone number, social security numbers, bank account numbers or credit card numbers.
You can opt-out of this ad serving on all sites using this advertising by visiting http://www.doubleclick.com/privacy/dart_adserving.aspx
You can choose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third-party cookies in your browser settings, or by managing preferences in programs such as Norton Internet Security.
However, this can affect how you are able to interact with our site as well as other websites.
This could include the inability to login to services or programs, such as logging into forums or accounts.
Deleting cookies does not mean you are permanently opted out of any advertising program.
Unless you have settings that disallow cookies, the next time you visit a site running the advertisements, a new cookie will be added.
Sign Up For Free Patterns
Advertisements:
Translate
About
Want to email Gay, Lily and Gracie?
Click Here!
Follow Me!
Sign up for our Email Newsletter
For Email Marketing you can trust
Donate If you would like to support the Sentimental Stitches website and free patterns,
please consider making a donation through Paypal's secure payment center.
Clutch, Zoe and I thank you for your help.
Pages
20th Anniversary Celebration Quilts and Projects
Archives
Beyond The Cherry Tree Pattern Request
Block of the Month Quilts
3030 Quilt
Ella Maria Deacon Quilt
Contact Us
Corrections
Digital Downloads
Checkout
ebay auctions
FAQ
Free Patterns
Block of the Month Quilts
Beyond The Cherry Trees Album Quilt
Block of the Month Quilts Around the Web
Cheddarback
Dear Daughter Block of the Month
Dream Garden
Heartfelt Block of the Week
Just For Baby
Just Takes 2™ Quilt
Nancy Page Club
Nancy Page Club - Falling Leaves Quilt
Nancy Page Club - Magic Vine
Nancy Page Club - Quilt of Many Stars
Sally Post Floral Sampler
Shipshewana Amish Mystery Quilt
State Fair Sampler
The 1857 Album Quilt
1857 Album Quilt - Genealogy
The Houseman Quilt
Vintage Blooms
Blue Lake Beach Quilt
Fright Night Halloween Quilt
Midget Blocks
Online Free Patterns
Polka Dot Garden Series
Corsage Bouquet Kit Quilt 3597
Poppy's Polka Dot Garden BOM
Pumpkin Pincushion Tutorial
Quilt Pink Squares Quilt
Redwork
Rickrack Posy Quilt Pattern
Rosie Wild Rose Needlebook
Scrappy Sherbet Quilt
So Sew Easy Schlep Bag
Sparkling Sampler
Spring Into Summer Embroidered Quilt
Summer Snowflakes
Tuesday Treasures
Tulip Bouquet
Tumbling Triangles
Hand Embroidery / Redwork Embroidery
Instructions
Diagonal Measurement of Squares
Fabrics
Felted Wool Tutorial
Foundation Paper Piecing
Hand Applique
Back Basting Tutorial For Hand Applique
Dimensional Rosebuds for Applique
Perfect Circles for Applique
Teeny Tiny Stems - How to Hand Applique
Hand Embroidery
Hand Piecing
Sewing "Y" Seams - Eight Point Star Quilt Block
Hand Quilting
Machine Applique
Machine Piecing
Flying Geese Fast
Half Square Triangles
Quarter Square Triangles
Machine Quilting
Pressing & Seams
Rotary Cutting
Seams & Pressing
Templates
Tufted Flower Centers
Yardage Estimators - Squares & Triangles
Links
My Life in Stitches
Photo Gallery
Required Statements
Federal Trade Commission Disclosure
Legalities
Privacy Policy
Transaction Results
Your Account
Zazzle Store
© 2020 Sentimental Stitches. All Rights Reserved.
Powered by WP
170 queries in 1.542
seconds.