http://sewingandvac.com/privacy.asp
View Cart | Contact | HomeSearch machines: Search parts:
SewingMachines | IndustrialSewingMachines | SewingMachineParts | SewingNotions | VacuumCleaners | VacuumBags | VacuumParts | PremiumAppliances
This page has moved to:
this page.
Privacy Policy
Shopping on-line has changed our lives. At Ultimate Sewing and Vac your trust and satisfaction is of the utmost importance. Because we respect your privacy, we have instituted policies intended to ensure that your personal information is handled in a safe and responsible manner.
We suggest that you review this Privacy Statement periodically as we may update it from time to time. This policy was last revised on June 11, 2003.
What information do we collect?
Every time you visit our Web site, our Web server automatically collects the following non-personally identifiable information: your Internet service provider’s address, the referring URL and, information on the pages you access on our site.
We also collect personally identifiable information that you provide, such as survey information and information you provide when you make a purchase, register your e-mail address or sign-up for sweepstakes or contests.
How do we use your information?
The information we collect is used:
to generally improve the content and layout of our Web site
to improve the content and layout of our Web site for individual visitors
for internal review
When you supply us with personal information to request a catalog or order a product, the information you provide will be added to our customer file. You may receive periodic mailings or telephone contact from us with information on new products and services, discounts, special promotions or upcoming events that we offer. If you do not want to receive such mailings or telephone contact from us, then please email us at richard@sewingandvac.com to request removal from our contact list.
We may send you e-mail with information on new products and services, discounts, special promotions or upcoming events that we offer. If you do not wish to receive such e-mail in the future, please click on the "opt-out" link on any e-mail you receive from us. Please note that when you make a purchase and provide us with your e-mail address, we may send you confirmation of your order via e-mail even if you have chosen not to receive future email from us about our products and services. We may also contact you by mail or telephone if we have questions about your order.
We may share information with governmental agencies or other companies assisting us in fraud prevention or investigation. We may do so when: (1) permitted or required by law; or, (2) trying to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud or unauthorized transactions; or, (3) investigating fraud which has already taken place. The information is not provided to these companies for marketing purposes.
What are cookies?
Most Internet sites, including ours, collect data about visitors through the use of "cookies". Cookies are small software programs that help sites recognize repeat visitors by assigning a random number to each desktop for tracking content preferences and traffic patterns.
Ultimate Sewing and Vac recognizes that you have a choice to refuse cookies. If you wish to purchase from our site, you must accept the cookie so that we can securely process your order.
How do you know your information is secure?
When you see either a solid key icon or a locked padlock icon at the lower portion of your browser window, then your site is secured through Secure Sockets Layer. We use industry-standard encryption technologies when transferring and receiving your information on our site. If you do not see one of these icons, please contact your Internet service provider. When we transfer and receive certain types of sensitive information, such as financial information, we will redirect you to a secure server.
We have appropriate security measures in place in our facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site so you can feel comfortable and secure.
Please note that e-mail is not encrypted and is not considered a secure means of transmitting credit card numbers.
Children's Privacy
Ultimate Sewing and Vac does not seek to solicit information from anyone under the age of thirteen (a "Child"). If a Child submits information to us through any part of our Web site, and we know that the person submitting the information is a Child, we delete the information as soon as we discover it and do not use it for any purpose, nor do we disclose it to third parties.
Changes to this privacy statement
From time to time, we may use the information you provide us for new, unanticipated uses not previously addressed in our Privacy Statement. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes on the privacy page of our Web site to notify you of these changes. You should check our Web site periodically for more information on how we use the data we collect.
If there is a material change in the manner we use data we collect, we will update this Privacy Statement to reflect these changes.
To contact us for any reason, including a request to be added to or taken off a list, or if you have any concerns or questions, please contact us by one of the methods on our contacts page.
For more information, email us at sales@sewingandvac.com or call toll free at (800) 544-5858. © Ultimate Sewing and Vac, 2003 | Legal Notice |
Privacy and Security