http://sewingmachinefeet.com/help/privacy
Skip to main content
Product Dropdown
Product Categories
Creative Feet
Specials
Octi-Hoops
Stabilizers & Batting
Books & Videos
Patterns
Supplies & Notions
Tools
Main navigation
Home
Newsletter
Classes
Shows & Events
Contact
Breadcrumb
Home
Help & Policies
Privacy Policy
Last updated: December 2, 2017
Information Collection and Use
Creative Feet is the sole owner of information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to any outside parties, except as outlined in this policy. We collect information from our customers to process orders and better serve you with pertinent information, such as order confirmations and order status updates. Information collected includes your name, shipping address, billing address, telephone numbers, e-mail address, and payment information such as your credit card number. We also require you to submit a username and password of your choice for your future access to your account information. To safeguard that your user name and password remain confidential, DO NOT share this information with anyone. If you elect to receive our newsletter or special promotions, your contact information will be used for the delivery of these items. We allow third-party companies to collect non-personally identifiable information when customers visit our site.
Registration
In order to process your orders placed on this website, you must first complete the registration form. During registration, you will be required to provide your contact information, which includes your name, e-mail address, telephone number and street address. This information is used to provide you with important Creative Feet services such as automated order status updates via e-mail.
Order
Most of the information collected in the registration process will be used to process orders. During the order process, you will have to provide financial information such as your credit card number, expiration date, money order, wire transfer or check information. This information is used for billing purposes and to fulfill your order. If we have trouble processing an order, we will use this contact information to get in touch with you. To properly process your credit card information, we must share your personal and financial information with the merchant bank for authorization and approval.
Cookies
We use "cookies" on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor's hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site. Some of our business partners may use cookies on our site (for example, advertisers). However, we have no access to or control over these cookies.
Sharing
We may employ third party companies to perform functions on our behalf. These functions may include order fulfillment, package delivery, marketing assistance, postal and e-mail delivery, customer service, data analysis, and credit processing. The third parties we contract for these purposes have limited access to your personal information and may not use it for other purposes.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the Web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. Customers may change or review their stored account information through our website. You must have your username and password in order to access your account. In the event you forget both your username and password, please contact us for assistance.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Testimonials
The testimonials section of the Creativefeet.com website is for the purpose of sharing positive experiences. The testimonials section is moderated to ensure accurate and positive testimonials. Published testimonials are genuine and are not edited or altered by Creativefeet.com. Creativefeet.com reserves the right to post or remove any testimonial at its discretion.
Changes
Our privacy policy may change from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We will post any privacy policy changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice.