http://sewingmachinefeet.com/help/terms
Skip to main content
Product Dropdown
Product Categories
Creative Feet
Specials
Octi-Hoops
Stabilizers & Batting
Books & Videos
Patterns
Supplies & Notions
Tools
Main navigation
Home
Newsletter
Classes
Shows & Events
Contact
Breadcrumb
Home
Help & Policies
Terms of Service
Last updated: December 2, 2017
Welcome to Creative Feet!
Thanks for using our products and services. Creative Feet LLC provides website features and other products and services to you when you visit or shop at Creativefeet.com. Creative Feet provides its services subject to the following conditions.
Using our Services
By accessing the website at Creativefeet.com, you are agreeing to be bound by these terms of service, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this website are protected by applicable copyright and trademark law. Don’t misuse our Services. For example, don’t interfere with our Services or try to access them using a method other than the interface and the instructions that we provide. We may suspend or stop providing our Services to you if you do not comply with our terms or policies or if we are investigating suspected misconduct.
Privacy
Please review our Privacy Policy, which also governs your use of Creative Feet Services, to understand our practices.
Electronic Communications
When you use Creative Feet Services, or send e-mails, text messages, and other communications from your desktop or mobile device to us, you may be communicating with us electronically. You consent to receive communications from us electronically, such as e-mails, texts, mobile push notices, or notices and messages on this site or through the other Creative Feet Services, such as our Message Center, and you can retain copies of these communications for your records. You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures, and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.
Copyright
All content included in or made available through any Creative Feet service, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads, data compilations, and software is the property of Creative Feet or its content suppliers and protected by United States and international copyright laws. The compilation of all content included in or made available through any Creative Feet Service is the exclusive property of Creative Feet and protected by U.S. and international copyright laws.
Trademarks
Graphics, logos, page headers, button icons, scripts, and service names included in or made available through any Creative Feet Service are trademarks or trade dress of Creative Feet in the U.S. and other countries. Creative Feet's trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not Creative Feet's, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or in any manner that disparages or discredits Creative Feet. All other trademarks not owned by Creative Feet that appear in any Creative Feet Service are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with, connected to, or sponsored by Creative Feet.
Disclaimer
The materials on Creative Feet's website are provided on an 'as is' basis. Creative Feet makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties including, without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, Creative Feet does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its website or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
Limitations
In no event shall Creative Feet or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on Creative Feet's website, even if Creative Feet or a Creative Feet authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
Your Account
You may need your own Creative Feet account to use certain Creative Feet Services, and you may be required to be logged in to the account and have a valid payment method associated with it. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your account, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password. Creative Feet does sell products for children, but it sells them to adults, who can purchase with a credit card or other permitted payment method. If you are under 18, you may use the Creative Feet Services only with involvement of a parent or guardian.
About these Terms
Creative Feet may revise these terms of service for its website at any time without notice. By using this website you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these terms of service.