https://sherrodcustoms.com/terms/
Terms Conditions and Privacy Policy - Sherrod Customs
Skip to content
Menu
Home
Chevy
Compare Chevy Truck Models
Chevy Silverado Eclipse Edition by Sherrod
Chevy Silverado LZ-1 Edition by Sherrod
Chevy Silverado Signature Edition by Sherrod
Chevy Vans by Sherrod
Ford
Compare Ford Truck Models
Ford F-150 Eclipse Edition by Sherrod
Ford F-150 LZ-1 Edition by Sherrod
Ford F-150 Signature Edition by Sherrod
Ford Vans by Sherrod
GMC
Compare GMC Truck Models
GMC Sierra Eclipse Edition by Sherrod
GMC Sierra LZ-1 Edition by Sherrod
GMC Sierra Signature Edition by Sherrod
GMC Vans by Sherrod
RAM
Compare RAM Truck Models
RAM Truck Eclipse Edition
RAM Truck LZ-1 Edition
RAM Truck Signature Edition
RAM Promaster Vans
RAM Promaster Crew Van
Sprinter
Recent Builds
Trucks by Sherrod
Vans by Sherrod
Legacy
Contact Us
Terms Conditions and Privacy Policy
PRIVACY AND COLLECTION OF INFORMATION
Thank you for visiting our web site. This privacy policy tells you how we use personal information collected at this site. Please read this privacy policy before using the site or submitting any personal information. By using the site, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy. You are encouraged to review the privacy policy whenever you visit the site to make sure that you understand how any personal information you provide will be used. Note: the privacy practices set forth in this privacy policy are for this web site only. If you link to other web sites, please review the privacy policies posted at those sites.
We collect personally identifiable information, like names, postal addresses, email addresses, etc., when voluntarily submitted by our visitors. The information you provide is used to fulfill you requests on our web site. This information is only used to fulfill your specific request, unless you give us permission to use it in another manner, for example to add you to one of our mailing lists. Cookie/Tracking Technology The site uses cookies and tracking technology called Google Analytics. Cookies and Google Analytics tracking technology are useful for gathering information such as browser type and operating system, tracking the number of visitors to the site, and understanding how visitors use the Site. Cookies also help customize the site for visitors. Personal information cannot be collected via cookies, however, if you previously provided personally identifiable information, cookies may be tied to such information. Aggregate cookie and tracking information may be shared with Google Analytics to provide us with site management statistics. Distribution of Information We may share information with governmental agencies or other companies assisting us in fraud prevention or investigation. We may do so when: (1) permitted or required by law; or, (2) trying to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud or unauthorized transactions; or, (3) investigating fraud which has already taken place. We will not share your data with any other company outside of these limitations.
PRIVACY CONTACT INFORMATION
If you have any questions, concerns, or comments about our privacy policy you may contact us using the information below:
By e-mail: Complete the request here. We reserve the right to make changes to this policy. Any changes to this policy will be posted.on specialist who can provide you with recovery advice.
Lifted Trucks. Select Your Brand.
©1979-2020 SherrodCustoms.com
| Terms | Mail
| SherrodTrucks.com | SherrodVans.com
| SherrodWarranty.com
Sherrod Customs 3151 Industrial Blvd Waycross GA 31503 912-490-1210