http://shin-guard.com/privacy-policy
Home
Order
About Shin Guard
About Us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy Statement sets forth the privacy policy pertaining to this Site, http://www.shin-guard.com, and all sites of BE Coleman Associates d/b/a The Original Shin Guard which are linked to this Site (collectively, the "Sites"). By using any Site, you are agreeing to the terms set forth in this Privacy Policy Statement.
For purposes of this Privacy Policy Statement, "Personal Information" means any information by which you can be personally identified, and includes your name, your address, your telephone number, your e-mail address and the like. Most Sites do not require that you submit Personal Information to BE Coleman Associates. However, some Sites may request Personal Information in order to help BE Coleman Associates serve you more effectively. BE Coleman Associates collects Personal Information only when you voluntarily submit such Personal Information to us, such as when placing a product order through a Site, and so on.
For each visitor to the Sites, our web servers automatically recognize only information regarding the visitor's domain name (or that of the visitor's access provider) and e-mail address. Regardless of the purpose for which it is submitted, it is BE Coleman Associates policy to maintain all Personal Information as confidential, and to use such Personal Information only for the following purposes:
for the specific purpose for which it was volunteered (for example, to complete a product purchase or to answer an email, etc.);to improve the content, appearance, and utility of the Sites;to track our visitors' use of the Sites for internal market research; andto notify our visitors of updates to the Sites.
It is BE Coleman Associates policy to keep Personal Information only for so long as needed for such purposes. You may contact us in the following way:
Email:
Contact Us
BE Coleman Associates reserves the right, at its discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this Privacy Policy Statement at any time. You should check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of this Site following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy Statement will mean that you accept those changes.
Order Now
Privacy Policy
© 2020
All Rights Reserved | B.E. Coleman Associates
Website Development by
Tommy House Studios
Share by: