http://shisha-hookah.com/pages/privacy-statement
Menu
×
Hookahs
Khalil Mamoon Hookah
Oduman Hookah
Regal Hookah
Starbuzz Hookahs
Wookah Hookahs
Zahrah Hookah
Shisha
Al Rayan Shisha
Al Fakher Shisha
Fumari Shisha
Heaven Leaf Teabacco
Khalil Mamoon Shisha
Starbuzz Shisha
Tangiers Shisha
Ugly Hookah Tobacco
Zomo Shisha
Charcoal
Coconut charcoal
Quick light charcoal
Accessories
Hookah Base
Hookah Bowls
Charcoal Burner
Hookah Foil
Heat Management System
Hookah Hoses
Hookah Trays
Mouth Tips
Package Deals
Contact Us
Shopping Cart
×
Privacy Statement
Home
Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement
Shisha-Hookah Inc. collects customer information to make your online shopping experience very easy. We respect your privacy and the information you give us, and we assure you that we will use this information responsibly.
GENERAL Website Browsing:
Shisha-Hookah.com collects navigational information about where you go on Shisha-Hookah.com and information about the technical efficiencies of our web site and services (i.e. time to connect to our web site, time to download pages, time you spend on pages). This information allows us to see which areas of Shisha-Hookah.com are most visited and helps us better understand our customers’ needs. This will also helps us improve the quality of visitors’ online shopping experiences by recognizing and delivering more of the features, services and products our visitors prefer to see. Additional non-personally identifiable information (i.e. domain type, browser version, service provider and IP address) may be collected which will provide information regarding your use of our web site (such as the time of your last visit to a page on our site, location and country where the user using the site).
COLLECTION, USE AND DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION:
We collect information from you that you provide to us at this site when you establish or update an account, shop online, or request information (i.e. name, address, e-mail address, recipient’s e-mail address, telephone number and credit card information). This information is used to enable Shisha-Hookah.com to deliver products or requests that you have ordered or created, to contact you or the recipient(s) in the event of order or delivery difficulties, to respond to your inquiries and to deliver services and information about our products or web site to you, including adding you to our mailing list.
You should be aware that we may disclose specific information about you if necessary to do so by law or based on our good faith belief that it is necessary to conform or comply with the law or is necessary to protect the users of our web site, the site, or the public.
UPDATING PERSONAL INFORMATION:
We prefer to keep your personal information accurate and up-to-date. To do this, we provide you with the opportunity to update or modify your personal information including billing and shipping information by logging into Your Account.
APPLICABILITY OF PRIVACY STATEMENT:
This privacy policy statement applies only to the information collected online at Shisha-Hookah.com.
QUESTIONS/CHANGES IN POLICY:
If you have questions or concerns with respect to our Privacy & Security Policy, please feel free to contact us. If elements of our Privacy & Security Policy change, we will post the policy changes in our Privacy & Security Policy on this Web site. If you are concerned about how your personal information is used, please visit our site often for this and other important announcements about Shisha-Hookah.com
SECURITY STATEMENT
Shisha-Hookah.com takes the following types of security measures: use of technologies and policies including limited access data-centers, firewall technology, secure certificate authentication and limitations of administrative access to our systems. In addition, it is our policy not to send your credit card number via e-mail. This is a practice we recommend you adopt in all of your Internet activities.
Thank you for your subscription
Quantity
Add to Cart