https://shooters-choice.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Last updated: 5/24/18
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for www.shooters-choice.com. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
Information you give us.
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via your account, email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Information you give us can include:
Products you purchase from usFeedback formsContact us forms
Inquiry formsOnline email formsProduct reviewsInformation provided through your smart phone or mobile deviceWhen you provide user generated content such as user comments, reviews and other social media communicationsThe information we collect includes personal information, such asNameAddressBilling addressShipping addressEmail addressTelephone numberCredit card number (passed through to credit card processor solely for payment purposes) This information is not stored.GenderDate of birthOther personal information you may provide through product reviews, contests and promotions, feedback, etc.
No Information From Children Under Age 13.
If you are under the age of 13, please do not attempt to register with us at this Site or provide any personal information about yourself to us. If we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under the age of 13, we will promptly delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from a child under the age of 13, please contact us via telephone at 1-800-OTISGUN (684-7486) or via email at cs@otistec.com.
Information We Collect Automatically.
We collect certain information through Google Analytics as you use our Site, such as:IP addressBrowser type
Location informationOperating system versionThe website from where you navigated to our SiteTime and date of using our SiteThe name of your Internet service provider (ISP)The pages on our Site that you viewCookiesSearch termsLocal shared objects (flash cookies)Google Analytics.
The information above is collected primarily through our use of Google Analytics to help analyze how users use the Site. The Google Analytics tool uses "cookies," which are text files placed on your computer, to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behavior information in an anonymous form. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the Site (including IP address) is transmitted to Google. This information is then used to evaluate visitors' us of the Site and to compile statistical reports on website activity for Otis. For more information regarding Google Analytics please visit Google's website, and pages that describe Google Analytics, such as https://policies.google.com/privacy.Cookies.
When you visit our Site we send one or more “cookies” to your computer or other device. A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the website again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store unique identifiers, user preferences and other information. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. We use cookies to improve the quality of our service, including for storing user preferences, tracking user trends and providing relevant advertising to you.
Advertising Cookies.
We partner with third parties to manage our advertising on other websites. Our third parties may use tracking technologies such as cookies to gather information about your activities on this website and other websites you visit in order to provide you advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests.
Pixel Tags.
We may use “pixel tags,” which are small graphic files that allow us to monitor the use of our websites. A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking activity on websites, or when emails are opened or accessed, and is often used in combination with cookies. A pixel tag can collect information such as the IP (Internet Protocol) address of the computer that downloaded the page on which the tag appears; the URL of the page on which the pixel tag appears; the time the page containing the pixel tag was viewed; the type of browser that fetched the pixel tag; and the identification number of any cookie on the computer previously placed by that server.
International Privacy Practices
Otis Technology’s websites (shooters-choice.com,otistec.com/otisdefense.com) are  operated and managed on servers located and operated within the United States. By using and accessing our shooters-choice.com/otistec.com/otisdefense.com sites, residents and citizens of countries and jurisdictions outside of the United States agree and consent to the transfer to and processing of personal information on servers located in the United States, and that the protection of such information may be different than required under the laws of your residence or location.
Community Forums and BlogsOur website offers publicly accessible blogs or community forums. You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them.To request removal of your personal information from our blog or testimonials, contact us at 1-800-OTISGUN (684-7486) or via email at cs@otistec.com. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.Testimonials & ReviewsWe display personal testimonials of satisfied customers and product reviews on our website in addition to other endorsements. Posting reviews is completely voluntary and the name provided by you as you review the product is what will be displayed.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by logging into your account, contacting us at 1-800-OTISGUN (684-7486) or via email at cs@otistec.com.
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the Web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers with access to personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. We will retain and use your information to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements.We will retain personal data we process on behalf of our customers as directed by paying customers. Otis will retain this personal information as necessary to comply with legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce agreements.Upon request, Otis will provide you with information about whether we hold, or process on behalf of a third party, any of your personal information that we are aware of. To request this information, contact us at cs@otistec.com.Promotional and Newsletter Communications.
You may opt out of receiving promotional and newsletter emails from Otis by following the opt-out instructions provided in those emails. You may also opt-out of receiving promotional emails and other promotional communications from us at any time by emailing hello@otistec.com with your specific request. If you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional communications, such as security alerts and notices about your online account or product purchases.Cookies.
Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies or to prompt you before accepting such a cookie. Please note that, if you choose to remove or reject browser cookies, this could affect the availability or functionality of the shooters-choice.com, otistec.com or otisdefense.com.
Surveys & Contests
From time-to-time our site requests information via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you may choose whether or not to participate and therefore disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as email, name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level).  Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes unless otherwise agreed to by the end user. Any other uses of information will be outlined in the specific contests Terms & Conditions. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Orders
We request information from you on our order form. To buy from us, you must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we'll use this information to contact you.
Registration
In order to complete a purchase on this website, a user must first complete the registration form. During registration a user is required to give certain information (such as name and email address). Should you create an account, this information is used in the event we need to contact you about the products/services on our site you have purchased, to house your past purchase information and in some cases allow for use of special discounts.  At your option, you may also provide demographic information (such as gender or age) about yourself, but it is not required.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 1-800-OTISGUN (684-7486) or via email at cs@otistec.com.
Shop
Solvents & Lubricants
Gun Bore Cleaners
Gun Degreasers
Gun Lubricants
Corrosion Inhibitors
Gun Cleaning Kits
Gun Cleaning Rods
Gun Cleaning Kits
Hardware
Bore Brushes & Mops
Jags
Accessories
All-Purpose Brushes
Patches
Gear
Pages
About Us
Contact Us
Pro-Care System
Product Catalog
Blog
Shipping & Returns
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Patents
Blog
Account
Sign In / Register
Wishlists
Gift Certificates
What are you looking for?
*
Search