https://shop.mitchellstores.com/privacy
Skip to main contentMen’s and Women’s DESIGNER SALE IS ON!Free shipping & returns on all ordersPrivacy PolicyMitchells Stores ("we") and its affiliates are committed to protecting and preserving your privacy.
This policy, together with our Terms and Conditions, and any other underlying agreements or terms, sets out the basis on which any data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us.
By using our website ("Site"), you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy also describes the manner in which we process, use and disclose information that you provide to us when you use our Site.By using this Site, you consent to the use of the information that you provide to us in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
We do update this Privacy Policy from time to time so please review this Privacy Policy regularly. If we materially alter our Privacy Policy, we will notify you of such changes by posting a notice on our Site and/or contacting you at the e-mail address provided to us. Your continued use of the Site will be deemed your agreement that your information may be used in accordance with the new policy.
If you do not agree with the changes, then you should stop using the Site, and you should notify us that you do not want your information used in accordance with the changes.Website Privacy NoticePlease read this Policy carefully to fully understand how we collect, share and protect information about you.
This Policy is incorporated into and is a part of the Terms and Conditions for this Site.
To access the Terms and Conditions, please see Terms and Conditions.By accessing and using the Site, you agree that you have read and understand this Privacy Policy and that you accept and consent to the privacy practices and uses and disclosures of your information as described herein.In order to deliver personalized and relevant information to you through our Site, we collect certain information from users.Information We CollectIn operating our Site, we may collect and process the following data about you:Details of your visits to our Site and the resources that you access, including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data, including your IP address, the date and time you accessed or left the Site and which pages you viewed.
Some parts of our Site use cookies and other technologies to collect this information about your general internet usage.
See section below ‘How We Use Cookies” to learn more.Information that you provide directly to us by filling in forms on our Site or send us correspondence.Information that you provide to us when you register to use our Site or subscribe to any services offered on our Site.Information that you provide to us if you place an order, including, but not limited to, your name, shipping and billing address, telephone number and email address, as well as the details of your order. We will also collect your credit or debit card number to process payment; however, we do not store or process your payment –your payment is processed through third-party service providers. Information that you provide to us if you choose to create an account, including, but not limited to, your name, address, email address, birth date, anniversary date and telephone number. Details of any transactions you carry out through this Site including the placement of any orders by you, returns or exchanges.Product and transactional history to compile and update the "Virtual Closet" service in your M world or WB World. Information provided to us when you communicate with us for any reason.By submitting a telephone number to Mitchell Stores you agree that a representative of Mitchell Stores can contact you at the number you provide, potentially using automated technology (including texts/SMS messaging) or a pre-recorded message.
Your consent is not an obligation to receive any of our products and/or services.How We Use CookiesA "cookie" is a piece of text which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, this cookie file is stored on the hard drive of your computer.
They help us and our affiliates to improve our Site.
They present the content from our Site in the most effective manner for you and your computer. We use cookies to track activity on our Site, monitor Site performance and to provide personalized browsing experiences for our users. We do this through third-party service providers, including, but not limited to Google Analytics, AdRoll, Facebook/Instagram, Bing, Crazy Egg, Pingdom and Google Ads.While some websites allow users to decline cookies, we cannot respond to a user’s do not track (DNT) request when the user’s browser settings are set to decline cookies because we use third-party analytics vendors throughout our Site that do not necessarily respond to DNT requests. If you wish to opt-out of online tracking from some of these third-party advertisers, please visit the Digital Advertising Alliance’s website available at http://www.aboutads.info/choices/, or the
Network Advertising Initiative’s website available at
http://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1.We do not use flash cookies on our Site.Use of Your InformationThe information that we collect and store relating to you is primarily used to enable us to provide our products and/or services to you in the best possible manner.
In addition, we may use the information for the following purposes:To provide you with information relating to our services and/or products;To provide third parties with statistical information about the users of our Site;To monitor and conduct an analysis of our Site traffic and usage patterns;To analyze trends.We may also use your information to match your customer profile with known physical addresses and email addresses using third parties such as Experian. We may also use de-identified information to match such information against third-party advertiser databases in order to provide more relevant advertisements to our customers. We will not use personal information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you with notice and/or updating this Privacy Policy.SecurityTo secure your information, we have put in place commercially suitable physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect on our Site.Nonetheless, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure and therefore we cannot guarantee the security of data sent to us electronically on our Site, and transmission of such data is therefore entirely at your own risk.Disclosing Your InformationWhere applicable, we may disclose your personal information to any affiliated business entities or third parties necessary to provide products and/or services to you.
This includes, where applicable, our subsidiaries, our holding company and its other subsidiaries (if any), as well as third parties involved in the administration and operation of our products and/or services. We may also disclose your personal information to other third parties, such as:Where we sell any or all of our business and/or our assets to a third party, whether through bankruptcy proceedings or other sale or merger.Where we are legally required to disclose your information, including, but not limited to, pursuant to a valid subpoena, order, search warrant or other law enforcement request.When we are contractually obligated to disclose it.Where we disclose personal information for a purpose set forth herein, we enter a contract with the third party that describes the purpose and requires the third-party recipient to both keep that personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose except performing the contract.We do not sell your personal information to third parties.Third Party WebsitesBy accessing third party websites through our Site, you are consenting to the terms and privacy policies of those websites.
We do not accept any responsibility or liability for their policies whatsoever as we have no control over them. Users Only of Legal Age of MajorityOur Site is designed and intended for those who have reached the age of majority (18 years of age). By using our Site, you affirm that you are at least 18 years of age or older.
We are not liable for any damages that may result from a user’s misrepresentation of age. No one under age 13 is authorized to submit or post any information, including personally identifying information, on our Site. Under no circumstances may anyone under age 13 use our Site.
Parents or legal guardians of children under 13 cannot agree to these Terms on their behalf.FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS:If you reside in California and have provided personally identifiable information to us, you may request information about our disclosure of certain categories of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes under California’s Shine the Light law. Such requests must be submitted to us by calling 1-844-855-4847, by email at privacy@mitchellstores.com, or by mail at the following address:Mitchell StoresAttn: Privacy Coordinator670 Post Road EastWestport, CT 06880If you are a resident of California, effective January 1, 2020, you have the following rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 ("CCPA"):to know what categories of personal information about you we have collected and used, including how the personal information was collected;to know what categories of personal information is being sold or disclosed and if it is being sold or disclosed to third parties and a list of categories of information that are sold; or, if applicable: to know that your personal information has not been sold.to opt out of the sale of your personal information (click here for more information on Personal Information Sales Opt-Out and Opt-in Rights);to access your personal information, including the right to download or transfer personal information collected during the previous 12 months (click here for more information on "Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights");to request that your personal information be deleted (click here for more information on "Deletion Request Rights"); andto equal service and equal price for goods or services even if you exercise your rights under the CCPA.While California residents have the right to opt-out of the sale of their personal information under CCPA, we do not sell personal information to any third parties, and therefore, we have not included a "Do Not Sell My Personal Information" link on our Site. If our practices change, we will update this Privacy Policy and take any other necessary action to comply with applicable law.If you are a California resident and you want to exercise any of your rights as set forth above, please contact us at 1-844-855-4847 or privacy@mitchellstores.com. For all requests, it is helpful to put the statement "California Privacy Rights" in the body of your request, describe the nature of your request, and
provide your name, street address, city, state, and zip code. In your request, you need to attest to the fact that you are a California resident and provide a current California address for our response. For more information click here.We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:Deny you goods or services.Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.Accessibility StatementWe are committed to making sure that our Site is accessible to everyone. To access this Privacy Policy in an alternative form, please call 1-844-855-4847. For more information, please see our Accessibility Statement.Contacting UsWe welcome any queries, comments, complaints or requests you may have regarding this Privacy Policy.
Please do not hesitate to contact us at:Mitchells Stores670 Post Road EastWestport, Connecticut 068801-844-855-4847privacy@mitchellstores.comLast Updated: December 31st, 2019Account loginView all the items you have purchased online and in-store in your Virtual Closet, check your alteration status, track online orders, and communicate with your Style Advisor.Log inDon't have an account? Create an accountWish listSearchDresses, polos, sportcoats…Email wish listWhy we can't ship certain items to CaliforniaCalifornia has put into effect a number of restrictions as to the types of material that can be shipped to or sold within the state.
Any of the following may prevent us from shipping items:Products containing python cannot be sold or shipped to California.Products containing fur cannot be sold or shipped to the city of San Francisco.We apologize for any inconvenience.Reserve in store...and we'll have everything waiting for you to try onContact Our E-Concierge
SearchDresses, polos, sportcoats…Email wish list