https://shop.architecture.org/privacy-policy/
Chicago Architecture Center Store
Menu
Search
My Account
Cart
Search
Search
Skip to Content
Compare Products
Chicago Architecture Center Store
Free shipping on orders over $75!  See Details.
Menu
Shop by CollectionOrnamentsGift GuideTall BuildingsCAC LogoGreat For SchoolFrank Lloyd WrightDavid CsicskoChicago Through the LensChicago SkylineShop by CategoryBooks and MediaCAC PublicationsArchitectureDesign / GuidesYouthClothing and AccessoriesHome DecorJewelryPosters and PrintsSouvenirs
Home
Privacy Policy
PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND THE RELATED TERMS OF USE LOCATED AT TERMS AND CONDITIONS CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE.
We value our customers and respect your privacy.  We collect information about you in our stores and on websites to improve your shopping experience and to provide communications about our products, services, promotions, and partners.  As outlined in this policy, we may share your information with our partners, and under certain circumstances, with third parties that provide services on our behalf or with whom we have partnered for specific services.  Your use of this site indicates that you have read, accepted and unconditionally agreed to our privacy practices, as outlined in this Privacy Policy and any other applicable terms. The Terms of Use for this website are incorporated herein by this reference.
Event Network operates retail and online gift shops for cultural attractions around the world.  The majority of our sales profit goes to the attraction to help support the institution and their programs.
This Privacy Policy describes the information we collect about you and how we use it.  If our practices change, we will post an update to our website.
What information do we collect?  We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey or fill out a form.  When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information.
What do we use your information for? We may use your information in the following ways:
To process and fulfill your order, including email confirmation for order status and shipment
To communicate with you and send you information by email, postal mail, or other means about our products, services, and promotions
To help us address problems and improve our website, products, and customer service
To personalize your shopping experience
To analyze trends and statistics
To protect the security and integrity of our website and business
To contact you if necessary
Do we share your information? We may share your information in the following ways:
With our service providers who help manage customer information and perform services on our behalf such as fulfillment, customer communications, etc.  We do not authorize these service providers to make any other use of or disclose your information
With another company we partner with to provide products, services, or promotions to our customers
To comply with laws or regulations or in response to a valid subpoena, order, or government request
How do I view or change my information? You can view and change certain information related to your use of our online site such as your name and contact information.  Simply sign in to your account using your email address and password, and you will be able to edit your personal information in your account profile.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not knowingly collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older. If you are under 13 years old please do not provide your information on our website. If we become aware that an individual is under the age of 13 and has submitted any information for any purpose without prior verifiable parental consent, we will delete his or her information from our files. If you are under 18, you may only use this site with the involvement of a parent or guardian.
External Links This site may contain links to, or advertisements about, other websites. Other sites may also reference, advertise, or link to this site. We do not endorse or sponsor other websites, is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these other websites, and we expressly disclaim any statements or assertions made on such websites, and deny all liability associated with your use of, and the content on, such other websites and advertisements. Please be advised that the practices described in this Privacy Policy do not apply to information gathered through other websites. We encourage you to be aware of when you leave this website and to read the privacy policies of each and every website that you visit.
How do we use cookies and pixel tags? Our website uses "cookies", which are small data files that are stored on your computer when you visit a website. Cookies enable you to shop on our websites and may be used in a variety of ways to enhance or personalize your online browsing and shopping experience. You can set your browser not to accept cookies or to notify you when you are sent a cookie, giving you the opportunity to decide whether or not to accept it. If you do not accept cookies, however, you will not be able to access your account information or make purchases on our websites. We use "pixel tags" (also called "web beacons" or "clear gifs"), which are tiny graphic images, on our website and in our emails. Pixel tags help us analyze our customers' online behavior and measure the effectiveness of our websites and our advertising. We work with service providers that help us track, collect, and analyze this information. Pixel tags on our sites may be used to collect information about your visit, including the pages you view, the features you use, the links you click, and other actions you take in connection with the sites. This information may include your computer's Internet protocol (IP) address, your browser type, your operating system, date and time information, and other technical information about your computer. We may also track certain information about the identity of the website you visited immediately before coming to our site. We do not otherwise track any information about your use of other websites. Pixel tags and cookies in our emails may be used to track your interactions with those messages, such as when you receive, open, or click a link in an email message from us. We may combine the information we collect through cookies and pixel tags with other information we have collected from you. This information may be used to improve our websites, to personalize your online experience, to tailor our communications with you, to determine the effectiveness of our advertising, and for other internal business purposes.
How do I know my information is secure? When you enter your personal information on our website, we use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology to protect your information as it is transmitted to us. To make sure you are accessing our secure server before you submit personal financial information, look at the lower left-hand corner of your browser. If you see an unbroken key or a closed lock (depending upon your browser), then SSL is active. To double-check for security, look at the URL or Location line of your browser. If you have accessed a secure server, the first characters of the address in that line should change from "http" to "https". If for any reason you cannot access the secure server, or if you're not quite comfortable shopping online at our website, please feel free to place your order with us by telephone at the number listed in the shopping cart.
Policy Changes This Privacy Policy replaces all previous disclosures we may have provided you about our information practices. We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy, and to apply any changes to information previously collected, as permitted by law. If there are material changes to this Privacy Policy or our information practices change in the future, we will notify you by posting the policy changes on our website.
Your California Privacy Rights California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits customers who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please write to us at the following address: 9606 Aero Drive, Suite 1000, San Diego, CA 92123
Choice of Law This Privacy Policy, including all revisions and amendments thereto, is governed by the internal laws of the State of California, without regard to its conflict or choice of law principles which would require application of the laws of another jurisdiction.
For any questions, suggestions, or concerns related to this Privacy Policy, please email eCommerceGroup@eventnetwork.com.  Alternatively, you may contact us by phone at 312-322-1132.
Store Information:
Phone: 312-322-1132
Email: store1623@eventnetwork.com
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Returns
Chicago Architecture Center - CAC
312.922.3432    info@architecture.org
Stay Connected