https://shop.heavyglare.com/privacy-and-security.html/
The store will not work correctly in the case when cookies are disabled.
30-DAY HAPPINESS GUARANTEE
PRESCRIPTION WRAP AROUND SUNGLASSES EXPERTS - SINCE 1999
FREE SHIPPING OVER $99
Home
Privacy and Security Policy
Our Privacy Policy
We are highly committed to protecting the information that we receive from all our visitors and customers. This is why we have come up with tested and proven safety and security measures to lower the risks involved in online transactions.
The Information We Receive
Every time you order and buy any of our products, it is inevitable that you provide personal information including credit card or other payment mode details. Should you decide to register on our website or become a part of our email list, it is also pertinent to supply facts about yourself such as your name and email address. At times, you may also be asked to fill out a survey form wherein you have to input other pieces of information like mailing address, telephone number, interests, and social media account details.
Please keep in mind that such data are only used for the following purposes:
Improvement of Customer Experience
We believe that you, our customers, make up the heart of our business. We are dedicated to providing you with the best experience on our site, hence we make use of the information you provide to study the market and thus keep on improving based on your preferences, feedback, and demographics.
Furthermore, the data you supply help us enhance our customer service when it comes to common concerns and how to resolve them, your possible requests, and your support requirements.
Efficient Processing of Transactions
For us to ensure fast and efficient processing of your orders, requests, and/or purchases, it is vital to make use of particular details. Rest assured that we will not, on any occasion, use the information for other purposes not related to your transactions with our company. We will also not share, sell, or exchange the information with other parties.
Sending of Newsletters, Announcements, and the Like
If you choose to receive regular updates from us, registering on our site will require basic information like your email address. When you purchase anything, your email address is also called for. These addresses are stored in our database so we can send out newsletters, invite you to exclusive promotions and events, and inform you of important announcements.
Administration of Surveys, Promotions, and the Like
In the case of filling out a survey form, participating in a contest or promotion, and visiting a partner site, please take note that your information is sometimes temporarily utilized by third party providers of special programs or solutions.
Please be informed that we do provide details for unsubscribing at the bottom of every email we send, in case you wish not to receive any more notices from us.
The Protection We Provide
Part of our privacy policy is to ensure security for our visitors and customers. We have established a system of safety measures, through a secure server, to protect the personal information that you supply to our site.
• Our advanced Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology manages sensitive information such as your credit card details. This way, the data can only be accessed by authorized structures and individuals who are obliged to comply with our confidentiality rule.
• We never ask for your Social security numbers. Credit card number and other related information are NEVER kept in our database after they are used in specific transactions where they are needed.
• Furthermore, it is our job to see to it that none of your information leaks out to outside parties unless you give us your exclusive consent. We do have a few partners that help us in running operations, maintaining the site, and servicing our customers. They are required to keep all customer details confidential at all times.
•However, please be informed that we do share visitor information that will never identify you personally. Such data, like usual product preferences, are solely used for marketing and/or promotional purposes.
• It is also important to emphasize that we may release personal information only in special situations that call for it, particularly when conforming with the law, defending the rights and properties of others, and imposing our company and site policies.
• When it comes to third party links that may occasionally appear on our site, it is your discretion to visit and explore them. They have their own privacy policies separate from us. Thus, we have no liability over the contents of these sites.
We encourage you to also go over our Terms and Conditions to be well aware of our provisions, boundaries, and other vital regulations concerning the operations and management of the site.
Contact Us. To contact Heavyglare.com, please use the following:Heavyglare Eyewear14055 Grand Ave, STE G Burnsville MN 55337
888-548-0558
info@heavyglare.com