https://shop.barbershop.org/privacy-policy/
Go Back
All Categories
Categories
Sheet Music & Songbooks
Sheet Music & Songbooks
All Sheet Music & Songbooks
Sheet Music
Sheet Music
All Sheet Music
Published Catalog
Unpublished Catalog
Search By Arranger
International Availability
Songbooks
Songbooks
All Songbooks
BHS-Produced Songbooks
Good
News Gospel Series
Hal Leonard Collections
Special Order Song Clearances
Audio
Audio
All Audio
Learning Tracks
Learning Tracks
All Learning Tracks
Learning Tracks - Digital
Learning Tracks - CD
Recordings
Recordings
All Recordings
Mixed Group CDs
AIC Masterworks Series CDs
Chorus CDs
Holiday CDs
Gold Medalist CDs
International Convention CDs
Quartet CDs
Good
News Gospel Series CDs
DVDs
DVDs
All DVDs
Chorus DVDs
Documentaries
Holiday DVDs
International Convention DVDs
Quartet DVDs
Training DVDs
Merchandise
Merchandise
All Merchandise
Bags & Travel
Car Accessories
Conventions
Drinkware & Barware
Keychains, Stickers & Magnets
Home Decor & Art
Holiday
Lanyards & Lapel Pins
Novelty & Gifts
Office & Journals
Pitch Pipes
Sports & Outdoors
SPEBSQSA-Themed
Apparel and Accessories
Apparel and Accessories
All Apparel and Accessories
Accessories & Jewelry
Hats & Ball Caps
Infants & Children
Jackets & Outerwear
Loungewear & Footwear
Neckwear & Suspenders
Polos & Oxfords
Polos & Oxfords
All Polos & Oxfords
Barbershop Polos & Oxfords
Event Polos
T-Shirts
T-Shirts
All T-Shirts
Barbershop T-Shirts
Event T-Shirts
Quartet T-Shirts
Women's Apparel
Chapters & Districts
Chapters & Districts
All Chapters & Districts
Awards & Recognition
Chapter & District Manuals
District Contests
Lapel Pins
Lapel Pins
All Lapel Pins
District Officer Pins
District Quartet Champ Pins
Chapter Lapel Pins
Membership Pins
Medallions & Rings
Misc. Chapter Resources
Name Badges
Printable Resources
Pull-Up Banners
Education
Education
All Education
Education Books & Guides
Educational Resources
Education Songbooks
Harmony University Merchandise
Harmonizer
Clearance
Go Back
All Pages
Pages
New Sheet Music
New Merch
Collections
FAQs / Terms & Conditions
Member Discounts
Privacy Policy
Barbershop.org
Gift Certificates
Home
/
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Barbershop Harmony Society collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of the shop.barbershop.org website ("Site"). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Barbershop Harmony Society.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the siteplace an orderfill out a formrespond to a surveysubscribe to the newsletter and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information,
Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously.
We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
Barbershop Harmony Society collects and uses Users personal information for the following purposes:
To improve customer serviceYour information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
To personalize user experienceWe may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
To improve our SiteWe continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
To process transactionsWe may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
To send periodic emailsThe email address Users provide for order processing, will only be used to send them information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, and/or other requests or questions. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email or User may contact us via our Site.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and its Users happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission.
Changes to this privacy policy
Barbershop Harmony Society has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, post a notification on the main page of our Site,revise the updated date at the bottom of this page,. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy and terms of service. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
Barbershop Harmony Society
shop.barbershop.org
110 N. 7th Ave North Nashville, TN 37203
800-876-7464
customerservice@barbershop.org