https://shop.classicmarine.co.uk/privacy-policy-cookie-restriction-mode/
Home
/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Classic Marine is a trading name of Suffolk Yacht Harbour Ltd
What is the purpose of this document?
Suffolk Yacht Harbour Ltd (“We”/“Us”) understands that your privacy is important to you and that you care about how your personal data is used. We respect and value the privacy of all of our customers, boat owners, visitors, suppliers, employees, sub-contractors, and tenants and will only collect and use personal data in ways that are described here, and in a way that is consistent with our obligations and your rights under the law.
Information About Us
Suffolk Yacht Harbour Ltd is registered in England under company number 00899135 and located at Suffolk Yacht Harbour, Levington, Ipswich, IP10 0LN.
Person responsible for data protection: Jonathan Dyke, Managing Director
Email address: jonathan@syharbour.co.uk
Telephone number: 01473 659465
Postal Address: Suffolk Yacht Harbour, Levington, Ipswich IP10 0LN
We are regulated by the Information Commissioner’s Office
We are a member of The Yacht Harbour Association; British Marine
What Does This Notice Cover?
This notice explains how we use your personal data: how it is collected, how it is held, and how it is processed. It also explains your rights under the law relating to your personal data.
What is Personal Data?
Personal data is defined by the General Data Protection Regulation (EU Regulation 2016/679) (the “GDPR”) as ‘any information relating to an identifiable person who can be directly or indirectly identified in particular by reference to an identifier’.
Personal data is, in simpler terms, any information about you that enables you to be identified. Personal data covers obvious information such as your name and contact details, but it also covers less obvious information such as identification numbers, electronic location data, and other online identifiers.
The personal data that we use is set out in Part 5, below.
What Personal Data Do You Hold and how is it Collected?
We may hold your personal information because:
You supplied it to us;
We learned it from someone else in the context of our general business;
Of the use of cookies; or
It is publicly available.
The personal information we hold about you will generally consist of the categories of data set out below, but may from time to time include other information such as information the law requires us to collect in relation to visitors to Suffolk Yacht Harbour, boat owners and other customers of our services.
We may collect some or all of the following personal data (this may vary according to your relationship with us):
Contact details (such as name, address, telephone number and email address)
Date of birth
Gender
Business name
Job title
Profession
Payment information
Information about your preferences and interests
Suffolk Yacht Harbour Limited is the data controller in respect of the information set out above. Whilst you have no obligation to provide us with your information, if you do not provide us with information we request we may not be able to provide you with our services.
How Do You Use My Personal Data?
Your personal data may be used for one of the following purposes:
Providing and managing your account.
Reviewing any instructions received from you.
Supplying our products and/or services to you.
Personalising and tailoring our products and/or services for you.
Communicating with you. This may include responding to emails or calls from you.
Supplying you with information by email and/or post that you have opted-in to (you may unsubscribe or opt-out at any time by telling the MD of SYH).
Distributing News Letters.
Communicating with harbour authorities, police, RNLI etc. for safety purposes.
To distribute crucial safety information with regard to our services.
Possible disciplinary processes.
With your permission and/or where permitted by law, we may also use your personal data for marketing purposes, which may include contacting you by email, telephone, text message and post with information, news, and offers on our products and/or services. You will not be sent any unlawful marketing or spam. We will always work to fully protect your rights and comply with our obligations under the GDPR and the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003, and you will always have the opportunity to opt-out.
We do not use any automated system for carrying out certain kinds of decision-making or profiling.
How Long Will You Keep My Personal Data?
We will not keep your personal data for any longer than is necessary in light of the reason(s) for which it was first collected, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting or reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
In some circumstances, we may anonymise your personal information so that it can no longer be associated with you, in which case we may use such information without further notice to you.
Do You Share My Personal Data?
We may share your personal information with third parties where required by law, where it is necessary to administer the working relationship with you or where we have another legitimate interest in doing so.
Transferring Information Outside the EEA
We will not normally transfer your personal data outside the European Economic Area however, there may be occasions where this might be necessary. In such an instance, we will tell you about the transfer and:
Ensure the party to whom we transfer the data is situated in a country which has been confirmed by the European Commission to provide adequate protection to personal information; or
Ensure the party has agreed by way of contract to protect your personal information as required legislation; or
Ensure the transfer is permitted by law.
Grounds for Processing
The legal basis on which we hold your personal information is primarily for the purpose of pursuing our legitimate interests as a business which provides marina berths and swinging moorings, maintenance, repair and chandlery facilities, sail making, spar and rigging services, stainless steel fabrication, electronics, yacht surveying, a sailing school, brokerage and new boat sales, inboard/outboard engineering, yacht club, and disabled sailing facilities.
We may also process your information in order to perform any contract we have entered into with you or to comply with our own legal obligations.
If we process your data on the basis of your consent to do so, we will let you know and provide you with the ability to withdraw such consent.
What Are My Rights?
Data protection legislation gives you the below rights in relation to the personal data we hold about you:
Request access to your personal information (commonly known as a "data subject access request"). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal information we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
Request correction of the personal information that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate information we hold about you corrected.
Request erasure of your personal information. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal information where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal information where you have exercised your right to object to processing (see below).
Object to processing of your personal information where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal information for direct marketing purposes.
Request the restriction of processing of your personal information. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of personal information about you, for example if you want us to establish its accuracy or the reason for processing it.
Request the transfer of your personal information to another party.
you can complain to the UK regulator, the Information Commissioner's Office at ico.org.uk if you think that we aren't complying with our obligations regarding your personal information.
If you want to exercise any of the rights listed above, or if you have any queries in relation to your personal information, please contact us using the methods set out at the beginning of this policy.
Changes to this Privacy Notice
We may change this Privacy Notice from time to time. This may be necessary, for example, if the law changes, or if we change our business in a way that affects personal data protection.
Any changes will be made available via and on the SYH website.
COOKIE nameCOOKIE Description
CART
The association with your shopping cart.
CATEGORY_INFO
Stores the category info on the page, that allows to display pages more quickly.
COMPARE
The items that you have in the Compare Products list.
CURRENCY
Your preferred currency
CUSTOMER
An encrypted version of your customer id with the store.
CUSTOMER_AUTH
An indicator if you are currently logged into the store.
CUSTOMER_INFO
An encrypted version of the customer group you belong to.
CUSTOMER_SEGMENT_IDS
Stores the Customer Segment ID
EXTERNAL_NO_CACHE
A flag, which indicates whether caching is disabled or not.
FRONTEND
You sesssion ID on the server.
GUEST-VIEW
Allows guests to edit their orders.
LAST_CATEGORY
The last category you visited.
LAST_PRODUCT
The most recent product you have viewed.
NEWMESSAGE
Indicates whether a new message has been received.
NO_CACHE
Indicates whether it is allowed to use cache.
PERSISTENT_SHOPPING_CART
A link to information about your cart and viewing history if you have asked the site.
POLL
The ID of any polls you have recently voted in.
POLLN
Information on what polls you have voted on.
RECENTLYCOMPARED
The items that you have recently compared.
STF
Information on products you have emailed to friends.
STORE
The store view or language you have selected.
USER_ALLOWED_SAVE_COOKIE
Indicates whether a customer allowed to use cookies.
VIEWED_PRODUCT_IDS
The products that you have recently viewed.
WISHLIST
An encrypted list of products added to your Wishlist.
WISHLIST_CNT
The number of items in your Wishlist.
Company
Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Quick Links
Site Map
Search Terms
Advanced Search
Account
My Account
Orders and Returns
© 2016 Classic Marine Online Chandlery. All Rights Reserved.