https://shop.sunmountain.com/privacy-policy.html
Bags
Men
Women
Carts
Push Carts
Accessories
Cart Parts
Outerwear
Men
Women
Clubglider
Clubglider
Luggage
About
History
Why Buy Sun Mountain
Blog
Find Retailer
Dealer Locator
Preferred Internet Retailers
International Distributors
Media
Press
SMS Catalogs
Product Videos
Support
Customer Care
Ordering/Payment
Shipping/Returns
Warranty
Privacy
User Guides
How To Videos
General Info
Contact Us
Dealer Support
Custom Bags
Custom Outerwear
Search
FREE SHIPPING ON ALL ORDERS $100 AND OVER* Orders within the continental U.S. only
Ordering and PaymentMy AccountGuest CheckoutPayment MethodsView my ordersShipping and ReturnsShipping ChargesShipping MethodsDeliveryReturn PolicyInternational Return PolicyTracking an OrderWarranty InformationWarranty RegistrationWarranty PolicyEmail Sign UpPrivacySafe Shopping GuaranteePrivacy PolicyUser GuidesHow To VideosGeneral InformationFAQSize ChartSitemapLegal NoticeContact UsCalifornia Proposition 65 Statement
Ordering and Payment
- My Account
- Guest Checkout
- Payment Methods
- View my orders
Shipping and Returns
- Shipping Charges
- Shipping Methods
- Delivery
- Return Policy
- International Return Policy
- Tracking an Order
Warranty Information
- Warranty Registration
- Warranty Policy
Email Sign Up
Privacy
- Safe Shopping Guarantee
- Privacy Policy
User Guides
How To Videos
General Information
- FAQ
- Size Chart
- Sitemap
- Legal Notice
Contact Us
California Proposition 65 Statement
Privacy Policy
Who We Are
Shop.SunMountain is an independent 3rd party retailer which is fully owned and operated by Innovative Sports Distributors, LLC and is licensed to sell Sun Mountain Sports products online via our website shop.sunmountain.com. Shop.SunMountain believes that it is important for users to understand how we treat information about you that we receive by your use of our site.
Information we collect
Personal information such as names, physical addresses, email addresses, phone numbers, and credit card information are only collected when a site user voluntarily provides such information.
Examples of activities that may require collecting personal information include: submitting an order, registering warranty information, submitting an inquiry through our contact form, entering contests, subscribing to our email list, filling out surveys or submitting other forms that require personal information.
Infusionsoft, our customer relationship management software, stores order information, warranty registration, inquiries submitted via our “contact us” form, newsletter subscription status, and account holder status.
Shop.SunMountain.com may use such personal information you provide in the following ways: (A) to fulfill product orders; (B) to register product warranty information with Sun Mountain Sports; (C) to award contest prizes; (D) to better understand the manner in which our site is used and make desired improvements; (E) to respond to specific user inquiries (F) to provide any necessary notices to site visitors (or their parent or guardians); (G) to obtain parental consent from visitors under 18 years of age, as needed; (H) to protect the security of our site; (I) to send users emails regarding Sun Mountain product offerings and/or services.
Note: All customers must opt-in to receive notices and solicitations.
If you do not wish to receive these solicitations from us using your personal information, you may choose not to click the “opt-in” box when you submit a form.
If you opted-in but would like to stop receiving solicitations from us, you may opt-out at any time by clicking the “unsubscribe” link in any email.
In general, you may visit the site without disclosing who you are or revealing any personal information. Our servers capture your IP address, your browser type and language, access times, the content of any undeleted cookies that your browser previously accepted from Shop.SunMountain and the referring website address. This information is compiled for proof of consent, and statistical use, to determine such things as, the number of visits, average time spent on the site, pages viewed, etc. Such information will be used by Shop.SunMountain to measure and understand the use of our site and in our attempts to improve the functionality and content of our site.
Third-parties, cookies and your information
Shop.SunMountain uses "cookies”.
A "cookie" is a small text file (up to 4KB) created by a website that is stored in the user's computer either temporarily for that session only or permanently on the hard disk (persistent cookie). Cookies provide a way for the website to recognize you and keep track of your preferences. Generally, this avoids the repeated entry of the same user information during a session and upon return visits to our site. Most browsers can be set to notify you when you receive a cookie. Our cookies will collect both the browser and operating system that a visitor is using.
Important: You may delete or decline cookies by changing your browser settings. (Click "Help" in the toolbar of most browsers for instructions.) If you do so, some of the features and services of our website may not function properly.
Google Analytics
Shop.SunMountain uses Google Analytics to track site behavior, traffic demographics, referrals, and audience statistics.
Google Analytics collects potentially personally-identifying information such as IP address and transaction number when an order is submitted.
We also use Google Adwords for Display Advertising (e.g., Remarketing, Google Display Network Impression Reporting, the DoubleClick Campaign Manager integration, or Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting). Google Analytics uses cross-device tracking to collect visitor data. Visitors can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customer Display Network ads using Ads Settings.
Shop.SunMountain uses the Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting feature to identify trends in the usage of its website which may be published in reports for internal use. This report will not include personally identifiable information about individuals.
At any time, visitors may choose to opt-out of Google Analytics tracking with the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on.
Criteo
Shop.SunMountain also uses Criteo for remarketing.
This service provider places anonymous cookies on the browsers of visitors to the Shop.SunMountain website. These cookies are used specifically for remarketing purposes to advertise Shop.SunMountain products. If you would like more information regarding Criteo’s privacy policy and opt-out options, click here.
Facebook Pixel
Shop.SunMountain uses the Facebook pixel, an analytics tool that allows us to measure the effectiveness of our advertising by understanding the actions people take on our website. This service provider places cookies on the browsers of visitors to the Shop.SunMountain website.
We use pixel data to ensure ads are being shown to the right people and build advertising audiences.
Vimeo
We use Vimeo as a third-party video platform that stores our product/how-to videos.
Vimeo automatically collects information from your browser when you visit our website and load a video. This information includes your IP address, your browser type and language, access times, the content of any undeleted cookies that your browser previously accepted from Vimeo and the referring website address.
More information on Vimeo’s privacy policy.
Hotjar
Shop.SunMountain uses heat-mapping software that records how customers navigate and use our site.
This information is used to improve site structure and content. An individual’s personal information is not shared with Hotjar without his/her consent.
Shop.SunMountain will not disclose personal information to third parties other than Sun Mountain Sports, unless such disclosure is agreed to by the site user as a part of the information collection process, or unless such disclosure is required by law.
Cybba
Shop.SunMountain uses Cybba for email remarketing. This service provider captures keystrokes in the email field in check-out so that we may send you an email reminder in case your cart
is abandoned.Your email will not be stored for other marketing messages and is automatically deleted after 14 days.
This service strictly acts as a reminder that you left items in your cart.
Your email address will never be sold to third parties.
If you would like more information regarding Cybba's privacy policy, click here.
Avalara
Shop.SunMountain uses Avalara to collect and remit sales tax to various states.
Your order information is passed and stored in the Avalara system to file taxes on behalf of Shop.SunMountain.com.
Your credit card information is not passed to Avalara.
User Submissions
Once you have submitted information, you may not be able to edit or delete such information.
However, if you would like to see or delete your data, please email sales.shop@sunmountain.com.
Security
Our site uses standard security measures to protect against the altering, loss or misuse of the information under our control. When product purchases are made using credit card information, such information is transmitted using industry standard, SSL (secure socket layer) encryption.
We do not store such financial information on our servers.
Our site may at times contain links to other sites of third parties. We are not responsible for the content of those sites or for their respective privacy practices.
Shop.SunMountain may revise its Privacy Policy from time to time. As a user, you are responsible when you visit our Site, to review the current policy. If you are not in agreement with the then current policy, you should discontinue the use of our site.
We ask that visitors considered legal minors (18 years and younger) do not provide information to our site without the consent of their parents. Parents should supervise the online activities of their children and consider the use of parental control tools available from online services and software providers.
Quick reference guide
You may delete or decline cookies by changing your browser settings. (Click "Help" in the toolbar of most browsers for instructions.) If you do so, some of the features and services of our website may not function properly.
InfusionSoft- Our customer relationship management software that stores order data, warranty registration, customer inquiries (up to 30 days), email subscribers, account holders, and contest entries.
If you would like a copy of your stored information or delete your data, please email sales.shop@sunmountain.com.
Google Analytics- Our software for tracking site behavior, traffic demographics, referrals, and audience statistics.
We also use Google Adwords for remarketing efforts.
If you would like to opt-out of analytics, we suggest Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on.
If you would like to opt-out of remarketing through Google Adwords, please adjust your Ads Settings.
Yotpo-A third-party review software that stores reviews and questions from customers about our products.
Yotpo only stores your email address if you submit a question or a review.
We can unpublish a review or question if you request that we do so.
We send Yotpo purchase information including the items purchased, your email and your name so that we can request a post-purchase review of your experience/product.
We DO NOT send Yotpo any financial data from your purchase.
Hotjar- Our heat-mapping software that records how customers navigate and use our site.
This information is used to improve site structure and content. An individual’s personal information is not shared with Hotjar without his/her consent.
If you would like to see or delete your data, please email sales.shop@sunmountain.com.
Facebook Pixel- An analytics tool that allows us to measure the effectiveness of our advertising by understanding the actions people take on our website. We use pixel data to ensure our ads are being shown to the right people and build advertising audiences. More information on Facebook’s privacy policy.
Criteo- A third-party advertising service used for remarketing.
This service provider places anonymous ‘cookies’ on the browsers of visitors to the Shop.SunMountain website. These cookies are used specifically for remarketing purposes to advertise Shop.SunMountain products. More information on Criteo’s privacy policy.
Vimeo- A third-party video platform that stores our product and how-to videos.
Vimeo automatically collects information from your browser when you visit our website and load a video. This information includes your IP address, your browser type and language, access times, the content of any undeleted cookies that your browser previously accepted from Vimeo and the referring website address.
More information on Vimeo’s privacy policy.
Cybba- Shop.SunMountain uses Cybba for email remarketing. This service provider captures keystrokes in the email field in check-out so that we may send you an email reminder in case your cart is abandoned.Your email will not be stored for other marketing messages and is automatically deleted after 14 days.
This service strictly acts as a reminder that you left items in your cart.
Your email address will never be sold to third parties. More information on
Cybba's privacy policy.
Avalara- Shop.SunMountain uses Avalara to collect and remit sales tax to various states.
Your order information is passed and stored in the Avalara system to file taxes on behalf of Shop.SunMountain.com.
Your credit card information is not passed to Avalara.
FOLLOW US
@SUNMOUNTAINSPORTS | #SUNMOUNTAINGOLF
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
What's your email?
Submit