http://shopmuseum.com/pages/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Museum of New Mexico Foundation Shops
At the Museum of New Mexico Foundation Shops, we respect your privacy. It is our pledge to you not to make your name available to other companies or individuals. If at any time you would like to be removed from our mailing list, please notify us at service@shopmuseum.org.Museum of New Mexico FoundationThe Museum of New Mexico Foundation is strongly committed to protecting the privacy of our trustees, members, visitors, customers, donors and friends. The Museum of New Mexico Foundation has a strict policy that we will not sell or share anyone’s name, mailing address, telephone number, email address or any other information with any third party. We ask that you do the same. MNMF is only allowed to trade general member names below the Sponsor level with other cultural nonprofits for the purposes of membership acquisition. Only name and address will be provided to only a third-party vendor for one-time use by the cultural partner and, in exchange, an equal number of names from the cultural partner will be provided to MNMF. It is strictly prohibited to solicit or share information on trustees, directors, donors or staff for non-MNMF business. This includes sharing their information or soliciting them for other museums, fundraising organizations, businesses events as well as political events, parties or campaign organizations.We routinely collect contact information (such as street addresses, phone and fax numbers and e-mail addresses); transactional information (such as information collected in connection with the purchase of tickets, memberships and member programs and retail purchases); information collected in connection with newsletter and email subscriptions and information about donations made to the Foundation. In addition, we use technology to collect a wide range of statistical information about the use of our website. For example, we currently use technology to determine how visitors access the website (this information may include the name of the visitor’s Internet service provider or the type of web browser used) and which pages they view. This technology does not identify visitors personally – it simply enables the Foundation to compile statistics about our site visitors and the use of the site.