https://shs100.com/privacy-policy/
Coronavirus: All normal :)   |
Read about our fantastic, unique SHS Health Programmes!
Privacy Policy
Specialist Herbal Supplies LLP (‘SHS’) is committed to protecting your privacy, and takes its responsibilities regarding the security of members’ and customers’ information very seriously. This policy explains how SHS uses any personal information that we collect about you, how you can instruct us if you prefer to limit the use of that information and procedures that we have in place to safeguard your privacy.
The information we collect and how we use it
You can access the SHS website (www.shs100.com) without giving any personal information except in the login area.  We gather information in these areas to allow us to confirm your identity and protect your security.
Website Registration
Anyone registering on the website will need to give their name, email address and agree to the Website’s Terms and Conditions and this Privacy Policy.
Information required for online sales
SHS requires anyone purchasing from the website to provide billing and shipping details (where applicable) and credit/debit card details. This information allows us to process and despatch your order.
Information required for telephone sales
SHS requires anyone purchasing over the telephone to provide billing and shipping details (where applicable) and credit/debit card details. This information allows us to process and despatch your order.
Use of Personal Data
We process your Personal Data only for specific and limited purposes. We ask only for data that is adequate, relevant and not excessive for those purposes. We use your personal data for the purposes registered in our notification at the Data Protection Register. Some of these purposes include the following:- We may contact you occasionally to inform you of new products, services or events we think will be of interest to you.
We may send you emails regarding an order placed online.
We may send you requested product information and promotional material.
We will not sell or distribute your Personal Data to third parties for marketing and direct selling purposes in order for you to receive offers, news and information from such third parties about their products and/or services.
Managing your Communication Preferences
SHS communicates with you for the purpose of promoting, delivering and improving your experience of SHS and its products and services. SHS is committed to protecting your privacy, and takes its responsibilities regarding the security of your information very seriously. SHS will only contact you via email or telephone to discuss an order you have placed or if you have requested specific advice and information directly.
Our use of cookies and other information gathering technologies
In addition to the information we collect as described above, we use technology to collect anonymous information about the use of our Website. For example, we use technology to track which pages of our Website our visitors view. We also use technology to determine which Internet browsers our visitors use. This technology does not identify you personally, it simply enables us to compile statistics about our visitors and their use of our Website.
Our Website contains hyperlinks to other pages on our Website. We use technology to track how often these links are used and which pages on our Website our visitors choose to view. Again this technology does not identify you personally – it simply enables us to compile statistics about the use of these hyperlinks.
We use this anonymous data to improve the content and functionality of this Website and our e-mail updates, to better understand our customers and markets, and to improve our products and services.
In order to collect the anonymous data, we may use temporary “cookies” that collect the first level domain name of the user and the date and time you accessed this Website. Cookies by themselves cannot be used to discover the identity of the user. A cookie is a small piece of information which is sent to your browser and stored on your computer’s hard drive. Cookies do not damage your computer. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie. This enables you to decide if you want to accept it or not.
We also use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Website. An IP address is a numeric code that identifies your computer on a network, or in this case, the Internet. Your IP address is also used to gather broad demographic information, such as determining how many of our visitors are from outside of the UK.
We may also perform IP lookups to determine which domain you are coming from (i.e. aol.com, yourcompany.com) to more accurately gauge our users’ demographics.
Disclosure of your Personal Data
We do not share, sell or distribute your Personal Data with unrelated third parties except as set out above under ‘Use of Personal Data’ or under these limited circumstances:-
Personal Data may occasionally be transferred to third parties who act for or on behalf of SHS, or in connection with the business of SHS for further processing in accordance with the purposes for which the data was originally collected or for purposes to which you have subsequently consented. For example,  a third party such as a payment gateway provider (SagePay or Paypal) may have access to your Personal Data in order to handle credit/debit card transactions securely.
We may share or transfer the information in our databases to comply with a legal requirement, for the administration of justice, to protect your vital interests, to protect the security or integrity of our databases or this Website, to take precautions against legal liability, or in the event of a corporate sale, merger, reorganisation, dissolution or similar event. Where appropriate, before disclosing Personal Data to a third party, we contractually require the third party to take adequate precautions to protect that data.
Data integrity and security
We strive to maintain the reliability, accuracy, completeness and currency of Personal Data in our databases and to protect the privacy and security of our databases.
We keep your Personal Data only for as long as reasonably necessary for the purposes for which it was collected or to comply with any applicable legal or ethical reporting or document retention requirements. Our servers and our databases are protected by industry standard security technology, such as industry standard firewalls and password protection.
The employees who have access to Personal Data shall handle such data properly and in accordance with our security protocols and strict standards of confidentiality. Although we cannot guarantee against any loss, misuse, unauthorised disclosure, alteration or destruction of data, we try to prevent such unfortunate occurrences.
Data access and corrections
Upon receipt of your written request and enough information to permit us to identify your Personal Data, we will disclose to you the Personal Data we hold about you. We will also correct, amend or delete any Personal Data that is inaccurate and notify any third party recipients of the necessary changes. If you wish to access or correct your Personal Data, please write to Specialist Herbal Supplies, 18 Station Road, Portslade, Brighton BN41 1GB.
SHS Ratings and Comments
Where our Website allows the user to post ratings and comments on items purchased within the Website, these should be regarded solely as personal opinions of the user posting them and may carry the name of the person making those comments.
Links to other websites
This Privacy Policy applies only to this Website. This Website contains hyperlinks to websites that are not operated by SHS. These hyperlinks are provided for your reference and convenience only and do not imply any endorsement of the activities of these third-party websites or any association with their operators. We do not control these websites and are not responsible for their data or privacy practices.
We urge you to review any privacy policy posted on any site you visit before using the website or providing any Personal Data about yourself.
Your consent
By submitting your information you consent to the use of that information as set out in this Privacy Policy. If we change our Privacy Policy we will post the change on this page, and may places notices on other pages of the Website, so that you may be aware of the information we collect and how we use it at all times. Continued use of the service will signify that you agree to any such changes.
Owing to the global nature of the Internet infrastructure, the information you provide may be transferred in transit to countries outside the European Economic Area that do not have similar protections in place regarding your data and its use as set out in this policy. However, we have taken the steps outlined above to try to improve the security of your information. By submitting your information you consent to these transfers.
How to contact SHS
We welcome your views about our Website and our Privacy Policy. If you would like to contact us with any queries or comments please send an email to sales@shs100.com or write us at Specialist Herbal Supplies, 18 Station Road, Portslade, Brighton BN41 1GB.
Save your cart?
x
We save your email and cart so we can send you reminders - don't email me.