https://shs100.com/terms-conditions/
Coronavirus: All normal :)   |
Read about our fantastic, unique SHS Health Programmes!
Terms & Conditions
These terms and conditions govern the sale of products by us (Specialist Herbal Supplies LLP) to you on the www.shs100.com website. These terms and conditions constitute the entire agreement between Specialist Herbal Supplies whose registered address is Portslade Hall, 18 Station Road, Portslade, Brighton, BN41 1GB, (VAT Reg No: 338 6478 60 and Comapny Reg No: OC312065) and you the customer. Please read these conditions carefully before purchasing Specialist Herbal Supplies’ products. By ordering our products, you signify your agreement to be bound by these terms and conditions.
General
Items sold by Specialist Herbal Supplies are dispatched from our registered address in Brighton, the United Kingdom. All purchases made by you are completed and performed in the UK and UK law shall govern every aspect of contractual agreement concerning purchases made from us.
Specialist Herbal Supplies are dedicated to your total satisfaction. If we can help in any way, please contact us on 01273 424333 (Int +44 1273 424 333) or email: sales@shs100.com
Making a purchase
When you place an order on our website to purchase goods from us, this constitutes an “Offer to Buy” from you.
Our “Order Confirmation” emails are to confirm that we have received your “Offer to Buy”. All orders are subject to our terms and conditions and we reserve the right to cancel or suspend your order based on these.
We accept this order when we send you an “Order Shipment” email confirming that we have dispatched the goods you have ordered from us. That acceptance will be deemed to be complete and communicated to you at the time we send the Shipment email, whether you receive that email or not.
We accept credit and debit card or paypal payments. If you are outside the UK, your card company will convert the transaction to your own currency. We accept Visa, Mastercard and American Express. We can also accept cheques drawn on a UK bank or payments directly into our HSBC bank account, details of which are: Sort code – 40-25-06; Account Number – 41161024.
Discounts
Buy 3 get 1 Free – if you buy 3 of any size of any same product we will send a 4th FREE. To make this show in your cart, simply enter “4” for the quantity and 1 will be deducted in the checkout process.
Quantity Value discounts – If your order exceeds:
£100 you receive 5% discount
£200 you receive 10% discount
£500 you receive 15% discount
Shipping and handling
In the UK, shipping is £2.99 for orders £30 or under, for orders over £30 shipping is FREE.
Outside the UK, shipping is charged at 10% of order total with a minimum fee of £2.99.
Delivery
Orders placed by 2pm Mon-Fri (except Bank Holidays) are sent the same day. In the UK we use Royal Mail 1st Class or Royal Mail Tracked/Signed or a courier depending on order size and value.
Outside the UK we use Royal Mail International Services or courier depending on order size. Deliveries to the EU can take up to 14 working days and to countries outside of the EU can take up to 21 working days.
Security
Specialist Herbal Supplies uses SagePay to manage credit/debit card payments online with Transport Layer Security 1.2 (TLS 1.2) and PayPal which offers ‘Buyer Protection, Fraud Protection and Advanced Data Encryption’.
Guarantee
We offer 100% satisfaction or your money back. There are no exceptions to this guarantee.
Returns and refunds
If you require a refund or exchange, please contact us for details of our procedure. We promise you will have ‘no hassle’ if you ever want to return anything.
Complaints
We take complaints very seriously. If you have any questions or complaints about your order, please contact us. You may be entitled to exchange the product or to cancel the contract and receive a refund. You can write to us at the registered address above or email sales@shs100.com. Nothing in the Terms and Conditions affect your statutory legal rights.
Privacy Policy
Click here for our Privacy Policy.
Alteration of Service or Amendments to the Conditions
We reserve the right to make changes to our policies, and these terms and conditions at any time. You will be subject to the policies and terms and conditions in force at the time that you order goods from us, unless any change to those policies or these conditions is required to be made by law or government authority (in which case it will apply to orders previously placed by you). If any of these conditions is deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that condition will be deemed severable and will not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining condition.
Events Beyond our Reasonable Control
We will not be held responsible for any delay or failure to comply with our obligations under these conditions if the delay or failure arises from any cause which is beyond our reasonable control including but not limited to any statutory changes or rulings by any act or customs authority affecting the customs duty payable by you. This condition does not affect your legal rights.
Disclaimer
This information (and accompanying material) provided by Specialist Herbal Supplies LLP is not intended to replace the attention or advice of a physician or other healthcare professional. Anyone wishing to embark on any dietary, drug, exercise or other lifestyle change intended to prevent or treat a specific disease or condition should first consult and seek clearance from a qualified healthcare professional.
Specialist Herbal Supplies strongly advises that anyone who is currently taking medicinal products and or suffer from any form of medical disorder should consult their doctor prior to taking our products. All images on this website are for illustration and guidance purposes only, actual sizes and shapes may vary. Specialist Herbal Supplies LLP strives to ensure that information on this site is as accurate as possible, but does not accept responsibility or liability for any inaccuracies.
Save your cart?
x
We save your email and cart so we can send you reminders - don't email me.