https://siegelauctions.com/privacy.php
America's Premier Stamp Auctioneer Since 1930
HomePower Search™AuctionsUpcomingPast SalesSiegel InternationalRarities SalesGross CollectionVignettesSiegel InternationalResearchSell StampsAbout SiegelPeopleFirm’s HistoryMy Siegel
Contact Siegel6 West 48th Street9th FloorNew York, NY 10036Contact by phone:New York: (212) 753-6421Dallas: (214) 754-5991
NOTICE REGARDING PRIVACY AND PROTECTION, AND AGREEMENT GOVERNING YOUR USE OF THE SIEGEL WEBSITE
Use of the Robert A. Siegel Auction Galleries website (“Siegel” and “website” herein) indicates your agreement to all terms, conditions and notices contained herein or otherwise posted on the website.
PURPOSES
Your personal data is stored on servers in Siegel's control for the purpose of enabling you to participate in Siegel auctions and access information. Siegel does not sell or convey your personal data to any third party.
PRIVACY
Your personal data is kept confidential with access limited to Siegel employees. Employees are prohibited from copying or disclosing any information about clients. However, on occasion Siegel may be required to disclose your personal data to authorized agents or contractors to process transactions or communicate with you. These parties are required to keep the information confidential and will not use the information for any purpose other than to carry out the services they are performing for Siegel.
SECURITY
Any personal data you provide to Siegel is securely stored in a database, to which only Siegel employees or authorized contractors have access. Security measures are used to ensure that access to your personal data is limited to a “need to know” basis for a specific purpose. The server holding your personal data is protected against both unauthorized physical and electronic access. These measures include an electronic firewall and various other protection measures that involve virus scanning, installation of security patches, vulnerability testing, backup and recovery planning, employee training, security audits and other steps designed to constantly improve the data protection posture.
WEBSITE
In general, you may browse the website anonymously. However, certain online services require the collection of personally identifying information, such as your name, address, and, when appropriate, your credit information. For transactions over the website involving particularly sensitive information, such as credit card numbers and accounting information, Siegel will employ accepted transmission and storage protocols, such as encryption, to prevent this information from being disclosed. This means that when you type in sensitive information such as credit card details, it will be automatically converted into codes before being securely sent over the Internet. This information will be used for processing transactions, but may also be used for internal data processing, such as compiling statistical information about your interests and the use of the website. As a service to you, Siegel may also use this information to customize the website content.
In consideration of your use of the website, you agree to: (a) provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by any registration form that you may fill out on any website (such information being the “Registration Data”) and (b) maintain and promptly update the Registration Data to keep it true, accurate, current and complete. If you provide any Registration Data that is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, or Siegel has grounds to suspect that such Registration Data is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, Siegel has the right to suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future use of the website (or any portion thereof).
You may receive a password and/or account designation, or a digital signature upon completing the registration process on the website. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of any such password, digital signature and account, and are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your password, digital signature or account. You agree to (a) immediately notify Siegel of any unauthorized use of your password, digital signature or account or any other breach of security, and (b) ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session. Siegel cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with this paragraph.
E-MAIL
To provide you with timely notices about upcoming auctions, Siegel may send you e-mail notices based on your expressed interests and bidding history. At any time, you may also send an e-mail to stamps@siegelauctions.com requesting to be removed from Siegel's notification list.
BUSINESS RELATIONSHIPS
The website contains links to other websites, but Siegel is not responsible for the conduct of these linked principals.
COOKIES
Siegel may also use a “cookie,” a small text file placed on your computer's hard disk that identifies your browser software to a website. Siegel uses “session” Cookies. Session Cookies allow Siegel to implement website functionality by keeping track of whether you have logged in to our My Siegel service, details of active searches in our Power Search™ engine, security authorizations and other functionality. Sessions cookies are time limited, not kept between website visits and contain no personally identifying information. Siegel also uses a third party website use partner, Google Analytics, to monitor and analyze website usage.
EXCEPTIONS
While Siegel will not voluntarily disclose your personal data, such information may be disclosed if Siegel is required or compelled to do so by: (a) Court Order, (b) government or law enforcement authority, or (c) pursuant to other legal processes, or if it becomes necessary to protect Siegel's rights or property.
LIABILITY DISCLAIMERS
The website content may contain inaccuracies or typographical errors. Except as may be separately specifically provided with respect to a particular sale, Siegel makes no representations about the accuracy, reliability, completeness, or timeliness of the content or about the results to be obtained from using the website and the content. Any use of the website and the content is at your own risk. Advice received via the website should not be relied upon for personal, medical, legal or financial decisions, and you should consult an appropriate professional for specific advice tailored to your situation. Changes are periodically made to the website and may be made at any time.
You acknowledge and agree that, in the event that there are discrepancies or differences between the descriptions of property provided on the website, on the one hand, and the saleroom catalogue or saleroom addenda and announcements related to such property, on the other, the latter will in all events be considered to be authoritative and controlling.
Siegel does not warrant that the website will operate error-free, continuously or without interruption, or that the website or its server are free of computer viruses or other harmful content. If your use of the website or the content results in the need for servicing or replacing equipment or data, the company is not responsible for those costs.
INDEMNITY
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Siegel, its officers, directors, employees and agents, from and against any losses, liabilities, damages, costs, and expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable legal, expert and accounting fees, incurred in connection with any claims, actions or demands alleging or resulting from your use of the content (including software), your breach of this Agreement, or your violation of law or of the rights of any third party. Siegel shall provide notice to you promptly of any such claim, suit, or proceeding and, if it is one asserted by a third party, shall provide reasonable assistance to you, at your expense, in defending any such claim, suit or proceeding.
CONFLICT RESOLUTION AND SOCIAL MEDIA
You agree not to use a public conflict resolution service and not to use any form of social media to publish comments or information about Siegel and its employees which might harm Siegel's reputation or business. You agree to delete and/or retract statements from any form of social media that Siegel, in its sole discretion, might deem harmful to its reputation or business.
GENERAL
The website is based in the State of New York in the United States of America. All legal issues arising from or related to the use of the website shall be construed in accordance with and determined by the laws of the State of New York applicable to contracts entered into and performed within the State of New York without respect to its conflict of laws principles. By using the website, you agree that the exclusive forums for any claims or causes of action arising out of your use of the website shall be the state courts for or within New York County in the State of New York, and the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York. You hereby irrevocably waive, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection which you may now or hereafter have to the laying of the venue of any such proceeding brought in such a court and any claim that any such proceeding brought in such a court has been brought in an inconvenient forum.
If any provision of this Agreement is found to be invalid by any court having competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of this Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect. The failure of Siegel to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision, and no waiver of any term of this Agreement shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or any other term. You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to use of the website must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred. This Agreement constitutes the entire Agreement between you and Siegel with respect to the use of the website. Any changes to this Agreement must be made in writing, signed by an authorized Siegel representative.
Copyright 2020. All rights reserved by Siegel Auction Galleries Inc. Information and images may be used with credit to Siegel Auction Galleries or siegelauctions.com subject to guidelines and restrictions.
Website Terms of Use and Privacy Policy