http://sikafootwear.com/privacy
Order Toll Free
1-800-665-2124
Choose Your Country
Shop Online
Main Menu
Home
About Sika Clogs
Super Safety Clogs
Comfort Clogs
Flex Clog
Optima Clog
Testimonials
Endorsements
Newsletters & Company News
F.A.Q.
Sizes
View Our Brochure
SIKA Footwear Privacy Policy
SIKA Footwear is a Division of Greenhouse Style Corporation
At Greenhouse Style Corporation, we value the trust of our customers. To earn your trust, we respect your privacy in handling personally-identifiable information relating to you and your transactions with us.
This Privacy Statement describes the personally identifiable information we gather about you, what we do with it, the safeguards we have in place to protect it, and how you can control our use of it.
What personally identifiable information does Greenhouse Style Corporation request?
We collect personally identifiable information that you voluntarily provide to us when you register on the site, request a catalog, place an order, give us a telephone call or send us a letter or e-mail. This personally identifiable information may include your name, mailing address, e-mail address, telephone number, fax number, credit card number and expiration date, and other optional demographic information.
You may browse our web site without supplying any personally identifiable information, but we will need to collect personally identifiable information to process your orders or to send you offers or information that you request.
What about web site "cookies"?
In order to use our web site, your computer must accept the use of cookies, which are small data files that are stored on your computer's hard drive. Cookies do not contain personally-identifying information and do not give us control over your computer. Some of our business allies whose sites are accessible from our site may also use cookies, but we have no access to or control over these cookies. The information that we store in cookies is used to track your activity at our web site and to access your individualized settings (such as your online shopping cart) to make your visit more convenient and to make it unnecessary for you to re-enter this information when you make return visits to our site and which automatically accesses user ID and password information in order to automatically log you into the site.
How does Greenhouse Style Corporation use personally identifiable information about me?
The personally identifiable information that you voluntarily provide to us will be used to process your orders, and may be used to identify you within our systems. We may use your email address to contact you if we have questions about your order. We may also use your email address to notify you about new services or product sales promotions, or send you offers or information.
With whom might Greenhouse Style Corporation share personally identifiable information about me?
We will not disclose personally-identifiable information about you to others. except as disclosed in this Privacy Statement or as specifically authorized by you at the time the information is collected.
We contract with third parties to provide specific products or services to you. For example, we use an outside shipping company to ship orders; and we use outside service providers to operate our web site and to send e-mails to customers and prospective customers. These service providers are provided with only the information that they need to perform their functions and are not permitted to use or disclose your personally-identifiable information for other purposes without your authorization.
We may share your personally identifiable information within the Greenhouse Style Corporation family of businesses - including our retail, and online operations - in order to send you information and to cater to your shopping preferences.
To make online shopping more convenient for you, our web site provides access links to Greenhouse Style Corporation's other companies' web sites or co-branded web sites that may be designed to look similar to this web site. If you request additional information or order products or services from one of the companies featured on our web site, that company may provide us with the information you have given to them. We are not responsible for the content appearing on these companies' web sites or for the privacy practices of these companies. We encourage you to read the privacy policy on the other company's web site if you have any concerns about how information may be collected or used. If you make a purchase or request a service from a featured company that you access through a frame on our web site, information relating to that transaction will be available to us as well as the featured company.
We may share personally identifiable information with law enforcement or other entities as required by law or as we reasonably determine to be necessary to protect our rights or the rights of others, to prevent harm to persons or property, to fight fraud, or to enforce our web site terms of use. Personally identifiable information may be transferred as an asset in connection with a merger or sale (including any transfers made as part of an insolvency or bankruptcy proceeding) involving all or part of our businesses.
How can I limit the use and sharing of personally identifiable information about me?
You may decline to receive promotional e-mail from us. Every promotional e-mail we send contains instructions and an Internet link to opt out of future e-mail promotions.
This Privacy Statement was posted on January 27, 2003. We reserve the right to change our data practices from time to time.
How is my personally identifiable information protected?
We have implemented numerous safeguards to reasonably and adequately protect personally-identifiable information. Our databases are protected by physical, technical, and procedural measures that restrict information access to authorized persons in accordance with this Privacy Statement. Our information systems are maintained behind a software firewall to isolate them from access by other networks connected to the Internet. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job are granted access to personally identifiable information.
When personally-identifiable information is collected through our web site, the transmission is encrypted using industry-standard Secure Socket Layer ("SSL") technology and sensitive information such as credit card numbers or account information is encrypted for further protection. Our web site is a "Secure Site" recognized by VeriSign, a leading computer network security company.
You also play a valuable part in security. Your password to access our web site should never be shared with anyone and should be changed frequently. After you have finished using our site, you should log out and exit your browser to prevent unauthorized users from returning to your online account.
If you believe that someone has improperly used personally identifiable information about you or has made purchases that you did not authorize, please contact us immediately in one of ways provided below. We are a member of the Better Business Bureau, and we will strive to resolve any customer service complaints promptly in accordance with BBB procedures.
How may I contact Greenhouse Style Corporation?
If you have any questions about our handling of personally-identifiable information, please Contact Us at info@greenhousestyle.com. Alternatively, you may call us toll-free at 1-800-665-2124 fax us at 1-888-842-0391, or write to us at Greenhouse Style Corporation, 14300 Henn Road, Dearborn, MI  48126.
Contact
Sika Footwear
c/o Greenhouse Style Corp.
Estero, Florida
United States
Phone:
Secondary:
Fax:
1 800 665 2124
1 519 945 8870
1 888 273 1251
Sika Footwear
c/o Greenhouse Style Corp.
Windsor, Ontario
Canada
Phone:
Secondary:
Fax:
1 800 665 2124
1 519 945 8870
1 888 273 1251
Site Map  |  Home  |  About Sika Clogs  |  Sizes  |  Contact Us  |  Disclaimers  |  Links  |  Member Login  |  Password Reminder  |  Privacy Policy  |  Returns Policy  |  View Cart  |  Warranty
© 2020 Copyright Greenhouse Style Corporation.
All rights reserved.
Web Design & Hosting by webplanet.ca