https://sillyprillygifts.com/index.php?main_page=privacy
Home
Log In
Categories
Angels->
Bible Covers->
Bible Stands
Wind Spinners->
Crosses->
Lamp Shades->
Lanterns and Chimney Style Lamps
Light Bulbs->
Night Lights->
Reunion Heart
Roses and more!->
Depression Glass
Suncatchers->
Christmas->
Easter
Valentine Day
Special Order
Information
Shipping & Returns
Privacy Notice
Site Map
Newsletter Unsubscribe
Home ::
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
Privacy Statement and Security Information
Information Collection and Use:
The EDDON Corporation DBA Sillyprilly Gifts is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. The EDDON Corporation collects information from our users at several different points on our website.
Ordering:
We request information from the user on our order form. Here a user must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number and expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill customer’s orders. If we have trouble processing an order, this contact information is used to get in touch with the user.
Log Files:
We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Sharing
We do not share aggregated demographic information with any marketing firms, businesses or individuals. We may use outside shipping companies to ship orders, and a credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.
Security
This website takes every precaution to protect our users’ information. When users submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and off-line. When our order form asks users to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number), that information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software in the industry - SSL. While on a secure page, such as our order form, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked, as opposed to un-locked, or open, when you are just ‘surfing’. While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in our power to protect user-information off-line. All of our users’ information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, our billing clerk or a customer service representative) are granted access to personally identifiable information. Furthermore, ALL employees are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices. Every quarter, as well as any time new policies are added, our employees are notified and/or reminded about the importance we place on privacy, and what they can do to ensure our customers’ information is protected.
Notification of Changes:
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
Home
PrillyCharmin Dolls
Copyright © 2020 SillyPrilly Gifts. Powered by Zen Cart