https://silverfallsseed.com/faq/terms-of-service/
View Cart
Account
Checkout
(503) 874-8221
Credit Card Terms and Conditions
Silver Falls Seed Company offers one-time payment options as a convenient option to our customers to pay their one-time charge invoices. With this service, we process your fees once you click on the submit button. By agreeing to our terms and conditions you acknowledge that you are personally responsible for making the charge to your credit card and will contact Silver Falls Seed Company to cancel or change agreements. Thank you for being our client.
Privacy Policy
We are committed to your privacy. This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the silverfallsseed.com website
Data Collected
Among the types of personal data that this application collects, by itself or through third parties, there are: cookies, usage data, and email. This may also include personal information such as your name, address, phone, and credit card information.
Other personal data collected may be described in other sections of this privacy policy. The personal data may be freely provided by the user or collected automatically when using this application.
Disclosure of Data
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect our or other’s rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third Party Links
We do not offer third party links or offers at this time.
Data Usage
We may use your information to improve our website, improve customer service and/or send periodic emails. If you would like to unsubscribe from our emails at any time, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
Consent and Policy Changes
By using our website, you consent to the collection and use of this information by Silver Falls Seed Company. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
Contact Us
Should you have any questions or concerns about this privacy policy and how your information will be used, you may contact us at contact@silverfallsseed.com
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google utilizes the data collected to track and examine the use of this application, prepare reports on its activities, and share them with other Google services. This cookie allows us to see information on user website activities including but not limited to page views, source, and time spent on the website. The information is depersonalized and displayed as numbers. It cannot be tracked back to an individual.
Google may use the data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network. Data collected includes cookies and usage data.
Adwords, Shopping Conversion Tracking, and Remarketing
Google Adwords and Remarketing are web advertising services provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Third-party vendors, including Google, show your ads on internet sites. Third-party vendors, including Adwords code, allows us to see which pages helped to lead to contact submission. We can identify the referring source and make better use of paid advertising. Google uses cookies to serve ads based on a user’s prior visit to your website. Users may opt out of tracking by visiting Google Advertising Opt-Out page. {https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en}
We will not target, match, or collect personally identifiable information (PII) with interest-based advertising campaigns nor supply this information to Google.
Google utilizes the data collected to track and examine the use of this application, prepare reports on its activities, and share them with other Google services. Google may use the data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network. Data collected includes cookies and usage data.
Our Limited Warranty & Disclaimer of Liability
The Seller warrants that the seeds we sell have been labeled as required by law and/or as described by us on the container within recognized tolerances. We make no other warranties, expressed or implied, of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose otherwise. Our liability, whether contractual, for negligence or otherwise, is limited in all respects to the amount of the purchase price of the seeds, regardless of the nature, cause or extent of the loss. It is expressly agreed that this limited remedy is exclusive and that we shall not be liable for any damages over and above the purchase price of this product. And as a condition to any liability on our part, we must receive notice by registered mail of any claim that the seed is defective within 30 days after the defect in the seed becomes apparent.
NOTICE OF ARBITRATION: It is further agreed that any dispute arising out of your purchase of these seeds shall be resolved by binding arbitration. We agree that the arbitration shall be governed by the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association or the Federal Internationale de Commerce des Semences, whichever rules are applicable in the state or country where the crops involved in the dispute were grown. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THESE PROVISIONS, RETURN THIS PRODUCT AT ONCE IN ITS ORIGINAL, UNOPNED CONTAINER AND YOUR PURCHASE PRICE WILL BE REFUNDED.
NOTICE ARBITRATION/CONCILATION/MEDIATION REQUIRED BY SEVERAL STATES: Under the seed laws of several states, arbitration, mediation, or conciliation is required as a prerequisite to maintaining a legal action based upon the failure of seed to which this notice is attached to produce as representation. The consumer shall file a complaint (sworn for AR, FL, IN, MS, SC, TX, WA; signed only CA, GA, ID, ND SD) along with the required filing fee (where applicable) with the Commissioner/Director/Secretary of Agriculture Seed Commissioner, or Chief Agriculture Officer within such time as to permit inspection of the crops, plants or trees by the designated agency and the seedsman from whom the seed was purchased. A copy of the complaint shall be sent to the seller by certified or registered mail or as otherwise provided by state statute.
Cereal Grain Seed Species
Flower Seed Mixes and Blends
Forage and Pasture Mixes
Grass Seed Mixes and Blends
Ground Cover/Erosion Control
Individual Flower Seed Species
Individual Grass Seed Species
Northwest Native Seed
Pollinator Species
First Name*Last Name*Email*
Phone*City*
City
State*
State / Province / Region
Message*CAPTCHAPhoneThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Contact Information
Silver Falls Seed Company
5648 Evans Valley Lp. NE
Silverton, OR 97381
Visits are by appointment only
Phone: (503) 874-8221
Fax: (503) 873-8861
FLOWER SEED PRODUCTION FIELDS ARE NOT OPEN TO THE PUBLIC. VISITING FIELDS IS DISCOURAGED. VISIT OUR FACEBOOK PAGE FOR UPDATES AND PHOTOS.
© 2020 Silver Falls Seed Company.Website created by All Pro Webworks, LLC.