https://simmonshockey.com/about-2/terms-and-conditions
Skip to the content
0Cart (us) $ 0.00
0
Toggle navigation
0Cart (us) $ 0.00
0
Home
Simmons Gear
Senior Pro
Goalie Chest and Arm
Goalie Pants
Goalie Sticks
Goalie Mask
Goalie Protective Cups
Goalie Equipment Bags
Goalie Accessories
Custom Gear
Custom Simmons 1000 Pro Series
Custom Simmons 586 Pro Series
Custom Simmons Ultra Light – UL9 and ULX Pro Series
Service and Repair
Skate Service and Repair
Tech Talk
Toe Tie for Hockey Goalies – Wiki
Hockey Skate Sharpening Basics
Skate profiling for ice hockey goalies; my personal experience
What is hockey skate profiling, and why should I care?
My Account
Checkout
Cart
Wishlist
About
Contact
Store Location
Equipment Sizing Guides
Ear-Saver
Comfortable solution to help medical workers with face mask elastic
HAND CRAFTED IN NORTH AMERICA     |     WORLD'S FIRST GOALIE EQUIPMENT SPECIALIST STORE     |     AFFORDABLE WORLD WIDE SHIPPING
Select Currency
United States Dollar
Canadian Dollar
WOOCS v.1.3.4
SIZING GUIDES
Close Menu
Search for:
Home »
Blog »
About » Terms and Conditions
PRE-ORDER AND SHIPPING
At Simmons we have always prided ourselves for being a mail and online order company. We like to ensure that our customers are properly fitted and that they are purchasing the proper equipment for their style of play. This is why we use a Pre-Order system. It allows for us to ensure your order is correct, you are getting the best value for shipping and that we have an opportunity to connect with our customers.
NO Duty or Brokerage fees for all orders shipped to the U.S.A
Shipping Companies we use: UPS, FEDEX, United States Postal Service, Canada Post and more
RETURN POLICIES
All Returns must be authorized by a Simmons Hockey.  You will receive this authorization via email only.
Any Unauthorized Returns will be refused at delivery and returned to the sender.
All items being returned must be accompanied by the original invoice and credit card slip.
All items must be received by Simmons Hockey within 15 days of purchase.
Any equipment soiled, marked or worn on the ice for any length of time in not returnable.
All shipping and handling charges are the responsibility of the purchaser.
Any and All Refunds are subject to a 10% restocking charge.
There are NO returns on Custom Equipment.
CUSTOM ORDERS ARE NON REFUNDABLE
There are NO returns on Clearance Equipment
There are NO Returns on Sticks.
There are NO Warranties on Sticks.
There are NO Warranties on Custom Paint Jobs.
PRICING POLICIES
With our new Website our Prices will be based of the current daily exchange rate. If there is a discrepancy with a price on simmonshockey.com and the physical store. This discrepancy will be addressed by the Simmons Sales Representative at the store and their decision will be final.
MEMBER MEDIA POLICIES
All member media that is able to enter into the Simmons Website, including (Video, Images, Testimonials) must be related to hockey goaltending.
All images, video and text must be “G” rated and deemed unoffensive by the staff of Simmons.
All media that is linked or uploaded to the simmonshockey.com website must not violate any other person’s or companies copy write or intellectual property.
Simmons Hockey LLC does not guarantee the availability of any media that is entered or uploaded to simmonshockey.com.
Simmons Hockey LLC reserves the right to delete any media from its server that we feel does not follow our policy
Simmons Hockey LLC reserves the right to delete your member profile from the server and ban you from using our services if you are in violation of our policies.
SIMMONS PRIVACY POLICY
Simmons Hockey LLC realizes the importance of your personal information. We understand and care how your information handled.
At Simmons Hockey LLC we appreciate the trust that you put in our business when shopping with us. We are committed to using your information responsibly
and will respect you privacy. When visiting our site simmonshockey.com you are accepting our Privacy Policy as well as all other
Policies and Disclaimers described.
Any Information that is collected will be used for internal business purposes only.
Any information that is collected will not be sold, rented or shared with other people or third party companies, unless we have your permission.
Our Privacy Policy is subject to updates. The information that we collect is subject to the Privacy Policy at time of use. Please check the Privacy Policy frequently and if you have any concerns please Contact Us
Any personal customer information that is collected like name, e-mail, phone, address, credit card is used exclusively for the purpose of contacting our customers for their order, sending promotional information and statistical information.
DISCLAIMER: PRODUCT AND PRICING
Simmons Hockey LLC takes great pride in the information that it offers on the its website. We are committed to ensuring that our data (Product Information, Website Information and Pricing) is accurate. There may be times where you will discover that a price , website information or information about a product may be incorrect. If you find information to be incorrect anywhere on this website, we ask that you please Contact Us. and we will correct the information as soon as possible. If there is a dispute in price of a product on the website then a Goalie Equipment Specialist (Sales Representative) at  Simmons 1-800-598-9298 will provide the proper price.
Share this:TwitterFacebook
STORE HOURS
MON:3pm-7:30pm
TUES:3pm-7:30pm
WED:Appointment Only
THUR:Appointment Only
FRI:3pm-7:30pm
SAT:11am-5pm
SUN:Appointment Only
Simmons Hockey
Full Service Goalie Store
255 Great Arrow Ave., Buffalo, New York 14207
CONTACT
Toll Free: (800) 598-9298
Phone: (716) 794-0303
Fax: (716) 794-0304
Contact
Policies and Terms
USD (us) $
United States Dollar
CAD (cdn) $
Canadian Dollar