https://simplyhealed.com/policies/
Carolyn Cooper International, Inc. (CCII) is the parent company for CarolynCooper.com, SimplyHealed.com and TaiChiFlow.com. The following policies are applicable to all CCII companies and its subsidiaries.
Privacy Policy, Refunds & Exchanges Policy, and Terms & Conditions
Privicy Policy
This policy covers how we use your personal information. We take your privacy SERIOUSLY and will take all measures to protect your personal information.
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey or fill out a form.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience
(your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
To improve our website
(we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
To improve customer service
(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
To process transactions
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
To send periodic emails
The email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to?keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
Do we use cookies?
We do not use cookies.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our web site privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
support@carolyncooper.com
Returns, Refunds and Exchanges Policy
How To Return An Item
Your item must be in its original unused condition to be returned, unless there is a manufacturer defect. You must return the item within 30 days of your purchase.
1. Please email support@carolyncooper.com to request a refund.
2. Mail your returned item to:
Carolyn Cooper International, Inc
PO Box  910546
St. George, UT 84790
3. Include in your package a signed letter stating the reason for your return and the original receipt.
Return Exceptions
Some items cannot be returned. These include digital downloads and group calls after 30 minutes prior to the call start time.
Some items have a limited return policy. These include all online courses. You may request a return within 48 hours of registering for the course. Online courses that have been completed are not eligible for return, even if request is within the 48 hours after registering for the course. After 48 hours or if the course has been completed, refunds are not given.
Exchanges
Exchanges may be accepted on a per instance situation. Please inquire at:
support@carolyncooper.com.
Cancellations/Reschedules for Private Sessions
Cancellation requests for a full refund can be made to: support@carolyncooper.com before 48 hours of scheduled appointment.  Cancellations made within 48 hours and the scheduled appointment can be made less a $50 late cancellation fee.
To reschedule an appointment before 48 hours of scheduled appointment, click the appropriate link found in the confirmation email or email support@carolyncooper.com with client name, current date of appointment, and preferred date change. Please note that only current open dates on the schedule can be used for rescheduling. If the preferred date is not available, other options may be given to choose from.
An appointment cannot be rescheduled within 48 hours prior to scheduled session. However, the appointment can be cancelled and refunded, less a $50 cancellation fee, and then a new appointment can be scheduled and purchased.
There are NO refunds if a client doesn’t call at the scheduled time or once a session has been given.
Cancellations/Refunds on Trainings
Cancellation request must be emailed to: support@carolyncooper.com. Please include title of class and dates.
If you cancel 45 days prior to the first date of training, a refund will be issued less $150 for processing and administration fees. You may also credit the amount paid for a training towards a future training. Please contact us at support@carolyncooper.com for more information.
If you cancel less than 45 days prior to the first date of training AND we can fill your place, we will refund everything except $150. If we cannot fill your spot, we cannot refund any monies and remaining balance, if any, must be paid in full. You may also credit the amount paid for a training towards a future training. Please contact us at support@carolyncooper.com for more information.
There are NO refunds once the first date of training has started.
Terms & Conditions
Agreement between user and www.carolyncooper.com, www.simplyhealed.com and www.taichiflow.com
The www.carolyncooper.com, www.simplyhealed.com and www.taichiflow websites (aka the Sites) are comprised of various web pages operated by Carolyn Cooper International, Inc (CCII). The Sites are offered to you conditioned on your acceptance without modification of the terms, conditions, and notices contained herein (the “Terms”). Your use of any of the Sites constitutes your agreement to all such Terms. Please read these terms carefully, and keep a copy of them for your reference.
www.carolyncooper.com, www.simplyhealed.com and www.taichiflow.com are E-commerce Sites
Carolyn Cooper International, Inc (“CCII”) makes available information, materials, services and products on the Sites, subject to the following terms and conditions. By accessing any one of these sites, you agree to all the terms and conditions as outlined in this legal notice, without modification and warrant that you will not use any of the Sites for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these terms, conditions, and notices. CCII reserves the right to change these terms and conditions from time to time at its sole discretion.
Privacy
Your use of the Sites are subject to CCII’s Privacy Policy. Please review our Privacy Policy, which also governs the Sites and informs users of our data collection practices.
Electronic Communications
Visiting the Sites or sending emails to CCII constitutes electronic communications. You consent to receive electronic communications and you agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically, via email and on the Sites, satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.
CCII does not knowingly collect, either online or offline, personal information from persons under the age of thirteen. If you are under 18, you may use the Sites only with permission of a parent or guardian.
Cancellation/Refund Policy
Your use of the Sites are subject to CCII’s Returns, Refunds & Exchanges Policy. Please review our Returns, Refunds & Exchanges Policy, which also governs the Sites and informs users of our data collection practices.
Links to third party sites/Third party services
The Sites may contain links to other websites (“Linked Sites”). The Linked Sites are not under the control of CCII and CCII is not responsible for the contents of any Linked Site, including without limitation any link contained in a Linked Site, or any changes or updates to a Linked Site. CCII is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by CCII of the site or any association with its operators.
Certain services made available via the Sites are delivered by third party sites and organizations. By using any product, service or functionality originating from the Sites domains, you hereby acknowledge and consent that CCII may share such information and data with any third party with whom CCII has a contractual relationship to provide the requested product, service or functionality on behalf of the Sites users and customers.
No unlawful or prohibited use/Intellectual Property
You are granted a non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable license to access and use the Sites strictly in accordance with these terms of use. As a condition of your use of the Sites, you warrant to CCII that you will not use the Sites for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these Terms. You may not use the Sites in any manner which could damage, disable, overburden, or impair the Sites or interfere with any other party’s use and enjoyment of the Sites. You may not obtain or attempt to obtain any materials or information through any means not intentionally made available or provided for through the Sites.
All content included as part of the Service, such as text, graphics, logos, images, as well as the compilation thereof, and any software used on the Sites, are the property of CCII or its suppliers and protected by copyright and other laws that protect intellectual property and proprietary rights. You agree to observe and abide by all copyright and other proprietary notices, legends or other restrictions contained in any such content and will not make any changes thereto.
You will not modify, publish, transmit, reverse engineer, participate in the transfer or sale, create derivative works, or in any way exploit any of the content, in whole or in part, found on the Sites.
CCII content is not for resale. Your use of the Sites do not entitle you to make any unauthorized use of any protected content, and in particular you will not delete or alter any proprietary rights or attribution notices in any content. You will use protected content solely for your personal use, and will make no other use of the content without the express written permission of CCII and the copyright owner. You agree that you do not acquire any ownership rights in any protected content. We do not grant you any licenses, express or implied, to the intellectual property of CCII or our licensors except as expressly authorized by these Terms.
Use of communication services
The Sites may contain bulletin board services, chat areas, news groups, forums, communities, personal web pages, calendars, and/or other message or communication facilities designed to enable you to communicate with the public at large or with a group (collectively, “Communication Services”), you agree to use the Communication Services only to post, send and receive messages and material that are proper and related to the particular Communication Service.
By way of example, and not as a limitation, you agree that when using a Communication Service, you will not: defame, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten or otherwise violate the legal rights (such as rights of privacy and publicity) of others; publish, post, upload, distribute or disseminate any inappropriate, profane, defamatory, infringing, obscene, indecent or unlawful topic, name, material or information; upload files that contain software or other material protected by intellectual property laws (or by rights of privacy of publicity) unless you own or control the rights thereto or have received all necessary consents; upload files that contain viruses, corrupted files, or any other similar software or programs that may damage the operation of another’s computer; advertise or offer to sell or buy any goods or services for any business purpose, unless such Communication Service specifically allows such messages; conduct or forward surveys, contests, pyramid schemes or chain letters; download any file posted by another user of a Communication Service that you know, or reasonably should know, cannot be legally distributed in such manner; falsify or delete any author attributions, legal or other proper notices or proprietary designations or labels of the origin or source of software or other material contained in a file that is uploaded, restrict or inhibit any other user from using and enjoying the Communication Services; violate any code of conduct or other guidelines which may be applicable for any particular Communication Service; harvest or otherwise collect information about others, including e-mail addresses, without their consent; violate any applicable laws or regulations.
CCII has no obligation to monitor the Communication Services. However, CCII reserves the right to review materials posted to a Communication Service and to remove any materials in its sole discretion. CCII reserves the right to terminate your access to any or all of the Communication Services at any time without notice for any reason whatsoever.
CCII reserves the right at all times to disclose any information as necessary to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, or to edit, refuse to post or to remove any information or materials, in whole or in part, in CCII’s sole discretion.
Always use caution when giving out any personally identifying information about yourself or your children in any Communication Service. CCII does not control or endorse the content, messages or information found in any Communication Service and, therefore, CCII specifically disclaims any liability with regard to the Communication Services and any actions resulting from your participation in any Communication Service. Managers and hosts are not authorized CCII spokespersons, and their views do not necessarily reflect those of CCII.
Materials uploaded to a Communication Service may be subject to posted limitations on usage, reproduction and/or dissemination. You are responsible for adhering to such limitations if you upload the materials.
Materials provided to the Sites or posted on any CCII web page
CCII does not claim ownership of the materials you provide to the Sites (including feedback and suggestions) or post, upload, input or submit to any CCII Site or our associated services (collectively “Submissions”). However, by posting, uploading, inputting, providing or submitting your Submission you are granting CCII, our affiliated companies and necessary sublicensees permission to use your Submission in connection with the operation of their Internet businesses including, without limitation, the rights to: copy, distribute, transmit, publicly display, publicly perform, reproduce, edit, translate and reformat your Submission; and to publish your name in connection with your Submission.
No compensation will be paid with respect to the use of your Submission, as provided herein.
Carolyn Cooper International, LLC is under no obligation to post or use any Submission you may provide and may remove any Submission at any time in Carolyn Cooper International, LLC’s sole discretion.
By posting, uploading, inputting, providing or submitting your Submission you warrant and represent that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to your Submission as described in this section including, without limitation, all the rights necessary for you to provide, post, upload, input or submit the Submissions.
International Users
The Service is controlled, operated and administered by CCII from our offices within the USA. If you access the Service from a location outside the USA, you are responsible for compliance with all local laws. You agree that you will not use the CCII Content accessed through the Sites in any country or in any manner prohibited by any applicable laws, restrictions or regulations.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless CCII, its officers, directors, employees, agents and third parties, for any losses, costs, liabilities and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) relating to or arising out of your use of or inability to use the Site or services, any user postings made by you, your violation of any terms of this Agreement or your violation of any rights of a third party, or your violation of any applicable laws, rules or regulations. CCII reserves the right, at its own cost, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, in which event you will fully cooperate with CCII in asserting any available defenses.
Liability disclaimer
THE INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, AND SERVICES INCLUDED IN OR AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SITES MAY INCLUDE INACCURACIES OR TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS. CHANGES ARE PERIODICALLY ADDED TO THE INFORMATION HEREIN. CCII AND/OR ITS SUPPLIERS MAY MAKE IMPROVEMENTS AND/OR CHANGES IN THE SITE AT ANY TIME.
CCII AND/OR ITS SUPPLIERS MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS ABOUT THE SUITABILITY, RELIABILITY, AVAILABILITY, TIMELINESS, AND ACCURACY OF THE INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, SERVICES AND RELATED GRAPHICS CONTAINED ON THE SITES FOR ANY PURPOSE. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ALL SUCH INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, SERVICES AND RELATED GRAPHICS ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” WITHOUT WARRANTY OR CONDITION OF ANY KIND. CCII AND/OR ITS SUPPLIERS HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS WITH REGARD TO THIS INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, SERVICES AND RELATED GRAPHICS, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL CCII AND/OR ITS SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE SITE, WITH THE DELAY OR INABILITY TO USE THE SITE OR RELATED SERVICES, THE PROVISION OF OR FAILURE TO PROVIDE SERVICES, OR FOR ANY  INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, SERVICES AND RELATED GRAPHICS  OBTAINED THROUGH THE SITES, OR OTHERWISE ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THE SITES, WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF CCII OR ANY OF ITS SUPPLIERS HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGES. BECAUSE SOME STATES/JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
IF YOU ARE DISSATISFIED WITH ANY PORTION OF THE SITE, OR WITH ANY OF THESE TERMS OF USE, YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY IS TO DISCONTINUE USING THE SITE.
Termination/access restriction
CCII reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate your access to the Sites and the related services or any portion thereof at any time, without notice. To the maximum extent permitted by law, this agreement is governed by the laws of the State of Utah and you hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of courts in Utah in all disputes arising out of or relating to the use of the Sites. Use of the Sites are unauthorized in any jurisdiction that does not give effect to all provisions of these Terms, including, without limitation, this section.
You agree that no joint venture, partnership, employment, or agency relationship exists between you and CCII as a result of this agreement or use of the Sites.
CCII’s performance of this agreement is subject to existing laws and legal process, and nothing contained in this agreement is in derogation of CCII’s right to comply with governmental, court and law enforcement requests or requirements relating to your use of the Sites or information provided to or gathered by CCII with respect to such use. If any part of this agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable pursuant to applicable law including, but not limited to, the warranty disclaimers and liability limitations set forth above, then the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed superseded by a valid, enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent of the original provision and the remainder of the agreement shall continue in effect.
Unless otherwise specified herein, this agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the user and CCII with respect to the Sites and it supersedes all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether electronic, oral or written, between the user and CCII with respect to the Sites. A printed version of this agreement and of any notice given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to this agreement to the same extent an d subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form. It is the express wish to the parties that this agreement and all related documents be written in English.
Changes to Terms
CCII reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to change the Terms under which the Sites are offered. The most current version of the Terms will supersede all previous versions. CCII encourages you to periodically review the Terms to stay informed of our updates.
Contact Us
Carolyn Cooper International, Inc. welcomes your questions or comments regarding the Terms:
Carolyn Cooper International, Inc.
PO Box 910546
St. George, Utah
Email Address:
support@carolyncooper.com
Telephone number:
(435) 932-0023
Effective as of June 01, 2012
Updated February 20, 2017
SimplyHealed™ Training
About SimplyHealed™
SimplyHealed™ FREE 3-part Audio Series
Group Phone Sessions
Mini-Courses
FAQs
Private Sessions
Certified Practitioners
Blog
Certified SimplyHealed™ Practitioners
Practitioner Hub
Affiliates
Legal – Terms & Policies
Scroll to top