https://sites.sonypictures.com/corp/privacypolicies/b2b/privacy_ENGLISH.html
Skip to main content
PRIVACY AND COOKIES POLICY
This Privacy and Cookies Policy applies to the Sony Pictures Entertainment (a division of Sony Corporation) websites, online features, publicity and asset hub (“Content”) that link to this Privacy and Cookies Policy (“Policy”)(“Service”).
The Service is directed to our business partners and potential business partners, and is not intended for consumers.
In this Policy, we use "SPE," or "we," "us," and "our" to refer to Sony Pictures Entertainment entities. You can also learn more about cookies and similar technology which we use in this Policy.
KEY POINTS
We use personal data to allow you to use the features in the Content, to process your registration, and to provide you with requested Content related to our movies, TV shows, DVD releases, games, and other offerings.
Click here to learn more.
.
We use cookies and other tracking technologies to personalize Content and to make our Content function better. To learn about our use of tracking technologies
click here.
.
We may transfer your personal data to the United States. We use European Commission approved standard contractual clauses to protect your personal data.
Click here to learn more.
.
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We use personal data collected via our Content:
(1)	To fulfil a contract, or take steps linked to a contract;
To process your registration on the Service
To provide you with access to Content and features in the Service
To send you information about changes to our terms or policies.
(2)	Where this is necessary for purposes which are in our, or third parties’, legitimate interests. These interests are:
To send you information you have requested,
To ensure the security of our Service, by trying to prevent unauthorized or malicious activities
To enforce compliance with our
Terms of Use
and other policies and to help other organizations (such as copyright owners) to enforce their rights,
To tailor Content for you.
(3)	Where you give us consent:
Where you give us consent to place cookies and to use similar technologies
On other occasions where we ask you for consent, for a purpose which we explain at that time.
(4) For purposes which are required by law:
In response to requests by government or law enforcement authorities conducting an investigation.
We retain personal data as long as you have access to the Content and for 8 years.
SPE does not “sell” (as the term “sale” is defined under the California Consumer Privacy Act) (“CCPA”) “personal information” (as defined under the CCPA) gathered from employees, owners, directors, officers, or contractors of companies, partnerships, or other third parties providing or receiving a product or service to or from SPE.
COOKIES AND SIMILAR TRACKING TECHNOLOGY
Cookies and similar tracking technologies allow us to recognize you when you visit a site, or app, or open an email – they do lots of different jobs, like letting you navigate between pages efficiently, remembering your preferences, and generally improving your experience.
We use tracking technologies for two purposes:
To provide you with the service you have requested:
for example, keeping you logged in during your visit and ensuring security of the Content.
To analyse and improve your experience:
to analyze which Content is most popular and gets viewed the most and which gets viewed the least, and to provide us with general information about users of the Content. We also check for bugs and glitches in the Content and remember the choices you have made, such as your language or region, to enhance and personalize your experience. We use analytics services provided by Adobe and/or Google to help us do this. If you don’t want us to use information about your visits in this way, click
here
for Adobe and
here
for Google, to opt-out of their services.
How to manage tracking technologies
If you are using our Content via a browser you can change your cookie preferences and withdraw your consent at any time using the
Cookie Consent Tools
In addition: :
the Help menu on the menu bar of most browsers tells you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to delete old cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie and how to disable cookies altogether
you can opt-out of analytics as described above.
We use Flash cookies to provide some Content such as video clips or animation. Flash cookies are managed through the Flash Player Settings Manager, which is a different interface than the one provided by your web browser. This Settings Manager lets you manage global privacy settings, storage settings, security settings, and automatic notification settings. Beginning with Flash Player 10.3, the Flash Player Settings Manager can be accessed locally on your computer: in the Control Panel on Windows and in System Preferences on Mac. Users of other operating systems and earlier versions of the Flash Player should manage their global privacy settings using the Flash Player Settings Manager provided online from Adobe:
http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager06.html
.
Your browser settings may allow you to automatically transmit a “Do Not Track” signal to online services you visit.
Note, however, there is no consensus among industry participants as to what “Do Not Track” means in this context.
Like many online services, we currently do not alter our practices when we receive a “Do Not Track” signal from a visitor’s browser.
HOW WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We share data with third parties who perform functions on our behalf, such as hosting or operating our Service, sending e-mails, and carrying out data analysis.
We share your personal data with other
SPE entities
which are involved when we process data for the purposes listed at section 1 above. Where you give permission via the registration process or cookie consent tool, we will also share your personal data with other
Sony Corporation affiliates
for them to use for direct marketing purposes.
SPE or any of its assets, including the Content, may be sold, or other transactions may occur in which your personal data, and other data, may be considered one of the business assets of the transaction. In this case, your personal data, and other data, may be transferred, either as part of the transaction or during any due diligence process
We share information with government and law enforcement authorities and with other parties involved in, or contemplating, legal proceedings to comply with a legal obligation, when we believe in good faith that the law requires it, or where this is necessary for us or for third parties to protect our or their rights, property, safety, or security.
TRANSFER
Our Service are hosted and operated in the United States. Your personal data will be transferred to and processed in the United States where the privacy laws may not provide an equivalent level of protection to those in your home country. We use Standard Contract Clauses approved by the European Commission to protect your personal data. If you would like a copy of those or have other queries, please,
contact us
In addition, if you register with us, we ask for your consent to transfer your information to the United States
AMENDING OR REMOVING YOUR PERSONAL DATA, CONTROLLING MARKETING COMMUNICATIONS, OTHER PRIVACY QUESTIONS AND RIGHTS
You have the right to access your personal data and, if necessary, have it amended or deleted or restricted. You may also ask us to provide some types of personal data to you, or another organization nominated by you, in a structured and machine-readable format.
The data controller of your Personal Information is Sony Pictures Entertainment, Inc., and its representative within the European Union is Columbia Pictures Corporate Limited. Please find below their contact details:
Sony Pictures Entertainment Inc.
(10202 W. Washington Boulevard, Los Angeles, California, 90232 USA) is the company which is responsible for the site; however,
Data controller
Sony Pictures Entertainment Inc.
10202 W. Washington Boulevard
Los Angeles, California, 90232
United States
Representative in the EU
Columbia Pictures Corporation Limited
Sony Pictures Europe House
25 Golden Square
London W1F 9LU
United Kingdom
For more details or any privacy questions or wish to stop receiving any direct marketing, please contact us by email at
SPEB2B_Privacy@spe.sony.com
or write to us at the relevant address above. You also have a right to submit a complaint to a supervisory authority for data protection in the country where you live, where you work, or where you consider that a breach of data protection has occurred – although we hope that we can assist with any queries or concerns you may have about our use of your personal data.
CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
We reserve the right to change the terms of this Privacy and Cookies Policy at any time, by prominently posting notice of the amendment on the Service to the extent permitted by law, these changes will apply from the time they are posted.
Effective Date: This Privacy and Cookies Policy was updated January 1, 2020 and is effective as of that date.
Footer - Subfooter
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Children's Privacy Policy
© 2020 Sony Pictures Digital Productions Inc. All rights reserved
Search
Main navigation
Explore
Movies
Television
Careers
About Sony Pictures
Senior Management Team
Divisions
Corporate Impact
Studio Tours
Help (FAQ)
Services
Sony Pictures Imageworks
Sony Pictures Studios
Sony Pictures Stock Footage
Sony Pictures Film Clips & Still Licensing
Sony Pictures Music Library
Group Sales
Supplier Information
Sony Pictures on the Web
Sony Pictures Animation
Sony Pictures Classics
Sony Crackle
Sony Pictures Museum
Sony Pictures Television
Sony Pictures Worldwide Acquisitions
About Sony Corporation
Sony.net
Investor Relations
Sony Corp. of America
Sony Rewards
Press Room
Press Resources
Press Releases
Social LinksFacebookLInkedInTwitterInstagramYoutube
Get Updates
Privacy Policy Terms of UseCA Privacy Rights Ad Choices
© 2020 Sony Pictures Digital Productions Inc. All rights reserved