https://skiboards.com/privacy-notice/
Worldwide Shipping/Free U.S. Shipping – Details
Customer service
1-800-784-0540 (U.S. & Canada)
1-970-884-2947 (International)
info@skiboards.com
FAQ
What Are Skiboards?
Free Skiboarding Ebook
Log in / Register
0 items - $0.00Home
Skiboards >>
Summit
Atomic
Easy Skis
Elan
Hagan
Head
K2
Rossignol
Salomon
Snowjam/Five Forty
Sporten
with Snowboard Bindings
Skiboarding for Kids
Backcountry Skiboarding
Brands >>
Summit
Alpina
Atomic
Black Diamond
Booster Strap
Elan
Eurosock
5th Element
Five-Forty
Groove USA
Hagan
Head
K2
K&B Sport
Mad Jacks
Matrix
Outdoor Tech Audio
Rossignol
Salomon
Skiboards.com
Snowjam/Five Forty
Sporten
Sporttube
Swany
Technine
Wellness
Whitewoods
Gear >>
Altitude Wellness
Bags and Packs
Books
Gifts Under $50
Hats, Scarves, Gloves & More
Helmets/Goggles
Skiboard Boots/Bindings
Skiboard Socks
Gliding Skiboard Trekkors
Telescopic Poles
Tools
Tuning Supplies
Outlet
Rentals by Mail
Learn >>
Skiboards University
Choose The Right Skiboards
Learn to Ski In One Day!
Frequently Asked Questions
Skiboard Blog
Skiboarding Video Clips
Testimonials
First Time Skiboard Reviews
Summit Skiboards Testimonials
Testimonials for Skiboards
Memorable Skiboarding Moments
50 + Skiboarders — Hear Their Accounts
The following is the Skiboards Superstore, Inc.  privacy policy regarding the privacy rights of visitors to this and all of its affiliated websites:
We respect the privacy of the visitors to the Skiboards Superstore, Inc. and Skiboards.com website and the websites connected with it. We take great care to protect your information.
What kind of information do we collect?
There are cases where Skiboards Superstore (and its websites: skiboards.com, summitskiboards.com and snowbladesonline.com) may ask you for personal information, such as your name, address, gender, email address, etc. We do this for instance when you register for contests/promotions, respond to communication such as e-mail, and for services that require registration like placing orders. We will be added to our email list which we send intermittently with discounts on sales, announcements, recommendations on product use, etc. You can opt-out of our mailing list at anytime. We might also collect personal information from you about a third party, for instance if the website allows you to send an email referring someone to our site or an active promotion, in which case we need to know the name and e-mail address of the recipient. That information will only be used for the specific purpose (delivering the email) and Skiboards Superstore will not further contact the third party unless the third party contacts us.
– We may use ‘cookies’ to gather information about your visits to our website and enhance your experience.
– When you visit our website we may collect so called ‘click stream’ data (server address, domain name etc). This information can be combined with information you have provided to us (for instance by registering), which will enable us to analyze and better customize your visits.
Use of visitors’ information
All personal information that we obtain about you will be recorded, used and protected by us in accordance with current data protection legislation and this privacy policy. We will primarily use your personal information to provide products and services to you and, for example:
– To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature and to provide you with the relevant products or services (for instance to deliver a prize you may have won in a contest). You may be contacted by phone or email.
– To send you information/materials via e-mail about product updates, sales offers and news we think could interest you.  We only send you this if you are opted-in to receive Skiboards Superstore e-mails. In case you do not want to receive any e-mails from us anymore, or if you want to modify you personal data or want your personal data to be deleted from our database, we refer you to the ‘Opt-out, delete or modify personal information’ section below
– To analyze visits to the website and learn about the interests of our visitors in aggregate and also on personal level to better understand your interest and need, so we can improve our products and services and deliver to you the type of content, features and promotions that you are most interested in.
Reviews: For purposes of informing customers about our products and services, we might send an email requesting a review from a third party website – “Customer Reviews” with an invitation to review your order.  This will help others know your opinions about our various products. Reviews will be posted on our website for these purposes.
Who manages visitors’ information
The global and local websites of Skiboards Superstore and the information collected, are managed and controlled by Skiboards Superstore. The servers that make the global and local websites of Skiboards Superstore available are located in the USA. If you are located outside the USA, please note that the information you provide will be transferred to the USA and by submitting the information you authorize this transfer. Skiboards Superstore has entered into an agreement with a hosting company in the USA to provide sufficient safeguards for the protection of your data. Personal information will be handled in accordance with current data protection legislation and this Privacy Policy.
Protection of visitors’ information
In order to protect the information you provide to us by visiting our website we have implemented the latest security measures. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of people, who have special access rights and are required to keep the information confidential.
Please keep in mind though that whenever you give out personal information online there is a risk that third parties may intercept and use that information. While Skiboards Superstore strives to protect its user’s personal information and privacy, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you disclose online and you do so at your own risk.
Children’s privacy
When a child tries to submit his/her registration he/she will be asked to submit the same kind of information as indicated in the above section ‘Information we collect from visitors’. Furthermore the information provided by the child and gathered (for instance through the use of cookies) during his/her visit may be used as indicated in the said above section.
Disclosing personal information to third parties
Except as described in this policy, we do not sell, trade or otherwise transfer your personal information to third parties without informing you in advance and in accordance with applicable data protection law. Your data may be transferred to web site hosting partners and other parties who assist us in designing and operating the website, executing services (for instance prize fulfillment) or help us analyze collected data. These parties will only use your data for the purpose of carrying out the work as indicated and will be required to keep the information confidential. We will also release personal data without consent if such is required by law, for security purposes, or to prevent imminent harm.
Links to third parties
For your convenience and to improve the usage of the website we insert links to third parties, for which this privacy policy does not apply. These links take you outside our service and off the Skiboards Superstore sites and are beyond our control. This includes links from partners that may use Skiboards Superstore logos as part of a co-branding agreement or sell Skiboards Superstore products. The sites you can link to have their own separate privacy policy and although we seek to protect the integrity of our site, Skiboards Superstore is not responsible and cannot be held liable for the content and activities of these sites. Your visit/access to these sites is therefore entirely at your own risk. Please note that these other sites may send their own cookies to users, collect data or solicit personal information.
Use of cookies
A cookie is a small string of information that the website that you visit transfers to your computer for identification purposes. Cookies can be used to follow your activity on the website and that information helps us to understand your preferences and improve your website experience. Cookies are also used to remember for instance your user name and password. You can turn off all cookies, in case you prefer not to receive them. You can also have your computer warn you whenever cookies are being used. For both options you have to adjust your browser settings (like Internet Explorer or Chrome). There are also software products available that can manage cookies for you. Please be aware though that when you have set your computer to reject cookies, it can limit the functionality of the website you visit and it’s possible then that you do not have access to some of the features on the website.
Opt-out, delete or modify personal information
You may cancel your registration at any time, and you can choose to opt-out of receiving any e-mails from Skiboards Superstore. Additionally you can choose to have all your personal information deleted from our database. You may cancel your registration at any time, and you can choose to opt-out of receiving any e-mails messages from Skiboards Superstore. Additionally you can choose to have all your personal information deleted from our database. If you want to opt-out, please contact us by email or phone and we will delete or modify your personal information. We encourage you promptly to update your personal information if it changes.
Changes to the policy
We may from time to time need to amend this policy, due to changes in regulations and to keep up with new developments and possibilities on the Internet. We therefore reserve the right at our discretion to make these changes and ask you to check this page periodically, as you are bound by these changes when visiting our website.
How you can contact us
If you have any questions or comments relating to our website and/or the privacy policy, please contact us or write to us: Skiboards Superstore, Inc. 374 Tamara Lane, Bayfield, CO 81122.
Your consent
By using the Skboards Superstore websites you signify that you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with the terms of our Privacy Policy, please do not provide us with personal information and leave this website.
Online policy
The Privacy Policy does not extend to anything that is inherent in the operation of the Internet, and therefore beyond Skiboards Superstore’s control, and is not to be applied in any manner contrary to applicable law or governmental regulation. This online privacy policy only applies to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
INFORMATION
F.A.Q'S
TERMS OF USE
SKIBOARDS UNIVERSITY
PRIVACY POLICY
ABOUT US
WHY BUY FROM US
SITE MAP
SERVICE
CONTACT US
SHIPPING INFORMATION
100% SECURE SHOPPING
EASY RETURNS
WARRANTY/REPAIRS
PRICE GUARANTEE
BUY NOW, PAY LATER
Facebook
[custom-facebook-feed]
1