https://slippnott.com/pages/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
OUR COMMITMENT TO GDPR AND YOUR PRIVACY
Slipp-Nott (slipp-nott.com & slippnott.com) is committed to preserving and safeguarding your right to privacy online. We have created this Privacy Policy to demonstrate our commitment to protecting your privacy. You should be fully aware of what happens to your personal information when you visit. If you have any questions or privacy concerns that are not answered here, we invite you to contact us directly at admin@slipp-nott.com.
Slipp-Nott respects your privacy. We are committed to protecting the privacy of our users and we want to provide a safe and secure user experience. We will use our best efforts to ensure that the information you submit to us remains private and is used only for the purposes set forth herein. This policy details how data about you is collected, used, and shared when you access our websites and services or interact with us.
WHAT INFORMATION DOES SLIPP-NOTT GATHER WHEN YOU VISIT?
When you use the Slipp-Nott website, you may be asked for certain personal information, including your name, email address, zip code, phone numbers, credit card information. Our website also automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser, including your IP address, browser type and Cookie (defined below) information. As previously stated, we are committed to providing you a safe and secure user environment. Therefore, before permitting you to use Slipp-Nott Website, we may require additional information from you that we can use to verify your identity, address or other information or to manage risk and compliance throughout our relationship. We may also obtain information about you from third parties such as identity verification, fraud prevention, and similar services. If you do not agree to our collection of the information, you may be limited or restricted in the Slipp-Nott Services available to you.
We request information from you when you:
1. Place an order
2. Tracking an order
3. Subscribe to newsletter
In each of the above situations, we only gather the information that is absolutely necessary to provide you with the service you have requested.
When you place an order, we will ask you for your billing address, shipping address, and credit card or purchase order information.
Slipp-Nott offers you the opportunity to receive emails approximately once a month, informing you of new products, special offers, and other changes to the Slipp-Nott web site. You must register to receive these emails; we will not send them unless you have registered. The only information that we require from you is your email address so that we may send the appropriate email.
Under no circumstances Slipp-Nott will sell, barter, give away or rent your personal information with any outside entity. Slipp-Nott relies on the services of outside parties for delivery of goods. These partners will only receive a name and shipping address, so that they may process and deliver your order properly.
HOW DOES SLIPP-NOTT USE PERSONAL DATA?
Slipp-Nott uses this information to:
Provide, maintain, and improve the Slipp-Nott Website;
Personalize the content you see;
Provide Customer Service;
Help protect the safety of Slipp-Nott website and its users, which includes blocking suspected spammers, investigating and addressing abuse, and enforcing the Slipp-Nott Terms of Use and Privacy Policy
Inform you of updates to our services, security alerts, and other support and administrative messages;
Communicate with you about products, services, offers, promotions, and events, and provide other news and information we think will be of interest to you (for information about how to opt out of these communications, see “Choices” below); and
Monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities in connection with the Slipp-Nott Website.
HOW DOES SLIPP-NOTT REMEMBER YOU WHEN YOU RETURN?
In response to requests from customers for a more convenient way to place orders, we may use cookies to enable our system to recognize you when you return to the web site, after you have placed your first order. The first time you place an order with Slipp-Nott , we will ask you for basic information, including your billing address, your shipping address, as well as your credit card or purchase order information. When you return to the web site, our system will recognize the cookie placed on your machine, and the information that you entered previously is available without you having to retype it. This cookie contains absolutely no personal information about you. The cookie file is merely a text file, and the cookie we add is nothing but a line of text.
When you utilize the Slipp-Nott Website, we—along with certain business partners and vendors—may use cookies and other tracking technologies (collectively, “Cookies”). We use Cookies as outlined in the “How does Slipp-Nott remember you when you return?” Section. Certain aspects and features of the Slipp-Nott Website are only available through the use of Cookies, so if you choose to disable or decline Cookies, your use of the Slipp-Nott Website may be limited or not possible.
WEBSITE VISITORS
We gather information about all users collectively, such as what areas users visit most frequently and what products and services users access the most. We only use such data anonymously. This information helps us determine what is the most beneficial for our users and how we can continually create a better overall user experience. We may share information with our partners, and anonymized, so that they may also understand how users and visitors use our services. We may use data stitching, which is the process of combining your datasets from multiple sources, to better track website use. Our Website uses Google Analytics. To learn more about how Google Analytics collects and uses data, or to opt out, click HERE
INFORMATION FROM MINORS
We do not knowingly solicit, collect, or share information from any individuals under the age of 18.
DO NOT TRACK
Do Not Track (“DNT”) is an optional browser setting that allows you to express your preferences regarding tracking by advertisers and other third parties. We do not respond to DNT signals.
WHAT KIND OF SECURITY MEASURES PROTECT YOUR DATA?
Slipp-Nott is committed to the security of information collected on our site. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Our servers are equipped with security firewalls to prevent unauthorized access. The store area is protected with Secure Socket Layer(SSL). The security features of this site are automatically activated when you check out. Your web browser should show a symbol of either a lock or a key to indicate when you are in a secure mode. In addition, slippnott.com & slipp-nott.com are valid SSL Secure Site. Although we cannot guarantee encryption or the privacy of your personal details, SSL makes it very difficult for your information to be stolen or intercepted while being transferred.
When you place an order online, your personal details and credit card information are encrypted using SSL encryption technology before being sent over the Internet.  Our credit card transactions are processed by Bank of America Merchant Services. All information sent to Bank of America Merchant Services is in the secure SSL environment, which will protect it against disclosure to third-parties. When we receive your order, it is on an SSL server. For Bank Of America Merchant Services privacy statement, please click HERE. At the point when an end-user wishes to make a payment, his registration details may be passed to Bank of America Merchant Services.
SHARING INFORMATION
When you use the Slipp-Nott Website, certain information may be shared with other users and the public. For example:
When you submit a post or comment to the Slipp-Nott Website, visitors to and users of the Slipp-Nott Website will be able to see the content of your posts and comments, the username associated with your posts or comments, and the date and time you originally submitted the post or comment. Although some parts of the services may be private or quarantined, they may become public and you should take that into consideration before posting to the Slipp-Nott Website.
When other users view your profile, they will be able to see information about your activities on the Slipp-Nott Website, such as your username, prior posts and comments, etc.
We will not share, sell, or give away any of our users’ personal information to third parties, unless one of the following circumstances applies:
We may share information with vendors, consultants, and other service providers who need access to such information to carry out work for us. A complete list of the types of these third parties is at Appendix I at the end of this Policy. These companies may have access to your personal information as necessary to perform their functions, and they are contractually obligated to maintain the confidentiality of any personal information in which they come in contact as part of their services to Slipp-Nott.
If you participate in promotions, special offers, or other events or activities in connection with the Slipp-Nott Website, we may share information with entities that partner with us to provide these offerings;
We may share information in response to a request for information if we believe disclosure is in accordance with, or required by, any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, including, but not limited to meeting national security or law enforcement requirements;
We may share information in response to an emergency if we believe it’s necessary to prevent imminent and serious bodily harm to a person;
We may share aggregated or anonymized information, which cannot reasonably be used to identify you;
We may share information between and among Slipp-Nott, and its current and future parents, affiliates, subsidiaries, and other companies under common control and ownership; and
We may share information with your consent or at your direction.
SOCIAL SHARING
The Slipp-Nott Website may offer social sharing features or other integrated tools that let you share content or action you take using the Slipp-Nott Website with other media. Your use of these features enables the sharing of certain information with your friends or the public, depending on the settings you establish with the third party that provides the social sharing feature. For more information about the purpose and scope of data collection and processing in connection with social sharing features, please visit the privacy policies of the third parties that provide these social sharing features.
ACCOUNTS PAYABLE OR COLLECTIONS
It is your duty to make sure that you keep your account(s) in good standing with us. If you have an outstanding balance, or if you dispute your payment to us with your credit card or financial institution for any reason, please note that all information collected from your activity on our website may be disclosed to the bank and/or collections agency we work with for the purposes of establishing proof of users’ identity, proof of use, proof that service was provided, and/or collecting any outstanding debt owed to us.
INTERNATIONAL DATA
We are based in the United States and the information we collect is governed by U.S. law. By accessing or using the Slipp-Nott Website or otherwise providing information to us, you consent to the processing, transfer, and storage of information in and to the U.S. and other countries, where you may not have the same rights as you do under local law.
PROTECTION & STORAGE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
Your personal information is protected by physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards in compliance with applicable U.S. federal and state regulations. We also use computer safeguards such as firewalls and data encryption. For example, we use SSL encryption to safeguard your credit card data when used in e-commerce transactions. In addition, we enforce physical access controls to our offices and files, and we authorize access to users’ personal information only for personnel who require it to fulfill their job responsibilities. We strive to ensure security on our systems. Despite our efforts, we cannot guarantee that personal information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed by breach of our administrative, managerial, and technical safeguards. Therefore, we urge you to take adequate precautions to protect your personal data as well, including never sharing the username and password used in connection with your participation in the Slipp-Nott Website. If Slipp-Nott learns of a systems security breach, we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps. By using the Slipp-Nott Website, you agree that Slipp-Nott may communicate with you electronically. Slipp-Nott may post a notice on the website or mobile application if a security breach occurs. We may also send an email to you at the email address you have provided to us. Depending on where you live, you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing. To receive free written notice of a security breach (or to withdraw your consent from receiving electronic notice of a security breach) you should notify us of your request to admin@slipp-nott.com.
UPDATING ACCOUNT INFORMATION
Slipp-Nott allows you to change your personal information at any time. To do so, simply log on to Slipp-Nott with your username and password, and you will be able to update the information you have submitted.
CHOICES
We also provide you with the opportunity to opt-in to receive these types of communications at the time of registration, but later decide to opt out of several types of communications at the time of registration. If you no longer want to receive them, simply change your preferences on your account settings or communicate your preferences to us via email. You may opt out of receiving promotional communications from us by following the instructions in those communications. If you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional communications, such as information about your account or your use of the Slipp-Nott Website. With your consent, we may send promotional and non-promotional push notifications or alerts to your mobile device. You can deactivate these messages at any time by changing the notification settings on your mobile device. As a Data Subject in the European Economic Area, you have the right to request, access, rectify, withdraw, delete, and restrict how we process your Personal Data. These rights include the ability to review the Personal Data we have in our Information and Communications systems concerning you, the ability to make any corrections to that Personal Data, the ability to be informed of who that data may have been shared with, the ability to withdraw your consent for Slipp-Nott to process your Personal Data, the ability to request that we delete all of your Personal Data, and the ability to restrict how we process your Personal Data.
If you deactivate your account or request that Slipp-Nott delete your Personal Data, Slipp-Nott may still retain certain information associated with your account for analytical purposes and record-keeping integrity, as well as to prevent fraud, collect any fees owed, enforce our terms and conditions, take actions we deem necessary to protect the integrity of our website or our users, or take other actions otherwise permitted by the General Data Protection Regulation. In addition, if certain information has already been provided to third parties as described in our Privacy Policy, retention of that information will be subject to those third parties’ policies.
LINKS TO OTHER WEB SITES
Please note that we offer links to other third party sites and services. Please be aware that these outside parties operate under their own privacy and security policies, and Slipp-Nott has no responsibility or liability for these independent policies or actions.
PRIVACY POLICY CHANGES
Privacy Policy Changes At Slipp-Nott, we continually add new features and changes to our services. As part of an ongoing effort to ensure consistent policies, we regularly update our privacy policy to reflect changes or additions to our site and features. We also welcome comments and questions about our privacy policy and can be contacted at admin@slipp-nott.com.
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will place any updates to this policy on our website. You may also request a paper copy of the Privacy Policy by contacting us at the email or address noted above. You are bound by any changes to the Privacy Policy by using the Slipp-Nott Website after such changes have been posted to the website.
DATA PROTECTION OFFICER
To communicate with our Data Protection Officer, please email admin@slipp-nott.com.
CONTACT US
Whether you live in the United States or outside the United States, Slipp-Nott is responsible for your information. If you have any questions, You can contact Slipp-Nott via the following email admin@slipp-nott.com or at the following address 4520 Huntington DR S, Los Angeles CA, 90032. You can also contact our Data Protection Officer at the e-mail noted above.
APPENDIX I
Types of Slipp-Nott Vendor Third Parties
Web server hosting
Data analysis
Marketing services
Security services
Card and payment processors
To receive a copy of the complete list of third parties, please contact admin@slipp-nott.com and use the subject line “Third Party Request”. Use of the list is limited to compliance with Commercial Use requirements. The list is proprietary and confidential and may not be used for any other purpose or distributed in any form; violation of this requirement is a violation of the Terms of Use governing this site, and its use and is subject to the Commercial Use provisions.
Search for:
Purchase
Blog
Contact Us
FAQ
My Account
Find a Dealer
Login
Newsletter
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.AcceptReject Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Login
Username or email address *
Password *
Remember me
Log in
Lost your password?
Register
Email address *
Password *
I accept the Privacy Policy *Your personal data will be used to support your experience throughout this website, to manage access to your account, and for other purposes described in our privacy policy.
Register
Loading...