https://sloughrc.com/privacy-policy/
Radio Radio Systems & TransmittersReceiversServos & AccessoriesGyros, Stabilisation & GovernorsBatteries & ChargersTelemetry & PhotographyLeads & SwitchesRadio Accessories Carry Cases Regulators Transmitter Accessories Other Accessories Engine Nitro Engines Aircraft Engines Helicopter Engines Car Engines Marine Engines Petrol Engines Aircraft Engines Helicopter Engines Car Engines Marine Engines Engine Accessories Air & Fuel Filters Glow & Spark Plugs Silencers & Exhausts Test Stands and Mounts Fuel Tanks, Tube & Accessories Other AccessoriesStarting Equipment Field Boxes & Cradles Starters Power Panels Glow Starts & Clips Other Accessories
Electric Motors Brushed Brushless Motor Accessories Speed Controllers Air Surface Batteries LiPo Batteries LiIon/LiFe Batteries NiMH Batteries Lead Acid Batteries Dry Cell BatteriesConnectors & Adaptors Charging Chargers & Power Supplies Charging Accessories Other Accessories Building
Carbon Covering Covering Films & Materials Covering Trim Tissue & Dope Fibreglass & Resin Other Finishing MaterialsAdhesives Epoxies Cyanos & Accelerators Emulsions Special Glues Glue ApplicationFiller, Paint & Fuelproofer Brush-On Paint Aerosol Paint Filler Fuelproofer & LacquerPainting Tools Airbrushes Airbrush Accessories Brushes Masking Tape Brush & Surface Cleaning Lubricants Plastic Sheet Strip & Tube Sections Modelling PlasticsMetals Tubes, Rods & Channel Tubing Benders & Cutters Sheet & Strip Wire Ballast & Bonding Metal CentresWood Balsa Liteply Marine Ply Beech, Obechi & Spruce Other Materials Hand Tools Saws & Accessories Knives, Chisels & Razor Planes Cutting Mats Drilling, Tapping & Threaded Screwdrivers, Allen Keys & Wrenches Other Tools Tool Sets Sand Paper & Sanding Tools Measuring ToolsBalancers & Gauges Covering Tools Power Tools, Bits & Grinding Model Storage Media & Promotion Clothing Catalogues & Books Decals Bearings Spares Aircraft Spares Boats Spares Car Spares Electric Power Spares Engine Spares Helicopter & Drone Spares Radio Spares Starting Equipment Spares Account Settings Language
SRCM default Store View
Add More
Home
Slough - Privacy Policy
Slough Radio Control Models PRIVACY POLICY
Policy statement
Slough Radio Control Models, the operator of this website, respects the privacy of every individual who visits this site. This Privacy Policy governs the way in which we use and disclose any personal information that you provide to us whilst visiting the site. Personal information includes any information that identifies you personally, such as your name, address or email address.
The data we collect
The personal information we collect from visitors to the site is used in the following ways:
To maintain the passwords/usernames of registered users
Subject to your acceptance, to send you information which we feel may be of interest to you
To track the popularity of our marketing activities and provide a more personalised shopping experience
For website administration (including enabling us to respond to any comments on the website or feedback you may give us)
Other information we may collect and process about you may include the following:
Information derived from cookies (small text files placed on our computer which uniquely identify your browser the next time you visit the Slough Radio Control Models website, except where you disable cookies or otherwise manage them.
Information gathered automatically by our computer systems programmed to gather certain anonymous data to help us understand how our website is being used and how we can improve it. This automatically gathered data includes your computer's IP or 'Internet Protocol' address, browser type, browser language, the pages visited, previous or subsequent sites visited, length of user sessions, access status or conditions.
Information that is gathered through registration that you specifically give Slough Radio Control Models
Sharing data
Other than as set out in this Privacy Policy, Slough Radio Control Models will not disclose, rent or sell your personal information to any third party unrelated to us without your prior permission, other than as required by law. Any personal information which you provide to us is held in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulations (released in 2018).
Payment security
All payments are handled securely by your choice of PayPal or Stripe. Upon successful authorisation you will be sent an email receipt of your order.
Data security
We ensure that all reasonable steps are taken to protect your personal information. All the data collected by us is stored on a secure server however we cannot guarantee that any data sent over the internet is completely secure.
GDPR
GDPR - General Data Protection Regulations - was implemented by the EU and UK government to the data you supply to companies from misuse. Here at Slough RC we take this very seriously and have taken steps to log and secure our customers data.
How do we collect data?
Our data is supplied directly by you. We do not purchase of sell data and use it only for the reason you have supplied. For our marketing emails our data was originally acquired with a opt-in tick box in the cart when you placed an order. We then changed it to an online opt-in form only. We do not cross this data.
What Information do we have?
This includes fields like name, address, contact phone but we do not store your payment details.
How is your information used?
We keep all the relevant order data from each order placed to track our previous sales records and to ensure the validity of warranty claims.
How long do we retain information?
We retain the information you have sent us in order to help validate previous purchases in the occurrence of warranty claims and to keep you user login accounts active and current.
Who has access to this data?
Our staff at Slough RC have access to our databases, as does the external marketing/order processing teams. We keep this to a minimum and we will never sell or give you data away!
How can you update you information?
You can update some of your details by logging into your user account and following the steps there. Other data is stored in relation to a specific order, if you need to change this please contact the team at mail@sloughrc.com
Your Rights
Informed - This means you have the right to request a copy of the data we have related to you.
Rectification - You have the right to correct inaccurate data and to correct incomplete data.
Restrict Processing - In some cases you have the right to restrict the processing of personal data, for example if you contest the accuracy or need the data kept for legal reasons but no longer need our services.
Erasure - You have the right to request we delete data that is no longer relevant.
Portability - You have the right to request you data in a readable format.
Right to complain - You have the right to complain to a supervisory authority.
Withdraw Consent - You can withdraw your consent to use the supplied data once it is no longer needed.
For an in depth overview of the GDPR regulations and what your rights are please visit the ICO (Information Commissioner's Office) at www.ico.org.uk
Analytics
We use google analytics to track traffic on our website.