https://smallfrypress.net/privacy.htm
Policies
Privacy Policy
Small Fry Press
collects only the information that we need to
process your order. We will not share, rent, lend, or sell this information
to anyone. We will set and access our own cookies on your computer to
allow you to buy and interact at the site.
Registration
Should
you choose to register as a customer, we will retain some information
for your convenience in future purchases. This will also allow you
to look up your orders and obtain shipping information. This information
will never be sold or shared with anyone. We do NOT keep your payment
information on file.
We value YOUR privacy!
Pricing Errors
Due to our large number of products, problems sometimes
occur. We will not be able to honor errors in pricing on our site.
If there is a problem with the price, we will contact you BEFORE we
charge your credit card so you can decide if you wish to still place
the order.
We will make every effort to resolve
the situation to YOUR satisfaction!
Return Policy
Personalized items:
Due to the personalized nature of our products we can
not accept returns on personalized items. Therefore, please ask questions
and be specific
when entering your personalization request, selecting typestyles,
sizes, and quantities.
If an error occurs on our part we will gladly reissue item, as soon
as possible.
Non Personalized items:
If for any reason you are not 100% satisfied with your
purchase of a non personalized item, we will exchange or replace your
item within
14 days- shipping cost are non-refundable. All merchandise must
be returned in original packaging. We will process your return, once
the original item is received.
We stand behind all our products, as do the manufacturers we’ve
carefully selected to work with and expect you'll be extremely satisfied
with your purchase. If you're not satisfied, we encourage you to let
us know as soon as possible so that we may have the opportunity to
exceed your expectations. Please note we can not accept any returns
after 14 days from the date we ship the package to you.