https://smokedproduce.co.uk/terms-conditions-2/
Skip to contentTerms and conditions Our quality commitmentIt is our goal to treat our customers as we would wish to be treated when we shop. To guarantee the best quality and service we are obliged to review and improve ourselves continually. In spite of all these efforts, however, it is only natural that errors may occur. We will therefore process any complaints and disputes quickly with full commitment to the satisfaction of our customers. We will set up a separate blog for this purpose which is linked to our website. We encourage all our customers to publish their experiences with us. We will comment on all complaints made here, visible to all our customers, together with the proposed resolutions. § 1 GeneralThese terms and conditions govern the use of the website of the company Ardshealach Fine Foods Ltd. and the purchase of goods at Ardshealach Fine Foods Ltd. Please read these carefully as they form the basis of the business relationship and contractual agreements between you, the buyer or user, and Ardshealach Fine Foods. By using this site you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions in the following paragraphs. If you do not agree with these terms and conditions, you may not use this website to make any purchases.The Site is owned and operated by Ardshealach Fine Foods Ltd. (Registered in Scotland under company number SC 355 867, VAT number GB 947 637 086, based in Derry Daff, Acharacle, PH36 4JL, Scotland).§ 2 Ordering 2.1 The presentation of products in our online shop is not a legally binding offer, but a non-binding online – catalogue . By clicking the “ Place Order” button you place a binding order for all the goods in the shopping basket. The confirmation of your order is accompanied by the acceptance of your order immediately after sending with an automated e-mail. With this order confirmation by e-mail the contract of purchase is achieved. 2.2 If our order confirmation contains errors or if our prices are incorrect due to technical errors in transmission, we are entitled to dispute the contract, however any payments received will be refunded without delay.§ 3 PricesAll prices on this website include value added tax and other charges but do not include shipping. All our offers are subject to change. Prices are as listed at the time of order.§ 4 Conditions of Payment 4.1. The following payment methods are available: Credit Card and PayPal 4.2. A debit from your bank account or credit card will be made immediately after you have placed the order. Should a partial delivery be necessary in exceptional cases, you agree that the debited amount will not be refunded prior to the later delivery, unless you withdraw from all or part of the contract. 4.3. A payment upon invoice is not possible. Exceptions may be made on request. 4.4. The delivered goods remain our property until they have been paid for in full. 4.5. When paying by direct debit you accept any costs that may arise as a result of reversing a payment transaction due to lack of funds or to incorrect data submitted by you to the bank. 4.6. A right of set off is available only if your claims are legally established in court or are undisputed or acknowledged by us in writing. 4.7. You only have the right of retention if the claim is resulting from the same contractual relationship.§ 5 Delivery Information 5.1. All goods supplied by us originate from Scotland. Should this exceptionally not be the case, exact details can be found in the goods description on the website of Ardshealach Fine Foods.5.2. The ordered goods will be delivered by a parcel service of our choice 5.3. It is the responsibility of the buyer to ensure that the consignment can be accepted, especially since most of our products must be refrigerated immediately after delivery. Ardshealach Fine Foods Ltd. cannot be held liable if the goods supplied by the contracted parcel service are delayed or cannot be delivered. 5.4. The shipping will be done in cooled Polystyrene boxes in order to ensure an uninterrupted cold chain. 5.6. If not all ordered products are in stock, we are entitled to make a partial delivery at our expense, provided this is acceptable to you. 5.7. If a product is not available, because we were not supplied with the product by our supplier through no fault of our own, we can withdraw from the contract. In this case we will notify you immediately and we may suggest the supply of a similar product. If no comparable product is available or you do not wish to accept an alternative product, we will refund your payment without delay. § 6 Right of WithdrawalThere is no right of withdrawal because all our products are perishable and the expiration date would be exceeded on return.§ 7 Transport Damage7.1. If goods are delivered with obvious damage you must claim such damages immediately on the delivery and must contact us as soon as possible.7.2. If shipping damage is not immediately obvious, please inform Ardshealach Fine Foods immediately after opening the package, and no later than 24 hours after delivery of the goods to you, if such damage is evident. The necessary contact information can be found here. 7.3. Ardshealach Fine Foods will contact you immediately after your report of loss, damage or fault in order to find a satisfactory solution.§ 8 WarrantyArdshealach Fine Foods sells only fresh products made from high quality ingredients. We are sure that you will have no cause for complaint in most cases. However if this unlikely case arises, please do not hesitate to contact us. We will offer you either a replacement or a full refund for the defective product. Please don’t return any goods without contacting us first .§ 9 Liability9.1. Ardshealach Fine Foods is liable only for damages that are based on intent or gross negligence. In the event of any breach of important contractual obligations Ardshealach Fine Foods is liable for the contractual obligations of its employees. 9.2.. Ardshealach Fine Foods is not responsible for indirect damages and in particular not for loss of profit 9.3. Ardshealach Fine Foods cannot guarantee the continuous and uninterrupted availability of its Website, and is not responsible for technical or electronic errors of the web site nor for any damage caused by the unauthorized use of the assigned customer number.§ 10 Applicable law11.1. Scots law will apply to these terms and conditions. The rules of the international Sale of Goods (UNCITRAL Convention) will be excluded. 11.2. Changes or additions to the conditions contained in these provisions must be agreed in writing. 11.3. Oral or written side agreements are binding on the Seller only after written confirmation.§ 11 Final ProvisionsIf any provision of these Terms is invalid, the remainder of the contract shall remain valid. The relevant statutory provisions will apply in place of any invalid term.
Scroll to Top
Receive the latest news Sign up to hear about exclusive offers, recipes and new products
Free Shipping for all orders over £ 80.00