http://smokerfriendly.com/privacy-policy/
WARNING: This product contains nicotine. Nicotine is an addictive chemical.
Last updated: March 31, 2020
Thank you for choosing to visit Smoker Friendly online locations. This privacy statement applies to all subsidiaries and sites of Smoker Friendly These include www.smokerfriendly.com, and any others that are or may be in development.
Smoker Friendly knows that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly. This notice describes our privacy policy. By visiting this website, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
What Personal Information About Customers Does Smoker Friendly Gather?
The information we learn from customers helps us personalize and continually improve your viewing experience. Here are the types of information we gather.
Information You Give Us: We receive and store any information you enter on our Web site or give us in any other way. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our features. We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, customizing future experiences for you, improving our site, and communicating with you.
Automatic Information: We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. For example, like many Web sites, we use “cookies,” and we obtain certain types of information when your Web browser accesses our website. A number of companies offer utilities designed to help you visit Web sites anonymously. Although we will not be able to provide you with a personalized experience if we cannot recognize you, we want you to be aware that these tools exist.
E-mail Communications: To help us make e-mails more useful and interesting, we often receive a confirmation when you open e-mail from Smoker Friendly if your computer supports such capabilities. We also compare our customer list to lists received from other companies, in an effort to avoid sending unnecessary messages to our customers. Information from Other Sources: We might receive information about you from other sources and add it to our account information.
What About Cookies? Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and to provide features such as storage of items in your Shopping Cart between visits.
The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. However, cookies allow you to take full advantage of some of the site’s coolest features, and we recommend that you leave them turned on.
Does Smoker Friendly Share the Information It Receives?
Information about our customers is an important part of our business, and we are not in the business of selling it to others. We share customer information only as described below and with subsidiaries Smoker Friendly International, LLC controls that either are subject to this Privacy Policy or follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Privacy Policy.
Agents: We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include sending postal mail and e-mail, removing repetitive information from customer lists, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, providing search results and links (including paid listings and links), processing credit card payments, and providing customer service. They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes.
Promotional Offers: Sometimes we send offers to selected groups of Smoker Friendly customers on behalf of other businesses. When we do this, we do not give that business your name and address.
Business Transfers: As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy subsidiaries, or business units. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Policy (unless, of course, the customer consents otherwise). Also, in the unlikely event that Smoker Friendly International, LLC, or substantially all of its assets are acquired, customer information will of course be one of the transferred assets.
Protection of Smoker Friendly and Others: We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law; enforce or apply our Terms of Use and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of Smoker Friendly, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction. Obviously, however, this does not include selling, renting, sharing, or otherwise disclosing personally identifiable information from customers for commercial purposes in violation of the commitments set forth in this Privacy Policy.
With Your Consent: Other than as set out above, you will receive notice when information about you might go to third parties, and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information.
Children
Smoker Friendly does not sell products for purchase by children. If you are under 21, you may not use this website.
Conditions of Use, Notices, and Revisions
If you choose to visit our website, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Policy and our Terms of Use, including limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes, and application of the law of the state of Colorado. If you have any concern about privacy, please send us a thorough description to info@smokerfriendly.com, and we will try to resolve it.
Our business changes constantly, and our Privacy Policy and the Conditions of Use will change also. We may e-mail periodic reminders of our notices and conditions, unless you have instructed us not to, but you should check our Web site frequently to see recent changes. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Policy applies to all information that we have about you and your account. We stand behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers.