https://smokedproduce.co.uk/privacy-policy-2/
Skip to contentPrivacy PolicyPrivacy PolicyWe appreciate your interest in our website. Protecting your privacy is very important to us. Below we provide detailed information on how we treat your data.Collection, processing and use of personal data You can visit our site without disclosing personal information. We only store data without reference to individuals such as the name of your Internet Service Provider, the page from which you visit us or the name of the requested file. This data is used solely to improve our services and does not allow you to be identified.Personal data are only collected if you provide them voluntarily as part of your order for goods or to open an account or registration for our Newsletter. We use this information solely for the processing of your order. On completion of the contract and full payment, your data will be blocked from further use and completely deleted after the expiry of the relevant tax and commercial law deadlines, unless you have expressly consented to the further use of your data. When registering for the newsletter your email address is used with your consent for our own advertising purposes, until you unsubscribe from the newsletter. You can unsubscribe at any time. Storeing your financial data None of your financial data will be stored.Storage and accessibility of the treaty text We save the contract information and send you the order data by e-mail. The terms and conditions can also be viewed here at any time. You can view your past orders in our customer login area.Use of Cookies On several pages, we use cookies to make visiting our website more attractive and to allow the use of certain functions. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer. Most of the cookies will be deleted from your hard drive after the browser session has ended (so-called session cookies). Other cookies remain on your computer and allow us to recognize your computer during your next visit (so-called persistent cookies). These cookies are used to welcome you with your username and save you having to re-enter your password or fill out forms with your information. Our partner companies are not permitted to obtain personal information through our website using cookies or  process them.Using Google Analytics “This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. (” Google “). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, text files that are stored on your computer to help analyze the use of the website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website (including your IP address) is sent to a Google server in the U.S. and stored there. Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other website activity and internet related services. In addition, Google may also transfer this information to third parties unless required by law or if third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by changing the settings on your browser. We would point out, however, that you will then not be able to use all the features of this website. By using this site, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner described above and for the designated purpose. ”Disclosure of personal data Your data will be transferred to the shipping company responsible for delivery, to the extent necessary to deliver your goods. For the payment we pass your payment data to the financial institution instructed with the payment.Right of informationData protection law guarantees you information free of charge about your stored personal data and, if you so wish, your right to the correction, blocking or deletion of these data.Contact for privacy issuesIn case of queries relating to the collection, processing or use of your personal information, the disclosure, correction, blocking or deletion of data and revocation of consents granted, please contact us at:Ardshealach Fine Foods Ltd., Mr. Christoph Ewers, Derry Daff, Acharacle, Argyll, PH364JL, Schottland, Tel.: +44 1967 431 890, email: info@ardshealach.com
Scroll to Top
Receive the latest news Sign up to hear about exclusive offers, recipes and new products
Free Shipping for all orders over £ 80.00