https://snowbow.co.uk/privacy-notice
Last reviewed 25/09/2018
Privacy Statement
This Privacy Statement sets out how we handle and use personal data collected on the website.
This is the privacy statement of Snowbow Productions 2000 ltd., 145 The Promenade, Peacehaven, East Sussex, UK. BN10 7HN In this document ”our” and “we” refer to Snowbow Productions 2000 ltd. and ”you” and ”your” refers to you our customer or user of this website www.snowbow.co.uk or any of its subdomains.
This privacy policy should be in conjunction with our terms and conditions, which can be found at https://snowbow.co.uk/terms-and-conditions.
What data we collect
While you visit our site, we will collect your data in the following ways: –
Products you’ve viewed: we’ll use this to, for example, show you products you’ve recently viewed.
Shipping address: we’ll ask you to enter this so we can, for instance, estimate shipping before you place an order, and to send you the order!
We’ll also use cookies to keep track of cart contents while you’re browsing our site.
When you purchase from us, we’ll ask you to provide information including your name, billing address, shipping address, email address, phone number, credit card/payment details and optional account information like username and password. We’ll use this information for purposes, such as, to:-
Send you information about your account and order.
Respond to your requests, including refunds and complaints.
Process payments and prevent fraud.
Set up your account for our store.
Comply with any legal obligations we have, such as calculating taxes.
Improve our store offerings.
Send you marketing messages, if you choose to receive them.
If you create an account, we will store your name, address, email and phone number, which will be used to populate the checkout for future orders.
We generally store information about you for as long as we need the information for the purposes for which we collect and use it, and we are not legally required to continue to keep it. For example, we will store order information for 7 years for tax and accounting purposes. This includes your name, email address, billing and shipping addresses.
We may automatically collect usage data when you use our website. Data such as your IP address, time, date, duration of your visit and the way in which you use the site, which are all used to make improvements to the performance of the site.
We may collect your data automatically through the use of cookies as allowed by the cookie settings on your browser. For more information about cookies and how we use them on this website, please read the section on cookies below.
Our use of your data
The data gathered above will be used to provide you with the best possible service from our website. In particular: –
Internal record keeping to enable us to provide you with goods and services that you have purchased through the website.
Upon your request (via opt in by ticking a relevant box or applying via an enrolment form) that you wish to be added to our mailing list, we will use your data to provide you with company news and offers that may be of interest to you.
If you do not wish to continue to receive our marketing material you may withdraw your consent at any time by following the unsubscribe link at the bottom of our emails.
At any time you may ask us to remove your account from our website by requesting we close you account via the contact us page of the website. Upon receiving an account closure request we will remove any personal data from our records.
Who on our team has access
Members of our team have access to the information you provide us. For example, both Administrators and Shop Managers can access: –
Order information such as what was purchased, when it was purchased and where it should be sent.
Customer information such as your name, email address, billing and shipping information.
Our team members have access to this information to help fulfil orders, process refunds and support you.
Payments
We accept payments through Sagepay. When processing payments, some of your data will be passed to Sagepay, including information required to process or support the payment, such as your payment card details, the purchase total and billing information.
Keeping your data secure
We will keep your data secure at all times in the following ways: –
Account access is via username with a secure password that is only known to you.
We use secure servers to hold your data.
Credit and debit card payments are processed through Sagepay’s secure payment system. No payment card details are kept on our servers.
If you suspect that there has been data misuse or data breech, please let us know immediately using the email address des@snowbow.co.uk.
If you need further information regarding online security please visit www.getsafeonline.org.
Data retention
Inactive accounts will be deleted along with the personal data they hold after a period of 3 years of inactivity, or if an account closure request is received.
We will store order information for 7 years for tax and accounting purposes. This includes your name, email address and billing and shipping addresses.
Links to other websites
This website may, from time to time, provide links to other websites. We have no control over such websites and are not responsible for the content of these websites. This privacy policy does not extend to your use of such websites. You are advised to read the privacy policy or statement of other websites prior to using them.
Cookies
What are Cookies?
Cookies are small pieces of data stored in text files on your computer or other device when websites are loaded in a browser. They are widely used to “remember” you and your preferences, either for a single visit (through a “session cookie”) or for multiple repeat visits (using a “persistent cookie”). They ensure a consistent and efficient experience for visitors and perform essential functions such as allowing users to register and remain logged in. Cookies may be set by the site that you are visiting (known as “first party cookies”), or by third parties, such as those who serve content or provide advertising or analytics services on the website (“third party cookies”).
Cookies collected on this site
The following cookies may be placed on your computer or device: –
CookieTypeDurationDescriptionPHPSESSIDSessionWhen the browsing session endsUsed to identify the user’s session on the server.viewed_cookie_policyPersistent1 yearSet to “yes” when the Cookie law info bar has been viewed and acceptedwoocommerce_cart_hashSessionWhen the browsing session endsKeeps track of items in the shopping cartwoocommerce_items_in_cartSessionWhen the browsing session endsKeeps track of items in the shopping cartwordpress_logged_in_XXXSessionWhen the browsing session endsIndicates the user is logged in for interface usewordpress_sec_XXXSessionWhen the browsing session endsControls WordPress accesswordpress_test_cookieSessionWhen the browsing session endsTests whether cookies are enabled or notwp_woocommerce_session_XXXPersistent2 daysContains a unique code for each customer so that it knows where to find the cart data in the database for each customer.wp-settings-time-XPersistent1 yearCustomises view of admin interfacewp-settings-XPersistant1 YearCustomises view of admin interface
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.