https://soap-makers.com/privacy-policy-cookie-restriction-mode
My Account
My Account
My Wishlist
My Cart
Checkout
Log In
phone : (01359) 242880 & 03339960297
Watkins Soap
All Categories
Soap
Bath & Shower
Face & Body
Westminster Rugged
Bentley Organic
Seasonal
Best Sellers
Search
My Cart: 0 item
You have no items in your shopping cart.
Subtotal: £0.00
Categories
Soap
Swiss Roll Soap Loaves
1.5kg Soap Loaves
Salad Bar Soaps
Soap Cakes
Moisturising Bath Soaps
Botanical Soaps
Aromatherapy Soaps
Cupcake Soaps
Bath & Shower
Mega Bath Bombs
Handmade Bath Bombs
Mini bath bombs
Aromatherapy Bath Salts
Shampoos
Shower Gels
Foam Baths
Bath & Body Wash
Bath Melts
Face & Body
Foot Care Products
Aromatherapy Gels
Lip Balms
Male Grooming
Westminster Rugged
Bentley Organic
Home Care
Travel Size
Parent & Baby
Hand & Foot
Bath & Body Care
Facial Skincare
Seasonal
Best Sellers
Home
Soap
Swiss Roll Soap Loaves1.5kg Soap LoavesSalad Bar SoapsSoap CakesMoisturising Bath SoapsBotanical SoapsAromatherapy SoapsCupcake Soaps
Bath & Shower
Mega Bath BombsHandmade Bath BombsMini bath bombsAromatherapy Bath SaltsShampoosShower GelsFoam BathsBath & Body WashBath Melts
Face & Body
Foot Care ProductsAromatherapy GelsLip BalmsMale Grooming
Westminster Rugged
Bentley Organic
Home CareTravel SizeParent & BabyHand & FootBath & Body CareFacial Skincare
Seasonal
Best Sellers
Home
/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how Watkins Soap uses and protects any information that you give Watkins Soap when you use this website. Watkins Soap is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. Watkins Soap may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
name
contact information including email address
demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
For the exhaustive list of cookies we collect see the List of cookies we collect section.
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at info@soap-makers.com
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to .
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
List of cookies we collect
The table below lists the cookies we collect and what information they store.
COOKIE nameCOOKIE Description
CART
The association with your shopping cart.
CATEGORY_INFO
Stores the category info on the page, that allows to display pages more quickly.
COMPARE
The items that you have in the Compare Products list.
CURRENCY
Your preferred currency
CUSTOMER
An encrypted version of your customer id with the store.
CUSTOMER_AUTH
An indicator if you are currently logged into the store.
CUSTOMER_INFO
An encrypted version of the customer group you belong to.
CUSTOMER_SEGMENT_IDS
Stores the Customer Segment ID
EXTERNAL_NO_CACHE
A flag, which indicates whether caching is disabled or not.
FRONTEND
You sesssion ID on the server.
GUEST-VIEW
Allows guests to edit their orders.
LAST_CATEGORY
The last category you visited.
LAST_PRODUCT
The most recent product you have viewed.
NEWMESSAGE
Indicates whether a new message has been received.
NO_CACHE
Indicates whether it is allowed to use cache.
PERSISTENT_SHOPPING_CART
A link to information about your cart and viewing history if you have asked the site.
POLL
The ID of any polls you have recently voted in.
POLLN
Information on what polls you have voted on.
RECENTLYCOMPARED
The items that you have recently compared.
STF
Information on products you have emailed to friends.
STORE
The store view or language you have selected.
USER_ALLOWED_SAVE_COOKIE
Indicates whether a customer allowed to use cookies.
VIEWED_PRODUCT_IDS
The products that you have recently viewed.
WISHLIST
An encrypted list of products added to your Wishlist.
WISHLIST_CNT
The number of items in your Wishlist.
Sign Up For Our Newsletter
Get the latest news, offers and information by signing up to our newsletter. Click subscribe on the button below and enter your details. You can unsubscribe at any time.
facebook
google
Accounts
My Account
Order History
Wish List
Search Terms
Returns & Cancellation
Site Map
Privacy Policy
About Soap Makers
Your Account
Search Terms
Contact Us
Payment & Shipping
Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Shipping Guide
Estimated Delivery Time
Contact us
Email: info@soap-makers.com
Phone: 01359 242880 & 03339960297
Address: Watkins Soap Co Ltd, Waterloo Road, Llandrindod Wells, LD1 6BH
Site Map
Privacy Policy
Your Account
Search Terms
Contact Us
Copyright
© 2020 Watkins Soap Company Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
Close
Close