https://sock-locks.com/privacy-policy/
The information we collect is used solely to communicate with our customers about their order or to send them periodic announcements about our product. We do not share customer information with third parties.
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Izgut Ltd. dba Israeli First Aid collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of the https://israelifirstaid.com/ website ("Site"). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Izgut Ltd.
Here at Israeli First Aid we take your privacy and the processing of your personal data very seriously. Therefore, we have prepared this Privacy Notice where we describe our contact details, information regarding what personal data we process and what rights you have towards us and how you may defend them. Always feel free to contact our customer support if you have any questions about our processing of personal data or this Privacy Notice.
Contact Details to the Controller
Name of the company:                                    Izgut Ltd dba Israeli First Aid
National company registration number:       515172153
Country of operation:                                        Israel
E-mail address:                                                 shy@izgut.com
Phone number:                                                 +972-3-6248431
Postal address:                                                 Izgut Ltd (dba Israeli First Aid), Tel Giborim 5, Beit Teper, 3rd floor, Tel Aviv 6810519, Israel
Contact details to customer support:      https://http://www.sock-locks.com/contactus.htm/
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
What is personal data?
“Personal data” is any information relating to an identifiable or identified person (you as a user). An identifiable person is someone who can be identified, directly or indirectly, for example by reference to an identification number or to one or more factors specific to his or her physical, physiological, mental, economic, cultural or social identity.
The processing of special categories of data, defined as personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade-union membership, and data concerning health or sex life, is prohibited, subject to certain exceptions.
Personal data which we handle
Your personal data may only be processed by us with your given consent, when it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party, or when it is necessary for our compliance with a legal obligation. The processing of the personal data, the specific purposes for the processing, the legal basis for the processing, and for how long we store your personal data, is described below.
Name, email address, phone number, home address, payment details, national identification number/tax number, professional details
Your name, email address, phone number, home address, payment details, national identification number/tax number and professional will be processed by us.
Such personal data are processed for the purposes of order fulfillment and resolving of post-fulfillment issues (as recalls, refunds, order history for customer service requests), as well as for statistics for improving our service and product quality. The processing is necessary for our performance of a contract where you are a party and for our performance of legal obligations arising from accounting and taxation legislation. These categories of personal data will be kept for the length of any contractual relationship where you are a party and for seven years thereafter.
We will also process these personal data for marketing contacts. Such processing is based on your active consent and we will keep the data for these purposes until you withdraw your consent.
Date of birth
For statistical purposes and for sending you annual birthday wishes, we will process you date of birth based on your consent. These personal data will be stored securely with us for the length of any contractual relationship where you are a party and for seven years thereafter, or until you withdraw your consent.
Profiling details
We may, on an anonymous basis, process certain profiling details, namely your gender, income, photos/images, physical characteristics, occupation, level of education and marital status. Such categories of personal data may only be caught up by our website traffic analytical tolls and the personal data is only used in a statistical and analytical manner to improve customer the experience as well as our products and services. The processing is necessary for purposes of legitimate interests for us, and the personal data will be kept for the lengths of any contractual relationship where you are a party and seven years thereafter.
Third-party websites
When using our site, you may be directed to third-party websites beyond our sphere of influence. We are not responsible for the content or the privacy policy on such other sites.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Summary of your rights towards us:
You as a user have the possibility to claim several rights towards us. Such rights are listed here and thereafter described in detail below. You find our contact details at the top of this Privacy Notice.
-          Right to be forgotten
-          Right to withdraw consent
-          Right to access
-          Right to rectification
-          Right to restriction of processing
-          Right to data portability
-          Right to object
-          Right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority
Right to be forgotten
You have the right to request that we delete any personal data that we process about you. We will delete the data as soon as possible, but at least within one month’s time. If the personal data is needed for fulfillment of our contractual duties towards you or to preserve it with legal ground, we will however not delete the information until the data is no longer needed. We will also, without your explicit demand, delete such personal data that we have collected but do not longer have a lawful right to process. We will inform you about this, if it would occur.
Right to withdraw consent
You have the right to withdraw your given consent at any time. If you do so, we will erase such personal data which is not subject to any other legal ground than your given consent. The erasure will be done as soon as possible. Please note that your withdrawal of consent does not oblige us to erase personal data which is processed based on a contractual relationship or any other legal ground.
Right of access
You have, at any time, the right to receive confirmation from us as to whether personal data concerning you are being processed. You have also the right to access that personal data and to receive the following information:
a)       The purposes of the processing
b)      The categories of personal data concerned
c)       The recipients or categories of recipients to whom personal data have been or will be disclosed
d)      The envisaged period for which the personal data will be stored or the criteria used to determine that period
e)      The existence of automated decision-making and profiling
Right to rectification
You have, at any time, the right to demand us to correct any inaccurate personal data within a month’s time. You have also the right to complete incomplete personal data, taking into account our purposes of the processing, by the means of providing a supplementary statement.
Right to restriction of processing
You have, instead of demanding us to delete any data, the right to demand us to restrict our processing of your personal data. This may be achieved if
a)       You have reason to believe that the accuracy of the personal data is not correct, and the restriction shall be in place during a period that allows us to verify the accuracy of the personal data
b)      The processing is unlawful but you don’t want us to delete the personal data
c)       We no longer need the personal data for the purposes of the processing, but they are required by you for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims
d)      You have objected to processing concerning profiling or automated decision-making, whereby a restriction shall be obtained during the period when we assess whether our legitimate ground for the processing override your legitimate ground.
Data portability
You have the right to retrieve the personal data which we process about you and that you have provided to us. You have also the right to demand that we transmit such personal data to another data controller if the personal data is collected based on your consent or if the processing of the personal data is carried out by automated means by us, if we deem it technically feasible.
Right to object
You have the right to object, on grounds relating to your particular situation, at any time to processing of personal data concerning you. This can be done when the personal data is processed as part of automated decision-making, including profiling, and direct marketing, if such processing would be carried out (see “Personal data that we process” above).
Right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority
You have, at any time, the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority regarding our processing of your personal data. Regardless of where we carry out our business, even if it would not be in the member state which is your country of residence, you have the right to lodge your complaint to your national supervisory authority. Please follow to the link below to find the contact details to your national supervisory authority:
http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/article-29/structure/data-protection-authorities/index_en.htm
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
About this Privacy Notice
With regard to the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (“GDPR”), we must disclose what personal data we collect and process about you, and for what purposes. In this Privacy Notice, you find all such information that we are obliged to inform you.
The Regulation in its entirety in your language, may be accessed by following this link:
http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/EN/TXT/?uri=uriserv:OJ.L_.2016.119.01.0001.01.ENG&toc=OJ:L:2016:119:TOC
Would you like to defend your rights, which are listed in this Privacy Notice, you may contact us using the contact information listed above.
If you have questions about our policy, please contact us.
×
OK