https://softflexcompany.com/privacy-policy/
menu
search
cart
cart-close
wishlist
arrow-down
star
star-empty
chevron-right
chevron-left
arrow-right
arrow-left
close
close-small
remove
radio-unchecked
radio-checked
checkbox-unchecked
checkbox-checked
facebook
flickr
google-plus
instagram
kickstarter
linkedin
mail
pinterest
print
reddit
rss
spotify
stumbleupon
tumblr
twitter
vimeo
vine
youtube
alert-info
alert-fail
alert-success
Open Arrow
hamburger
grid
icon-visa
icon-mastercard
icon-american-express
icon-discover
icon-paypal
lock
plus
Privacy Policy
Last Update May 25, 2018
At Soft Flex Company, accessible from https://softflexcompany.com/, one of our main priorities is the privacy of our visitors. This Privacy Policy document contains types of information that is collected and recorded by Soft Flex Company and how we use it.
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Soft Flex Company collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of the http://www.softflexcompany.com website ("Site"). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Soft Flex Company.
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) is an update to regulations for the processing of data and private information online. This will apply to online stores based in the European Union or those that do business in Europe. GDPR is in effect starting May 25th, 2018.
BigCommerce stores meet the requirements for compliance with GDPR. How BigCommerce is compliant is outlined on their Privacy Policy page. Specifically, BigCommerce will continue to meet the requirements of the Privacy Shield program and will action all Data Subject Access Requests submitted to privacy@bigcommerce.com, within the required 40 days.
Soft Flex Company legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Policy depends on the Personal Information we collect and the specific context in which we collect the information:
Soft Flex Company needs to perform a contract with you
You have given Soft Flex Company permission to do so
Processing your personal information is in Soft Flex Company legitimate interests
Soft Flex Company needs to comply with the law
Soft Flex Company will retain your personal information only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your information to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our policies.
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights. If you wish to be informed what Personal Information we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us.
In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:
The right to access, update or to delete the information we have on you.
The right of rectification.
The right to object.
The right of restriction.
The right to data portability
The right to withdraw consent
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, place an order, fill out a form, respond to a survey, subscribe to the newsletter and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information,
We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
These cookies are used to store information including visitors' preferences, and the pages on the website that the visitor accessed or visited. The information is used to optimize the users' experience by customizing our web page content based on visitors' browser type and/or other information.
You can choose to disable cookies through your individual browser options. To know more detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers, it can be found at the browsers' respective websites.
How we use collected information
Soft Flex Company collects and uses Users personal information for the following purposes:
To improve customer serviceYour information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
To personalize user experienceWe may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
To improve our SiteWe continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
To process transactionsWe may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
To administer a content, promotion, survey or other Site featureTo send Users information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them.
To send periodic emailsThe email address Users provide for order processing, will only be used to send them information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, and/or other requests or questions. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email or User may contact us via our Site.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and its Users happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission.
Log files
Soft Flex Company follows a standard procedure of using log files. These files log visitors when they visit websites. All hosting companies do this and a part of hosting services' analytics. The information collected by log files include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date and time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks. These are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable. The purpose of the information is for analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users' movement on the website, and gathering demographic information.
Third party websites
Users may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website's own terms and policies.
Controlling Your Personal Information
When you use our website, we make a good faith effort to provide you with access to your Personal Information and to either correct this data if it is inaccurate or to delete such data at your request if it is not otherwise required to be retained by law or for legitimate business purposes. We provide a way for users to update their Personal Information on our website. Alternately, users can send an email to info@softflexcompany.com and request updates or changes to Personal Information. We ask individual users to identify themselves and the information requested to be accessed, corrected, or removed before processing such requests, and we may decline to process requests that are unreasonably repetitive or systematic, require disproportionate technical effort, jeopardize the privacy of others, or would be extremely impractical (for instance, requests concerning information residing on backups), or for which access is not otherwise required. In any case, where we provide information access and correction, we generally perform this service free of charge. However, if doing so would require disproportionate effort, we may charge a fee to cover the cost of verifying the application and locating and retrieving, reviewing, and copying any material requested.
Please be aware that if you delete your Personal Information, you may not be able to continue to use the website. Also, even if you request that we delete your Personal Information, we may need to retain certain information for a limited period of time to satisfy our legal, audit, and/or dispute resolution requirements.
California residents' privacy rights
Pursuant to Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code, residents of California have the right to request from a business with whom the California resident has established a business relationship the following information: (1) the categories of information that Soft Flex Company disclosed to third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year; (2) the names and addresses of third parties that received such information; and (3) if the nature of a third party's business cannot be reasonably determined from the third party's name, examples of the products or services marketed, subject to certain exceptions. You are entitled to receive a copy of this information in a standardized format and the information will not be specific to you individually. To exercise your rights, you may make one request each year by emailing us at support@fusionbeads.com. Be sure that your request provides enough information to properly identify you.
Children's information
Another part of our priority is adding protection for children while using the internet. We encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in, and/or monitor and guide their online activity.
Soft Flex Company does not knowingly collect any Personal Identifiable Information from children under the age of 18. If you think that your child provided this kind of information on our website, we strongly encourage you to contact us immediately and we will do our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.
Online privacy policy only
This privacy policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our website with regards to the information that they shared and/or collect in Soft Flex Company. This policy is not applicable to any information collected offline or via channels other than this website.
Changes to this privacy policy
Soft Flex Company has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the top of this page,. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy and terms of service. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
How you can Stop Receiving Communications from Us
When you receive communications from us, including email, you may indicate a preference to stop receiving further communications from us by following the "unsubscribe" instructions provided in the e-mail you receive, or by contacting us directly. Once you have submitted your e-mail address to unsubscribe, please note that you may continue to receive emails for a short time while our system updates your request.You may change any of the personal information in your account by editing your Account information.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:Soft Flex Company22678 Broadway, Suite 1Sonoma, CA 95476(707) 938-3539Info@SoftFlexCompany.com