https://softubcanada.com/return-policy/
Refunds and Returns - Softub
Language
[glt language="English" label="English"]
[glt language="French" label="Francais"]
Login
Financing
Home Owners
Renters
Dealers
Want to be a Dealer?
FAQs
FAQs
Installation
Downloads
Trade In
Referral Program
Warranty
Testimonials
Read Reviews
Write a Review
Find a Dealer
Contact Us
Contact Us
Careers
Why Softub?
800-668-8827 (TUBS)
Build Your Tub
Softub 140 (1-2 people)
Softub 220 (3-4 people) Softub 300 (5-6 people)
Covers
SURROUNDS
ACCESSORIES
Maintenance
Spa Enhancement
Water Treatment
VIDEOS
×
No products in the cart.
Home / Refunds and Returns
Refunds and Returns
RETURN POLICY
Our goal is to make our customers fully satisfied with the products and services we offer. We ask that customers verify the products they are ordering before finalizing an order.
We will not take back any unit(s) that were opened and/or taken out of the box. Please make sure you are ordering the correct item before placing your order. If you need assistance in ordering a product or you need technical help please call our sales staff at 800-507-9789(TUBS). If you need to return an item you must notify us within 2 days after receiving the unit. No returns will be accepted after that time period. There will be a 25% restocking fee on cancelled or unopened returned items, plus the shipping cost to you and back to us. If you need to cancel an order you must call us at 905-848-9903. Do not email us any cancellations. All special order products cannot be cancelled.
RETURNS AFTER DELIVERY
All sales are final. However, if you discover concealed damage you have 3 days to report it. Just call our service department.
If a refund has been authorized, please note the following:
Credit Card payments will be refunded to the same Credit Card (allow 7 business days).
All other payments will be refunded by cheque (allow 21 business days).
POLICY CHANGES
If we decide to change our privacy policy in whole or in part, we will inform you by posting a notice on our web site. Those changes will go into effect on the effective date posted in the notice and at the end of the revised Privacy Policy. The new policy will apply to all current and past users of our web site and will replace any prior policies that are inconsistent. Your continued use of our web site or services constitutes your consent to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy.
YOUR FEEDBACK
To help us improve our privacy policy and practice, please give us your feedback. You may email us at sales@softubcanada.com
Who We Are
Softub Canada has been distributing and manufacturing the Softub in Canada since 1990. Softub is Canada’s truly portable hot tub, weighing as little as 50lbs empty.
READ MORE
Site Map
Covers
Surrounds
Accessories
Videos
Career Opportunities
Dealers
FAQs
Testimonials
Contact Us
About Us
Connect With Us
Corporate Headquarters: 967 Falconbridge Road, Sudbury,
ON Canada P3A 5K8
800-668-8827 (TUBS)
info&commatsoftubcanada&periodcom
Newsletter
Sign up to our monthly newsletter to stay up to date with the most recent news, events and promotions.
Leave this field empty if you're human:
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Refunds and Returns
Methods of Payment
© 2020 Softub Canada | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Refunds and Returns | Powered by Web Conductors
We accept:
×
Your next big purchase just became more affordable! Softub Canada has partnered with FinanceIt to offer you a flexible monthly payment plan for your purchase. Find out if you’re approved in seconds – no obligation, no commitment.
APPLY NOW
×
Your next big purchase just became more affordable! Softub Canada has partnered with FinanceIt to offer you a flexible monthly payment plan for your purchase. Find out if you’re approved in seconds – no obligation, no commitment. APPLY NOW
×
Join Softub
Username
Email
Sign up
Login to Softub
Username
Password
Login Lost Password?
Reset Password
Enter the username or e-mail you used in your profile. A password reset link will be sent to you by email.
Username or E-mail
Get new password
Loading...
Don't have an account? Sign Up
Already have an account? Login
Notice
Shipping dates may vary depending on shipping company delays and other factors. Please be patient and we will get your order to you ASAP
×
X