https://sonyapaz.com/privacy-policy-2/
Privacy Policy | Sonya Paz Art & Design
Home
Jewelry
Watches
Accessories
Functional Art
Sonya’s Art
Original Art
Art Editions
Commissioned Artwork
My Blog
Select Page
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how Sonya Paz Incorporated uses and protects any information that you give Sonya Paz Incorporated when you use this website.
Sonya Paz Incorporated is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Sonya Paz Incorporated may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective June 2012.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
name and job title
contact information including email address
demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customize the website according to your interests.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or contacting us.
We will never sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about our gallery events, promotions or general updates which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Product Search
Search for:
Search
Sale Items
Tiki Tropical Earrings
$43.00 $35.00
Biz Card Case: Catitude 9
$25.00 $20.00
You've Got Mail - Pendant
$40.00 $34.00
Product Categories
Select a category
CVAA
Grip Stand
Uncategorized
Accessories
Business Card Cases/Metal Wallets
Checks and Labels
Compact Mirrors
Keyrings
Pill Box
Art Editions
Limited Editions
Ornament
Matted Prints (Limited)
Open Editions
Mini Pop Art
Posters
Functional Art
stainless steel water bottle
Flasks
Journals
Coasters
Magnets
Pens and Winestoppers
Tote and Messenger Bags
Thermal Tumbler Mugs
Original Art
Wearable Art
Jewelry
Bottle Cap Pendants
Bracelets
Earrings
SnapArt Pops
Watches
Wristbands & Tools
Cart
Like Sonya Paz on Facebook
Sonya Paz Art & Design Serving the Bay Area and Beyond
Northern California: 408.378.5000
Central Valley: 209.500.1991
Contact Us
About Sonya and her ArtAbout Sonya Paz Fine Art
Sonya’s Bio
Testimonials
Shop Artwork and Products
Sonya’s Blog
Legal Mumbo JumboLegal & IP
Privacy Policy
Terms
Services and NewsServices
Commissioned Artwork
Studio and Design Center
NEW: VinoPaint.com
NEW: Sonya’s Sweet Spicy
NEW: Rockstar Mentor
NEW: Art Marketing Consulting & Mentoring
Press and Media
In the News
Recent Press
Publications
Retail Stores & Wholesale Orders
Donation Requests
Facebook
Twitter
All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2020
Sonya Paz, Inc.
| 505 Baldwin Road, Ste. B, Patterson, CA 95363 | 408.378.5000
Subscribe To Our NewsletterJoin our mailing list to receive the latest news and updates from our creative and colorful team.
SUBSCRIBE!
Excellent! You have successfully subscribed!
Sonya Paz Art & Design