http://soycandleworld.com/privacy-policy/
Top NavigationAbout how are candles made Site
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Navigation
Home
Primary NavigationHow To Make A Soy Candle
What Is Soy Made From
Unique Soy Candles
How To Make Soy Wax
How Do You Make A Candle
How To Make Lemon Candles
How To Make A Candle In A Jar
How Candles Are Made
How To Make Homemade Candles
How To Make Candle Wax
Soy Candle Recipe
Benefits Of Soy Candles
How To Make Wax Candles
How Are Candles Made
How Do You Make Candle Wax
How To Make Scented Candles
Return to Content
Your PrivacyYour privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
Google Adsense and the DoubleClick DART CookieGoogle, as a third party advertisement vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on this site. The use of DART cookies by Google enables them to serve adverts to visitors that are based on their visits to this website as well as other sites on the internet.
To opt out of the DART cookies you may visit the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following url http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html Tracking of users through the DART cookie mechanisms are subject to Google’s own privacy policies.
Other Third Party ad servers or ad networks may also use cookies to track users activities on this website to measure advertisement effectiveness and other reasons that will be provided in their own privacy policies, how are candles made has no access or control over these cookies that may be used by third party advertisers.
Collection of Personal InformationWhen visiting how are candles made, the IP address used to access the site will be logged along with the dates and times of access. This information is purely used to analyze trends, administer the site, track users movement and gather broad demographic information for internal use. Most importantly, any recorded IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Links to third party WebsitesWe have included links on this site for your use and reference. We are not responsible for the privacy policies on these websites. You should be aware that the privacy policies of these sites may differ from our own.
Changes to this Privacy StatementThe contents of this statement may be altered at any time, at our discretion.
If you have any questions regarding the privacy policy of how are candles made then you may contact us at how are candles made@gmail.com
Last updated Sun, 13 Mar 2014 01:07
Recent Posts
Scented Candle Making and Ways to Turn Your Hobby Into a Part Time Business
How do you make candle wax and make your first own candles.
Welcome to Soy Candle World. How Candles are Made.
How to make well loved soy candle wax at home.
Benefits of soy candles and beeswax candles and their benefits.
Categories
benefits of soy candles
how are candles made
how candles are made
how do you make a candle
how do you make candle wax
how to make a candle in a jar
how to make a soy candle
how to make candle wax
how to make homemade candles
how to make lemon candles
how to make scented candles
how to make soy wax
how to make wax candles
soy candle recipe
unique soy candles
what is soy made from
Gift Cards
Gifts for Mom