https://spacepen.eu/en/privacy-cookies/
Privacy & Cookies
Privacy statement Plus Power Group B.V.
April 1, 2019
Privacy-sensitive data or personal data is processed via our webshop. Plus Power Group B.V. considers careful handling of personal data of great importance. Personal data is therefore carefully processed and secured by us.
In our processing we adhere to the requirements of privacy legislation. This means, among other things, that we:
clearly specify our purposes before we process personal data, through this privacy statement;
limit our collection of personal data to only the personal data needed for legitimate purposes;
we first ask you explicit permission to process your personal data in cases where your permission is required;
take appropriate security measures to protect your personal data and also require that of parties that process personal data on our behalf;
respect your right to make your personal data available for inspection, correction or deletion upon request.
Plus Power Group B.V. is responsible for data processing. In this privacy statement we explain which personal data we collect and use and for what purpose at the web shop https://spacepen.eu/. We recommend that you read it carefully.
If you have any questions or want to know what exactly we keep of you, please contact Plus Power Group B.V..
Order processing
When you place an order with us, we use your personal data to process it properly. We may then give your personal data to our delivery service to have the order delivered to you. We also receive information about your payment from your bank or credit card company.
For this we use your email address, telephone number, billing address and address details. We need this because of the contract we conclude with you. We keep this information until your order is completed. We keep certain customer data longer in connection with the statutory tax retention obligation.
Provide to third partiesWe work with certain companies that can receive your personal data mentioned above from us.
Provision to other companies or institutions
With the exception of the partners mentioned above, we do not give your personal data to other companies or institutions under any circumstances, except if we are legally obliged to do so (for example, if the police requires this in the event of a suspected crime).
Statistics
We keep statistics about the use of our webshop, but this data is always anonymized.
Security
Security of personal data is very important to us. We ensure that your data is properly secured with us. We always adjust security and pay close attention to what can go wrong.
Changes to this privacy statement
We reserve the right to make changes to this privacy statement. It is recommended that you consult this privacy statement regularly so that you are aware of these changes. We will do our best to announce changes separately.
View, change and delete your data
If you have any questions or want to know what personal data we have about you, you can always contact us. See the contact details below. You have the following rights:
receive an explanation of what personal data we have and what we do with it
access to the precise personal data we have
to have errors corrected
to have outdated personal data removed
revocation of consent
object to a particular use
Please note that you always clearly state who you are, so that we can be sure that we do not modify or delete data from the wrong person.
To file a complaint
If you feel that we are not helping you in the right way, you have the right to file a complaint with the regulator. This is called the Dutch Data Protection Authority.
Cookies
We use cookies on the Website. A cookie is a small text file that is sent to your computer when you visit a website and is stored on your computer. For example, cookies store information about your PC settings and preferences that you specify, so that you do not have to provide this information again and again and to facilitate a subsequent visit to our Website. This information does not include name or address details or other personal information. You can set the browser of your computer so that you do not receive cookies during your visit to our Website. Please check the settings of your browser. However, in the event that your browser refuses cookies, you may not be able to use all the features of our Website or access parts of our Website.
Contact details
Plus Power Group B.V. (SpacePen.eu)
Zuidergracht 21-20
3763 LS Soest (NL)
sales@spacepen.eu
+31 (0)30 656 9605
Get a Quote for
Customer Name Customer Email Phone Number Comment Submit