https://spacovers.com/privacy-policy/
Home
About Us
Company Info
Testimonials
Our Covers
Cover Specs
Cover Colors
Measuring Tips
Measurement Guide
Our Warranty
Return Policy
Contact
My Account
Shop Now
Spa Covers
Spa Cover Lifts
Spa Accessories
0 Item
×
Search Results
View Cart
Checkout
PRIVACY POLICY
[SPACOVERS.COM] PRIVACY POLICY
[spacovers.com] (the “Company”) is committed to maintaining robust privacy protections for its users. Our Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) is designed to help you understand how we collect, use and safeguard the information you provide to us and to assist you in making informed decisions when using our Service.
For purposes of this Agreement, “Services” refers to the Company’s service which can be accessed via our website at [spacovers.com]. The terms “we,” “us,” and “our” refer to the Company. “You” refers to you, as a user of Service. By accepting our Privacy Policy you consent to our collection, storage, use and disclosure of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy.
By using this Website you will be bound by these T&C and the Company’s privacy policy (“Privacy Policy“). If you don’t agree to these T&C and/or the Privacy Policy, you must not use this Website.
1. INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We collect “Non-Personal Information” and “Personal Information.” Non-Personal Information includes information that cannot be used to personally identify you, such as anonymous usage data, general demographic information we may collect, referring/exit pages and URLs, platform types, preferences you submit and preferences that are generated based on the data you submit and number of clicks. Personal Information includes your email address, phone number, shipping information, billing information, which you submit to us through the registration/online ordering process at the Site.
Embedded Content From Other Websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. When you go to other websites from here, we advise you to be aware and read their privacy policy.
Website Analytics
To improve your experience on our site, we may use “cookies“. Cookies are an industry standard and most major web sites use them. A cookie is a small text file that our site may place on your computer as a tool to remember your preferences. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Our website uses Google Analytics, a service which transmits website traffic data to Google servers in the United States. Google Analytics does not identify individual users or associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. We use reports provided by Google Analytics to help us understand website traffic and webpage usage.
By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner described in Google’s Privacy Policy– external site and for the purposes set out above. You can opt out of Google Analytics if you disable or refuse the cookie, disable JavaScript, or use the opt-out service provided by Google– external site.
spacovers.com also uses interfaces with social media sites such as Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter and others. If you choose to “like” or “share” information from this website through these services, you should review the privacy policy of that service. If you are a member of a social media site, the interfaces may allow the social media site to connect your visits to this site with other Personal Information
Information You Provide Us By Registering For An Account
In addition to the information provided automatically by your browser when you visit the Site, to become a subscriber to the Service you will need to create a personal profile. You can create a profile by registering with the Service and entering your email address billing/shipping information, and creating a user name and a password. By registering, you are authorizing us to collect, store and use your email address in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
2. HOW WE USE AND SHARE INFORMATION
Personal Information:
Except as otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy, we do not sell, trade, rent or otherwise share for marketing purposes your Personal Information with third parties without your consent. We do share Personal Information with vendors who are performing services for the Company, such as the servers for our email communications who are provided access to user’s email address for purposes of sending emails from us. Those vendors use your Personal Information only at our direction and in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
In general, the Personal Information you provide to us is used to help us communicate with you. For example, we use Personal Information to contact users in response to questions, solicit feedback from users, provide technical support, and inform users about promotional offers.
Non-Personal Information
In general, we use Non-Personal Information to help us improve the Service and customize the user experience. We also aggregate Non-Personal Information in order to track trends and analyze use patterns on the Site. This Privacy Policy does not limit in any way our use or disclosure of Non-Personal Information and we reserve the right to use and disclose such Non-Personal Information to our partners, advertisers and other third parties at our discretion.
In the event we undergo a business transaction such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of our assets, your Personal Information may be among the assets transferred. You acknowledge and consent that such transfers may occur and are permitted by this Privacy Policy, and that any acquirer of our assets may continue to process your Personal Information as set forth in this Privacy Policy. If our information practices change at any time in the future, we will post the policy changes to the Site so that you may opt out of the new information practices. We suggest that you check the Site periodically if you are concerned about how your information is used.
How Long We Retain Your Data
We generally discard information about you when we no longer need the information for the purposes for which we collect and use it–which are described in the section above on How We Use And Share Information–and we are not legally required to continue to keep it.
For example, we keep the web server logs that record information about a visitor to website, such as the visitor’s IP address, browser type, and operating system, for approximately 30 days. We retain the logs for this period of time in order to, among other things, analyze traffic to our website and investigate issues if something goes wrong with our website.
3. HOW WE PROTECT INFORMATION
While no online service is 100% secure, we work very hard to protect information about you against unauthorized access, use, alteration, or destruction, and take reasonable measures to do so, such as monitoring our Services for potential vulnerabilities and attacks.
We implement security measures designed to protect your information from unauthorized access. Your account is protected by your account password and we urge you to take steps to keep your personal information safe by not disclosing your password and by logging out of your account after each use. We further protect your information from potential security breaches by implementing certain technological security measures including encryption, firewalls and secure socket layer technology. However, these measures do not guarantee that your information will not be accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed by breach of such firewalls and secure server software. By using our Service, you acknowledge that you understand and agree to assume these risks.
4. CHOICES
You have several choices available when it comes to information about you:
Limit the Information that You Provide: If you have an account with us, you can choose not to provide the optional account information, profile information, and transaction and billing information.
Opt-Out of Electronic Communications: You may opt out of receiving promotional messages from us. Just follow the instructions in those messages. If you opt out of promotional messages, we may still send you other messages, like those about your account and legal notices.
Set Your Browser to Reject Cookies: At this time, spacovers.com does not respond to “do not track” signals across all of our Services. However, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies before using our website, with the drawback that certain features of our website may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Close Your Account: While we’d be very sad to see you go, if you no longer want to use our Services : ( , you can close your spacovers.com account. Please keep in mind that we may continue to retain your information after closing your account, as described in How Long We Retain Your Data above–for example, when that information is reasonably needed to comply with (or demonstrate our compliance with) legal obligations such as law enforcement requests, or reasonably needed for our legitimate business interests.
5. YOUR RIGHTS REGARDING THE USE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
You have the right at any time to prevent us from contacting you for marketing purposes. When we send a promotional communication to a user, the user can opt out of further promotional communications by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in each promotional e-mail. Please note that notwithstanding the promotional preferences you indicate by either unsubscribing or opting out, we may continue to send you administrative emails including, for example, periodic updates to our Privacy Policy.
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
If you are located in certain countries, including those that fall under the scope of the European General Data Protection Regulation (AKA the “GDPR”), data protection laws give you rights with respect to your personal data, subject to any exemptions provided by the law, including the rights to:
Request access to your personal data;
Request correction or deletion of your personal data;
Object to our use and processing of your personal data;
Request that we limit our use and processing of your personal data; and
Request portability of your personal data.
You can usually access, correct, or delete your personal data using your account settings and tools that we offer, but if you aren’t able to do that, or you would like to contact us about one of the other rights, scroll down to Contact Us to, well, find out how to reach us.
EU individuals also have the right to make a complaint to a government supervisory authority.
We collect information about you during the checkout process on our store.
6. WHAT WE COLLECT AND STORE THROUGH OUR ONLINE STORE
While you visit our site, we’ll track:
Products you’ve viewed: we’ll use this to, for example, show you products you’ve recently viewed
Location, IP address and browser type: we’ll use this for purposes like estimating taxes and shipping
Shipping address: we’ll ask you to enter this so we can, for instance, estimate shipping before you place an order, and send you the order!
We’ll also use cookies to keep track of cart contents while you’re browsing our site.
When you purchase from us, we’ll ask you to provide information including your name, billing address, shipping address, email address, phone number, credit card/payment details and optional account information like username and password. We’ll use this information for purposes, such as, to:
Send you information about your account and order
Respond to your requests, including refunds and complaints
Process payments and prevent fraud
Set up your account for our store
Comply with any legal obligations we have, such as calculating taxes
Improve our store offerings
Send you marketing messages, if you choose to receive them
If you create an account, we will store your name, address, email and phone number, which will be used to populate the checkout for future orders.
We generally store information about you for as long as we need the information for the purposes for which we collect and use it, and we are not legally required to continue to keep it. For example, we will store order information for 7 years for tax and accounting purposes. This includes your name, email address and billing and shipping addresses.
We will also store comments or reviews, if you choose to leave them.
Who on our team has access
Members of our team have access to the information you provide us. For example, both Administrators and Shop Managers can access:
Order information like what was purchased, when it was purchased and where it should be sent, and
Customer information like your name, email address, and billing and shipping information.
Our team members have access to this information to help fulfill orders, process refunds and support you.
Payments
We accept payments through PayPal. When processing payments, some of your data will be passed to PayPal, including information required to process or support the payment, such as the purchase total and billing information.
Please see the PayPal Privacy Policy for more details.
7. THIRD PARTY CONTENT AND SERVICES
The Company is not an agent of any third party or any party named or linked to this Website (“Third Parties“) and does not have any authority to act for such Third Parties. The Company does not control or endorse and is not responsible or liable for any Content, advertising, products or other materials on or available from such Third Parties.
You agree that we are not responsible for the availability or contents of any such third party sites, or the services they provide, which shall be governed by the Terms and Conditions of that third-party business. Your use of third party sites and services is at your own risk. You agree to comply with the relevant terms and conditions of any such third party service provider.
You agree that (to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law) the Company (and our officers, directors and employees) shall have no liability to you in relation to any dispute which you may have with a Third Party, without limitation one or more of your customers, and/or any other users of this Website.
8. CHANGES TO THE WEBSITE AND ITS SERVICES
The Company may modify, replace, refuse access to, suspend or discontinue the Website, partially or entirely, or change and modify prices for all or part of the Services at our sole discretion.
All of these changes shall be effective upon their posting on our site – your use of the Services following such event constitutes your acceptance of the T&C as modified.
The Company reserves the right to amend and alter these Terms and Conditions and/or the Privacy Policy. In such event the Company will post the amended Terms and Conditions on this Website. Changes will apply from the date of posting.
If after the Terms and Conditions and/or the Privacy Policy have been amended or altered you do not agree to their new terms, you must stop using this Website.
9. WARRANTY DISCLAIMER AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
The Company has no special relationship with or fiduciary duty to you. You acknowledge that the Company has no control over, and no duty to take any action regarding:
which users gain access to the Services;
what Content you access via the Services;
what effects the Content may have on you;
how you may interpret or use the Content;
or what actions you may take as a result of having been exposed to the Content.
You release Company from all liability for you having acquired or not acquired Content through the Services. The Services may contain, or direct you to websites containing, information that some people may find offensive or inappropriate.
THE SERVICES, CONTENT, WEBSITE AND ANY SOFTWARE ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR THAT USE OF THE SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE.
IN NO EVENT SHALL COMPANY OR ITS SUPPLIERS, OR THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, OR AGENTS BE LIABLE WITH RESPECT TO THE WEBSITE OR THE SERVICES OR THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS AGREEMENT UNDER ANY CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHER LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY (I) FOR ANY AMOUNT IN THE AGGREGATE IN EXCESS OF THE GREATER OF THE FEES PAID BY YOU FOR THE SERVICES PURCHASED THROUGH THE WEBSITE DURING THE SIX-MONTH PERIOD PRECEDING THE APPLICABLE CLAIM; (II) FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER; (III) FOR DATA LOSS OR COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; (IV) FOR ANY MATTER BEYOND COMPANY’S REASONABLE CONTROL; OR (V) FOR ANY ACTIONS OF, OR SERVICES PROVIDED BY, THIRD-PARTY SERVICE PROVIDER BUSINESSES OR INDEPENDENT CONTRACTORS PROVIDING SERVICES ON BEHALF OF THE COMPANY.
10. CONTACT US
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy and/or Terms and Conditions or the practices of this Site, please contact us by sending an email to [privacy@spacovers.com].
Last Updated: This Privacy Policy was last updated on [02.13.2019].
Company InformationAbout Us
Privacy Policy
Return Policy
Our Warranty
ResourcesMeasuring Tips
Measuring Guide
Fax Order Form
Installation Instructions
Product CategoriesSpa Accessories
Spa Cover Lifts
Spa Covers
Contact Us Hours: Mon-Fri, 8am - 4:30pm
(951) 781-8154
(800) 781-8154
spacovers.com@gmail.com
SpaCovers.com
3185 Chicago Avenue
Riverside, CA
92507
© 2020 Copyright - SpaCovers.com