https://spicemerchant.com/terms-of-service/
Skip to content
Terms of Service
Terms and Conditions
Legal Notice
All notices from The Spice Merchant & Company to You may be posted on our Web site and will be deemed delivered within thirty (30) days after posting. Notices from You to The Spice Merchant & Company shall be made either by regular mail, sent to the address we provide on our Web site, by email, phone, or first class mail, or to our email address at:
The Spice Merchant & Company
1300 E Douglas
Wichita KS 67214
E-mail: sales@spicemerchant.com
Phone: 316-263-4121
Delivery shall be deemed to have been made by You to The Spice Merchant & Company five (7) days after the date sent.
Copyright Notice
All content appearing on this Web site is the property of The Spice Merchant & Company.
Copyright © 2018 The Spice Merchant & Company. All rights reserved. As a user, you are authorized only to view, copy, print, and distribute documents on this Web site so long as (1) the document is used for informational purposes only, and (2) any copy of the document (or portion thereof) includes the following copyright notice: Copyright © 2018 The Spice Merchant & Company. All rights reserved.
Trademarks
All brand, product, service, and process names appearing on this Web site are trademarks of their respective holders. Reference to or use of a product, service, or process does not imply recommendation, approval, affiliation, or sponsorship of that product, service, or process by The Spice Merchant & Company. Nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring by implication, estoppel, or otherwise any license or right under any patent, copyright, trademark, or other intellectual property right of The Spice Merchant & Company or any third party, except as expressly granted herein.
Terms of Use
This site may contain other proprietary notices and copyright information, the terms of which must be observed and followed. Information on this site may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. Information, including product pricing and availability, may be changed or updated without notice. The Spice Merchant & Company and its subsidiaries reserve the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, and/or cancel orders in its discretion, including, without limitation, if The Spice Merchant & Company believes that customer conduct violates applicable law or is harmful to the interests of The Spice Merchant & Company and its subsidiaries.
Privacy Policy
Protecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to The Spice Merchant and Company and thespicemerchant.com and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to The Spice Merchant include thespicemerchant.com. The Spice Merchant website is an ecommerce site. By using this website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
In order to better provide you with products and services offered on our Site, The Spice Merchant and Company may collect personal identifiable information such as:
First and Last Name
Mailing Address
E-mail Address
Phone Number
If you purchase The Spice Merchant's products and services, we collect billing and credit card information. This information is used to complete purchase transactions.
Please keep in mind that if you disclose personal information or sensitive data through our public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others.
We do not collect any personal information about you unless you voluntarily provide it to us. However, you may be required to provide certain personal information to use when you elect to use certain products or services available on the Site. These may include (a) registering for an account; (b) sending use an email message; (c) submitting your credit card or other payment information when ordering and purchasing products and services on our Site. To wit, we will use your information for, but not limited to, communicating with you in relation to services and/or products you have requested from us.
Use of your Personal Information
The Spice Merchant & Company collects and uses your personal information to operate its websites and deliver the services you have requested. We may also use your information to inform you of other products or services available from The Spice Merchant and its affiliates.
Sharing Information with Third Parties
The Spice Merchant and Company does not sell, rent, or lease its customer lists to third parties.
We may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to The Spice Merchant and Company, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
We may disclose your personal information, without notice, if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on The Spice Merchant and Company or the Site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of The Spice Merchant and Company; and/or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of The Spice Merchant, or the public.
Tracking User Behavior
The Spice Merchant and Company may keep track of the websites and pages our users visits within The Spice Merchant site in order to determine what products and services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within The Spice Merchant to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Automatically Collected Information
Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by The Spice Merchant and Company. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding the use of The Spice Merchant and Company website.
Use of Cookies
The Spice Merchant and Company website may use "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of The Spice Merchant and Company services or websites you visit.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy statements of other sites.
Security of your Personal Information
The Spice Merchant & Company secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. We use the following method for this purpose:
Standard SSL Protocol
When personal information (such as credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption.
Unfortunately, no data transmission over the internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, you acknowledge that: (a) there are security and privacy limitations inherent to the internet which are beyond our control; and (b) security, integrity, and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and us through this Site cannot be guaranteed.
Children Under Thirteen
The Spice Merchant and Company does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.
E-mail Communications
From time to time, The Spice Merchant and Company may contact you via email for the purpose of providing news letters, announcements, promotional offers, alerts, confirmations, surveys, and/or other general communication.
If you would like to stop receiving marketing or promotional communication via email from us, you may opt out of such communications by clicking the UNSUBSCRIBE button, contacting us at sales@spicemerchant.com, or by phone: 316-263-4121.
Changes to this Statement
The Spice Merchant & Company reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. All privacy information will be updated on this page.
Contact Information
If you have any questions or comments regarding this Statement, contact us via:
The Spice Merchant & Company
1300 E Douglas
Wichita KS 67214
or E-mail: sales@spicemerchant.com
or telephone: 316-263-4121
Shipping and Delivery
At this time, The Spice Merchant & Company ships merchandise only to locations within the United States and U.S. territories, including Alaska, Hawaii, Puerto Rico, Guam, and the US Virgin Islands and military APO type addresses. The Spice Merchant & Company does not offer shipping to international locations. The risk of loss and title for all merchandise ordered on this Web site pass to you when the merchandise is delivered to the shipping carrier.
Shipping times may vary according to availability and subject to delays resulting from postal delays or force majeure for which we will not be responsible. Any stated delivery dates are approximate. We encourage you to track your order using the tracking number provided upon ordering. The Spice Merchant shall not be liable for any losses, damages, penalties or expenses for failure to meet any delivery date.
You must inspect the products promptly upon receipt for non-conformity of your order with respect to quantity, quality, and/or defects. If there is a problem with your order or if you have not received your order you must contact us with a notice of a claim within 7 days from the date of delivery. Failure to provide us with notice of a claim within 7 days from the date of delivery constitutes a waiver by you of all claims with respect to such products.
Be sure to choose to the correct shipping option. If you choose the wrong one please contact us immediately. We will cancel your order and you will have to resubmit it with the correct information. Please be aware that we offer an "in-store pickup" option for those who do not want their order delivered and would like to come to our store to pick it up.
Payment
All payments will be processed by Heartland Secure Submit, a third-party payment service provider, and will be subject to their Terms of Use.  Upon receiving monies from the debiting of your card, the products ordered shall be shipped to you. You may purchase merchandise from this Web site by using any one of the payment options listed on the Site. The Spice Merchant & Company reserves the right to change its payment procedures at any time without prior notice to you.
Sales Tax
The Spice Merchant & Company charges sales tax for merchandise ordered on this Web site based on the applicable state sales tax rate for in-state, Kansas, orders. Taxes are not charged for out of state orders.
Return Policy
However, under no circumstances can we refund money or accept a return on bulk tea and/or coffee purchases simply because you do not like the flavor. Therefore, we strongly recommend that you read the description carefully and purchase the minimum amount of a new tea or coffee before purchasing a larger quantity. If there is a defect, incorrect quantity, or incorrect item in any product from us, we will replace it or refund your money if you submit a claim as set out in the above section (shipping and delivery).
Warranties
The Content included in this Web site has been compiled from a variety of sources and is subject to change without notice as are any products, programs, offerings, or technical information described in this Web site. The Spice Merchant & Company makes no representation or warranty whatsoever regarding the completeness, quality, or adequacy of the Web site or Content, or the suitability, functionality, or operation of this Web site or it’s Content. By using this Web site, you assume the risk that the Content on this Web site may be inaccurate, incomplete, offensive, or may not meet your needs and requirements.
The Spice Merchant & Company SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NONINFRINGEMENT WITH RESPECT TO THESE WEB PAGES AND CONTENT. IN NO EVENT WILL The Spice Merchant & Company BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES EVEN IF COMPANY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
-- OR Depending on State --
The information and content on this server is provided "as is" with no warranty of any kind, either express or implied, including but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement. Any warranty that is provided in connection with any of the products and services described on this Web site is provided by the advertiser or manufacturer only, and not by The Spice Merchant & Company.
The references and descriptions of products or services within the Web site materials are provided "as is" without any warranty of any kind, either express or implied. The Spice Merchant & Company is not liable for any damages, including any consequential damages, of any kind that may result to the user from the use of the materials on this Web site or of any of the products or services described hereon.
The descriptions of, and references to, products, services and companies on this Web site are the sole responsibility of the companies providing the information ("advertisers"), and not The Spice Merchant & Company.
The inclusion of material on this server does not imply any endorsement by The Spice Merchant & Company, which makes no warranty of any kind with respect to the subject matter of the server materials advertised.
A possibility exists that the server materials could include inaccuracies or errors. Additionally, a possibility exists that unauthorized additions, deletions, and alterations could be made by third parties to the server materials. Although The Spice Merchant & Company tries to ensure the integrity and the accurateness of the server materials, it makes no guarantees about their correctness or accuracy. Before relying on any representation made in any of the server materials, check with the advertiser of the product or service to ensure that the information you are relying upon is correct.
Miscellaneous
VOID WHERE PROHIBITED: Although the information on this Web site is accessible worldwide, not all products or services discussed in this Web site are available to all persons or in all geographic locations or jurisdictions. The Spice Merchant & Company and the advertisers each reserve the right to limit the provision of their products or services to any person, geographic area, or jurisdiction they so desire and to limit the quantities of any products or services that they provide. Any offer for any product or service made in the materials on this Web site is void where prohibited.
GOVERNING LAW: In the event of litigation both parties agree that the Law of the State of business registration of The Spice Merchant & Company shall apply and both parties shall consent to the jurisdiction of said State's courts, or in the event of diversity of citizenship, the United States District Court for the (District). Both parties expressly waive a trial by jury.
MISCELLANEOUS: The Terms and Conditions constitute the entire agreement between you and The Spice Merchant & Company with respect to this Web site. The Terms and Conditions supersede all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether electronic, oral or written between you and The Spice Merchant & Company with respect to this Web site. No modification of the Terms and Conditions shall be effective unless it is authorized by The Spice Merchant & Company. If any provision of the Terms and Conditions is found to be contrary to law, then such provision(s) shall be constructed in a manner to closely reflect, as much as possible, the intentions of the parties, with the other provisions remaining in full force and effect.