https://sporting-scene.com/privacy-policy/
The UK’s Leading Producer of Fieldsport Programmes & Equipment
Home / Privacy Policy
Sporting Scene Privacy Policy
Your privacy is critically important to us.
Sporting Scene is located at:BranxtonBranxton Hill FarmhouseCornhill-on-TweedNorthumberlandTD12 4QFUnited Kingdom
It is Sporting Scene’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website. This Privacy Policy applies to sporting-scene.com (hereinafter, “us”, “we”, or “sporting-scene.com”). We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting personally identifiable information you may provide us through the Website. We have adopted this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) to explain what information may be collected on our Website, how we use this information, and under what circumstances we may disclose the information to third parties. This Privacy Policy applies only to information we collect through the Website and does not apply to our collection of information from other sources.
This Privacy Policy, together with the Terms and conditions posted on our Website, set forth the general rules and policies governing your use of our Website. Depending on your activities when visiting our Website, you may be required to agree to additional terms and conditions.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Sporting Scene collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Sporting Scene’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Sporting Scene’s visitors use its website. From time to time, Sporting Scene may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Sporting Scene also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on http://sporting-scene.com blog posts. Sporting Scene only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Sporting Scene’s websites choose to interact with Sporting Scene in ways that require Sporting Scene to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Sporting Scene gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up for a blog at http://sporting-scene.com to provide a username and email address.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Advertisements
Ads appearing on our website may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Sporting Scene and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Links To External Sites
Our Service may contain links to external sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy and terms and conditions of every site you visit.
We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites, products or services.
Aggregated Statistics
Sporting Scene may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its website. Sporting Scene may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Sporting Scene does not disclose your personally-identifying information.
E-commerce
Those who engage in transactions with Sporting Scene – by purchasing Sporting Scene’s services or products, are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, Sporting Scene collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with Sporting Scene. Sporting Scene does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Business Transfers
If Sporting Scene, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Sporting Scene goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Sporting Scene may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Sporting Scene may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Sporting Scene’s sole discretion. Sporting Scene encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Contact Information
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us via
or phone.
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thanks