https://sprouthouse.com/returns-and-privacy-policy/
lock
plus
Pages
About Us
GROWING GUIDES PDF Forms AND SPROUTING INFORMATION
SEED LINKS
MIXES LINKS
SPROUTING CHART
BLOG
Ordering Information and FAQs
Returns and Privacy Policy
Contact Us
How do I return an item?
Please contact customer service for more information on returning an item. Thank you.
1.800.S.P.R.O.U.T.S
1.800.777.6887
1.845.336.4136
info@sprouthouse.comAll returned merchandise should be returned in the original condition within 30 days of the ship date.
The Sprout House does not refund shipping charges.
Products returned within 30 days of the ship date will be charged a 15% restocking fee.
Products returned within 31 days to 60 days of the ship date will be charged a 25% restocking fee.
There will be no returns accepted after 60 days.
There will be no refunds after 60 days.
There will be no credit after 60 days.
There will be no exchanges after 60 days.
There will be no returns on special orders or drop-shipped merchandise.
There will be no refunds on special orders or drop-shipped merchandise.
There will be no credit on special orders or drop-shipped merchandise.
There will be no exchanges on special orders or drop-shipped merchandise.
Exchanges will be handled on a case by case basis.
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which The Sprout House collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of the www.sprouthouse.com website ("Site"). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by The Sprout House.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, place an order and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information,
Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously.
We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
The Sprout House collects and uses Users personal information for the following purposes:
To process transactionsWe may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
To send periodic emailsThe email address Users provide for order processing, will only be used to send them information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, and/or other requests or questions. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email or User may contact us via our Site.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and its Users happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures.
Changes to this privacy policy
The Sprout House has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, post a notification on the main page of our Site,revise the updated date at the bottom of this page,. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy and terms of service. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
The Sprout House
www.sprouthouse.com
The Sprout House 874 Neighborhood Road Lake Katrine NY 12449
845-336-4136
updated April 19, 2017
Downloadable Guides from The Sprout House
MicroGreen Shop
Organic Sprouting Seeds
View all Organic Sprouting Seeds
Certified Organic Non-GMO Sprouting Seeds 1 pound
Certified Organic Non-GMO Sprouting Seeds Bulk
Certified Organic Non-GMO Sprouting Seeds Sample S
Sprouting Mixes
View all Sprouting Mixes
Certified Organic non-GMO Mixes Bulk
Certified Organic Non-GMO Seeds Mixes 1 Pound
Sprouts for Pets
Wheatgrass and Barley Grass Shop
Sprouters
View all Sprouters
Plastic Sprouting Lids
The Sprout House Videos
Sprout Recipes
Ordering Information and FAQ's
The Sprout House
About Us
GROWING GUIDES PDF Forms AND SPROUTING INFORMATION
SEED LINKS
MIXES LINKS
SPROUTING CHART
BLOG
Ordering Information and FAQs
Returns and Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Currency:
US Dollars
Your cart is empty.
Close