http://staging.everythingdinosaur.com/terms-and-conditions/
Skip to content
Terms and Conditions
Home/Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditionsmike2019-05-11T10:08:34+01:00
Terms and Conditions
Customer Service Contact Information
Address: Everything Dinosaur, 1 Goodwood Rise, Middlewich, Cheshire, UK, CW10 9FJ
E-mail: sales@everythingdinosaur.com
Website: www.everythingdinosaur.com
Telephone number: +44 (0) 1606 841068
Refunds and Cancellation Policy
We want you to enjoy trading with Everything Dinosaur, however, you have a right to cancel an order that you place with us.  Your right to cancel starts the moment you place your order and ends 14 days from the day you receive the goods.  Everything Dinosaur tries to pack and despatch orders promptly, orders can be cancelled prior to despatch, simply contact us (email, or telephone) and we can reverse transactions and issue a full refund.
If you wish to cancel an order and it is likely to have already been despatched, you must inform us of your decision to cancel in a clear, written statement (email or letter).  When providing notice of cancellation include your contact details, order number (if known), date ordered and when goods received (if applicable).
If the parcel has already been despatched, we will provide a refund within 14 days of us getting the goods back, or 14 days from you providing evidence of having returned the goods, such as a proof of posting receipt from the Post Office, whichever is sooner.
We will refund you for the cost of the goods and the basic delivery cost of getting the goods to you in the first place.  Please note, postage refund payments will not exceed the original amount paid for despatch.  For example, if you opted for an enhanced service, such as a courier delivery, or a tracked service we will only refund you the basic delivery cost.
Refunds do not include the cost of the return delivery to Everything Dinosaur.
Goods should be sent back in their original condition, unopened, (with any packaging or seals or shrink-wrap intact) and unused.  We reserve the right to make a deduction from the refund if the value of the goods has been reduced as a result of handling goods more than was necessary.
Everything Dinosaur will not refund, credit or exchange an item if it has been opened or tampered with and is not faulty.  Under such circumstances Everything Dinosaur reserves the right to make an appropriate offer as goods will be deemed to be second-hand.
Returning a Damaged, Defective or Faulty Item
We will replace or refund faulty goods if they are deemed to be faulty on arrival.  The returns period is extended to 30 days in the case of faulty or damaged goods.  This period starting from the time that you took possession of the goods (i.e. delivery received).
To help us help you, goods to be returned complete with the original packaging material where possible, along with proof of purchase.
If we are unable to detect a fault, it may be necessary for Everything Dinosaur to return the items to the manufacturer for confirmation before we are able to supply a replacement or refund.
Reasonable costs for returning damaged, defective or incorrect items lies with the supplier and we will refund the customer for the return postage.  We would request that customers use a recorded means of carriage.
In the event of Everything Dinosaur sending you a replacement for a damaged, defective or incorrect item, if you are requested to return the original item to us, please do so within 14 days.  If you do not send the original item to us, or demonstrate evidence of despatch, such as a proof of posting receipt by the end of the 14-day period, we reserve the right to charge an amount equal to the price of your original order.
Return of Items you did not Order (Incorrect Items)
As soon as you realise that we have sent you an incorrect item (mistakes do happen, very occasionally, I’m happy to add), you need to send the incorrect item back to us at the Customer Service contact address.
Everything Dinosaur must be notified prior to the item being returned, please contact the company to obtain a returns reference number:
E-mail: sales@everythingdinosaur.com
Telephone number: +44 (0) 1606 841068
Any items without such approval may be returned to sender at senders cost.
We will make sure you are not charged for the incorrect item or postage for returning it and we will replace the item we sent you with the item you ordered, as quickly as we can.
Please note that the customer will be responsible for the costs of returning the items to Everything Dinosaur unless we delivered the item in error, or if the item is damaged, faulty or defective.
All equipment supplied is covered by the manufacturers own warranty.
All statements, guarantees or warranties in the above are in addition to and do not affect your statutory rights.
Ordering
Making a purchase at Everything Dinosaur could not be easier, just browse through our shop, click on items that you wish to buy adding them to the shopping cart.  After you have finished your selection, proceed to the checkout area so that your order can be processed.
Ordering online
We accept the following credit cards – Visa, MasterCard, JCB and Corporate Purchasing cards but not American Express.  Everything Dinosaur also accepts the following debit cards – UK Maestro (Switch), Electron, Visa, Delta and Solo.  Transactions can also be made using PayPal.  All online purchases at Everything Dinosaur are carried out on secure certification sites and all data is encrypted and data transfer takes place over secure servers.  Everything Dinosaur is PCI DSS (Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard), compliant, it adheres to a set of security standards and protocols designed to ensure that credit/debit card information is processed, stored, transmitted and maintained in a secure environment.
Ordering by Post
If you prefer, you can contact Everything Dinosaur and make a purchase paying by cheque or postal order (GBP Sterling only) made payable to Everything Dinosaur.  We suggest you keep a copy of what you have ordered.  Send your order to:
Everything Dinosaur, 1 Goodwood Rise, Middlewich, Cheshire, UK, CW10 9FJ
Please provide us with a daytime telephone number or e-mail address so that we can contact you in case of a query.  Please note that your order will not be despatched until your cheque is cleared which normally takes approximately 7-10 working days dependent on the issuing bank.
Ordering by Phone
We are happy to receive orders by telephone, using our encrypted 3-D secure telephone transaction system, one of our team members will be able to deal with your order personally or you can leave your contact details on our secure answer phone service.  Please have your order information and credit/debit card details ready when you/we call.
Telephone: +44 (0) 1606 841068
International Orders or Very Urgent Orders
Everything Dinosaur operates a policy of shipping at current, appropriate shipping/postal charges.  Unlike other companies we don’t believe in charging excessive fees for postage and shipping.  Our shipping and postal charges are calculated on the Royal Mail service, Carrier service and ParcelForce Worldwide rates.  We do try to keep postage and shipping costs to a minimum and if you have special shipping needs or any questions about shipping, please e-mail our team or telephone.
E-mail: sales@everythingdinosaur.com
Telephone: +44 (0) 1606 841068
Delivery Policy
Delivery charges are based on the weight of the goods ordered.  At Everything Dinosaur, we don’t believe in charging excessive fees for postage and shipping.
Our shipping and postal charges are calculated on the Royal Mail, ParcelForce Worldwide or Courier service rates, depending on the most appropriate and cost-effective service for delivery of goods.  We do add a small fee onto the cost of each transaction to cover packaging, packing and handling.
Orders received by 1pm are usually despatched on the same working day.  Orders placed on a Saturday/Sunday will be despatched on the next working day.   Delivery times given are estimates only and cannot be guaranteed.  In the event, that ordered items are out of stock, a member of staff will contact you to confirm a delivery date.
UK Deliveries
For deliveries within the UK, we offer a range of delivery options, from Royal Mail services and our own discounted delivery services including a UK courier service.  In instances whereby no preferred carrier option is stated, items that weigh up to 1 Kg, will be despatched by First Class Royal Mail post.  For items that are heavier than 1 Kg Everything Dinosaur reserves the right to select the most appropriate postage option for that parcel.
Standard European Union Deliveries
Orders received by 1pm GMT are usually despatched on the same working day.  Orders placed on a weekend will usually be despatched on the next working day.  Postal charges are based on weight.
Other International Deliveries
Orders placed by 1pm GMT are usually despatched on the same working day.  Delivery is normally made within 4-14 working days of despatch depending on the destination.  Please ensure that local customs and excise regulations are adhered to.  Everything Dinosaur will not be liable for non-delivery of items due to breach of customs regulations or the non-payment of any import duties.
For orders heading abroad, we provide a wide range of delivery options, from International Standard (Airmail), Tracked, Signed or Tracked and Signed (service offered is dependent on destination), we also offer International Parcel Service delivery.
Feedback/Product Reviews/Customer Comments
At Everything Dinosaur, the views, feedback, opinions and comments of our customers are very important to us.  We want our customers to be part of the conversation and collecting feedback, comments and reviews as market research, allows us to improve our customer service and provide better marketing communications in the future.
Customers have the opportunity to provide feedback about a specific transaction on our website and a customer might receive an email from an independent review provider such as Feefo following a transaction.  You will only ever be contacted and given the opportunity to provide feedback relating to a specific sale or service.  Don’t worry, we will never sell your information to third parties.
General Terms and Conditions
All trademarks of products/services promoted on this website are the property of the respective owners.
Photographs and other images showing products are for illustrative purposes only.  We advise you to carefully read product descriptions.  Team members are happy to assist with enquiries, to answer any questions and provide further information if required.
Everything Dinosaur is dedicated to giving you, the customer, complete satisfaction.  If you have any suggestions or comments please contact our Customer Service team or e-mail sales@everythingdinosaur.com
We try to give the very best service to our customers.  We reserve the right to alter the above terms and conditions as and when trading circumstances demand.
Privacy and Cookies Policy
Everything Dinosaur is committed to respecting your personal data and protecting your privacy.  Your security is a priority, we are all consumers and we understand that your personal data belongs to you, (the data subject) and not the business.  As part of our honest, fair and transparent approach to personal data and data protection, it is important for our customers and site visitors to know why we collect data, how we use and process it, as well as how data is stored and disposed of.  You can find details of our privacy and cookies policy here: Privacy and Cookies Policy
If Everything Dinosaur changes its privacy and cookies policy, the information will be posted up, enabling our customers to remain informed regarding the data we collect and how we responsibly use the data.
InformationAbout Us
Contact Us
Customer Service
FAQ
Privacy and Cookies Policy
Cookies Policy
Resources
Terms and Conditions
Testimonials
Shipping
Toggle Sliding Bar Area
Go to Top