https://starborn.com/info/privacy/
Starborn Terms, Conditions, and Policies
By visiting this site or using its services, you hereby unambiguously acknowledge your consent, and therefore you agree to such use as described in our policy below.
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their ‘Personally identifiable information’ (PII) is being used online. PII, as used in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our catalog and website?
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, and phone number or other details to help you with your experience and help us with customer service assistance for your order.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you place an order, subscribe to a newsletter or enter information on our site.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
• To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
• To administer a sale, promotion, survey or other site feature.
• To quickly process your transactions.
• To send periodic emails regarding your order or other products and services.
How do we protect visitor information?
Our website is monitored on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible.
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and not accessible.
We implement a variety of security measures when a user places an order enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.
All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.
Do we use ‘cookies’?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We use cookies to:
• Help hold and process the items in user’s shopping carts.
• Understand and save user’s preferences for future visits.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser’s Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If users disable cookies in their browser:
If you disable cookies off, some features will be disabled It will turn off some of the features that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly.
However, you can still place orders over the telephone by contacting customer service.
Third-party disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. Ever!
Third-party links
We do not include or offer third-party services on our website.
Google
Google’s advertising requirements can be summed up by Google’s Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en
We have not enabled Google AdSense on our site but we may do so in the future.
California Online Privacy Protection Act
CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law’s reach stretches well beyond California to require a person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting personally identifiable information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals with whom it is being shared, and to comply with this policy. – See more at: http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf
According to CalOPPA we agree to the following:
Users can visit our site anonymously.
Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page or as a minimum on the first significant page after entering our website.
Our Privacy Policy link includes the word ‘Privacy’ and can be easily be found on the page specified above.
Users will be notified of any privacy policy changes on our Privacy Policy Page
Users are able to change their personal information:
By emailing us
By calling us
By logging in to their account
How does our site handle do not track signals?
We honor do not track signals and do not track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
Does our site allow third-party behavioral tracking?
It’s also important to note that we do not allow third-party behavioral tracking.
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under 13, the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, the nation’s consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children’s privacy and safety online.
We do not specifically market to children under 13.
Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:
We will notify the users via email
• Within 7 business days
We will notify users via phone call
• Within 7 business days
We will notify the users via in-site notification
We also agree to the Individual Redress Principle, which requires that individuals have a right to pursue legally enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
2019 Comprehensive Privacy Policy Integrated with GDPR Standards
For our website visitors, we care deeply about privacy. We believe in transparency, and we’re committed to being upfront about our privacy practices, including how we treat your personal information. We know you care about your privacy too, so we provide settings that allow you to choose how certain information is used by Starborn. This policy explains our privacy practices for starborn.com (we’ll refer to starborn.com as the “Site”) We’ll refer to the Site and our other services as the “Services.”
1. Accepting the Privacy Policy
We need to process your personal information to run our business and provide you with the Services. By accepting our Privacy Policy, you are confirming that you have read and understand this policy including how and why we use your information. If you don’t want us to collect or process your personal information in the ways described in this policy, you shouldn’t use the Services. We are not responsible for the content or the privacy policies or practices of  third-party websites.
Starborn’s Privacy Policy require all account owners to be at least 18 years of age. Minors under 18 years of age and at least 13 years of age are permitted to use Starborn’s Services only if they have the appropriate permission and direct supervision by their legal parent or guardian. Children under age 13 are not permitted to use Starborn or the Services. You are responsible for any and all account activity conducted by a minor on your account.
Acknowledgement: By using the Services, you acknowledge that Starborn will use your information in the United States, Ireland and any other country where Starborn operates. Please be aware that the privacy laws and standards in certain countries, including the rights of authorities to access your personal information, may differ from those that apply in the country in which you reside. We will transfer personal information only to these countries to which we are permitted by law to transfer personal information, and we will take steps to ensure that your personal information continues to enjoy appropriate protections. Please read on to learn more about how we protect personal information that’s transferred outside of Europe.
2. Information Collected or Received
In the course of providing our Services, we collect or receive your personal information in a few different ways. Often, you choose what information to provide, but sometimes we require certain information for you to use and for us to provide you the Services.
Registration, Account Setup, Service Usage: In order to use the Services, you need to provide us with a valid email address, and for Services that require registration, a name associated with your account that you can choose and that represents your identity on Starborn. You may review, change, or remove that name through your account settings. You need to provide this information to enable us to provide you with the Services. Depending on which services you choose to use, additional information, such as your business name, billing and payment information (including billing contact name, address, telephone number, credit card information), a telephone number, and/or a physical postal address, may be necessary in order for us to provide a particular service. You are not required to provide us with this information to sign up, but we will need it to provide certain services. For example, we need a physical postal address if you are buying something on the Site for delivery.  We may need to store credit card information (or arrange for it to be stored) and use it for both billing and payment purposes. Depending on your local jurisdiction, you can also choose to allow us to save your credit card information to facilitate the checkout process for future purchases. In order to use certain products or services on Starborn, you may be required to complete an application; for setting up a wholesale account. In such cases, Starborn may require information such as your full name, social security number, identification ID or tax ID, date of birth, bank account information, credit card information, and/or other proof of identification in order to verify your identity and provide this service to you and to comply with applicable law. Information that you submit through the application processes will not be displayed publicly and will only be used internally by Starborn, unless otherwise specified.
Profile: You may provide your name and other personal information (such as birthday, gender, location) in connection with your account and activity. You can edit or remove this information through your account settings. The name associated with your account, which you may review and change in your account settings, is publicly displayed and connected to your Starborn activity such as when leaving comments or reviews. Other people may see the date you joined; ratings, reviews and related photos for items you purchased oat Starborn, as well as  comments you post in our community spaces; and information you decide to share via social networks.
Automated Information: Starborn automatically receives and records information from your browser or your mobile device when you visit the Site such as your IP address or unique device identifier, cookies and data about which pages you visit in order to allow us to operate and provide the Services. This information is stored in log files and is collected automatically. We may combine this information from your browser or your mobile device with other information that we collect about you, including across devices. This information is used to prevent fraud and to keep the Services secure, to analyze and understand how the Services work for members and visitors, and to provide advertising, including across your devices, and a more personalized experience for members and visitors.
We may also automatically collect device-specific information when you access, or use our Services. This information may include information such as the hardware model, operating system information, app version, app usage and debugging information, browser information, IP address, and device identifiers. For more information about these online tools and how we use them, see our “Information Uses, Sharing & Disclosure” section below.
Location Information: We may collect information about your use of the Services for advertising, analytics, to serve content and to protect the Services, including your IP address, browser information (including referrers), device information (such as iOS IDFA, IDFV for limited non-advertising purposes, Android AAID, and, when enabled by you, location information provided by your device). When you use the Service, you may choose to share your geo-location details with Starborn in order to use functions like our local marketplace, maps, and for in-person sales (although you don’t need to share these details).
We may obtain location information you provide in your profile or your IP address. With your consent, we may also determine location by using other information from your device, such as precise location information from GPS or information about wireless networks or cell towers near your mobile device. We may use and store information about your location to provide features and to improve and customize the Services, for example, for Starborn’s internal analytics and performance monitoring; localization, regional requirements, and policies for the Services; for local content, search results, and recommendations; for mapping services; and (using non-precise location information) marketing. If you have consented to share your precise device location details but would no longer like to continue sharing that information with us, you may revoke your consent to the sharing of that information through the settings on the Apps or on your mobile device. Certain non-precise location services, such as for security and localized policies based on your IP address or submitted address, are critical for the site to function. We will only share your geo-location details with third parties (like mapping and payments) in order to provide you with the Services. You may also choose to enable the Apps to access your mobile device’s camera to upload photographs to Starborn.
Information from Third Parties: Some members or visitors may choose to connect to Starborn or register an Starborn account using an external third-party application, such as Facebook, or an app developed using the Starborn API. Starborn may receive information from those connected third-party applications. Connecting your Starborn account to third-party applications or services is optional. If you choose to connect your account to a third-party application, Starborn may receive information from that application. We may also collect public information in order to connect with you. We may use that information as part of providing the Services to you. You can also choose to share some of your activity on Starborn on certain social media networks which are connected to your Starborn account, and you can revoke your permission anytime in your account settings.
Non-Member Information: Starborn may receive or obtain information (for example, an email address or IP address) about a person who is not yet a registered Starborn customer or member (a “non-member”) in connection with certain Starborn features, such as when a non-member chooses to subscribe to an Starborn newsletter, a member invites a non-member to visit the Site, a member uploads non-member information using the contact uploader feature, a non-member engages in a transaction, or a member sends a gift card code to a non-member, or a non-member uses the Guest Checkout feature when making a purchase through one of the Services. Non-member information is used only for the purposes disclosed when it was submitted to Starborn or to facilitate action authorized by the non-member.
Pattern by Starborn: We collect certain information from both members and non-members who visit our website. This information may include your IP address or unique device identifier, and cookies and data from the pages you visit.
3. Cookies & Similar Technologies Policy
We think it’s important for you to understand how cookies and other similar technologies are used by Starborn. These technologies help Starborn function, allow us to understand how you use the Services, and have a number of purposes that you can read about in this policy. In this policy, we’ll refer to cookies and similar technologies collectively as “Cookie Technologies.”
Types of Cookie Technologies
Cookies
Cookies are small data files sent from a server to your web browser. They are stored in your browser’s cache and allow a website or a third party to recognize your browser. There are three primary types of cookies:
Session cookies are specific to a particular visit and carry information as you view different pages so you don’t have to re-enter information every time you change pages or attempt to checkout. Session cookies expire and delete themselves automatically in a short period of time like after you leave the Site or when you close your web browser.
Persistent cookies remember certain information about your preferences for viewing the site, and allow Starborn to recognize you each time you return. Persistent cookies are stored on your browser cache or mobile device until you choose to delete them, and otherwise typically delete themselves at expiration.
Third-party cookies are placed by someone other than Starborn, and may gather browsing activity across multiple websites and across multiple sessions. They are usually a type of persistent cookie and are stored until you delete them or they expire based on the time period set in each third-party cookie.
Cookies store data about your use, but they are helpful because they allow us to help Starborn function and customize your experience. You can configure your desktop or mobile browser’s settings to reflect your preference to accept or reject cookies, including how to handle third-party cookies.
Other Technologies
In addition to cookies, there are other similar technologies used by Starborn and elsewhere on the web or in mobile ecosystems.
Web beacons: These are tiny graphics (sometimes called “clear GIFs” or “web pixels”) with a unique identifier that are used to understand browsing activity. In contrast to cookies, which are stored on a user’s computer hard drive, web beacons are rendered invisibly on web pages when you open a page.
Social widgets: These are buttons or icons provided by third-party social media providers that allow you to interact with those social media services when you view a web page or a mobile app screen. These social widgets may collect browsing data, which may be received by the third party that provided the widget, and are controlled by the third parties.
UTM codes: These are strings that can appear in a URL (the “Uniform Resource Locator,” which is typically the http or https address entered to go to a web page) when a user moves from one web page or website to another, where the string can represent information about browsing, such as which advertisement, page, or publisher sent the user to the receiving website.
Application SDKs: These are mobile application third-party software development kits that are embedded in the Apps (and are used in many mobile applications). These app SDKs permit the collection of information about the app itself, activity in the app, and the device the application is running on.
Local Storage Objects: These (sometimes called flash cookies) are sets of data that can be stored on your browser by a site or app. They can be used to maintain preferences, maintain a history of usage, or even maintain the state or settings of an app.
Purposes
Starborn uses Cookie Technologies to recognize your logged-in state on Starborn, to understand what purchases members and visitors are interested in, to make Starborn’s Sites function for you, and to help your browsing experience and use of the Site, Services, and Apps feel more customized. More generally, Starborn uses Cookie Technologies for the following.
Security and Authentication (Strictly Necessary)
Some cookie and similar technology functions are necessary and vital to ensuring that Starborn works properly for visitors and members, such as maintaining the security, safety, and integrity of the Site, authentication and logging into Starborn (including remembering permissions and consents you have granted), and ensuring the ability to securely complete transactions.
Account and User Preferences
Some technologies are used to remember your account and preferences over time, such as remembering your account or keeping yourself logged in when returning to Starborn, maintaining your choices on Starborn features and how you want Starborn to appear, including keeping track of your preferred language and country, and customizing content based on on how you use Starborn.
Social Networks
Some technologies help you to interact with social networks you are signed into while using the Services, such as sharing content with the social network, logging in with the social network, and other features you employ with the social network, or that are allowed in the social network’s privacy policy. These may be set and controlled by the social networks, and your preferences with those social networks. Social networks may also work with Starborn or with you for analytics or for marketing purposes, as discussed below. You may be able to manage your privacy preferences for these social networks and their tools and widgets via your account with the social network.
Performance and Analytics
Some technologies help provide performance data on how the Services are functioning in order to improve Starborn and the Services, including, for example, data on site and app functionality and speed to help us optimize Starborn, how the Services are used to help us improve your experience on Starborn, and detecting and gathering reporting on bugs to help make Starborn work better. The Site also employs Google Analytics to help understand how Starborn is used by its community. For some of the advertising features listed below, like retargeting, data from Google Analytics may be combined with Starborn’s first-party data and third-party cookies (like Google’s advertising cookies). To see how to opt-out of Google Analytics Advertising Features, see the Opt-Out section at the bottom of this policy.
You can find more information on how Google Analytics works in this Google guide.
Marketing Services
Starborn partners with third-party service providers that may use various Cookie Technologies to permit us and them to learn about what ads you see and click when you visit Starborn, the Apps, and affiliated sites or to show you ads on and off Starborn. These may include things such as:
Frequency capping, which limits the number of times a user’s browser or mobile device displays the same ad;
Attribution tracking, which estimates what advertising or marketing source brought someone to Starborn, or determines what marketing source led to actions like a visit or a purchase;
Remarketing, which shows relevant ads to an audience based on prior shopping and browsing patterns on Starborn;
Audience targeting, which refers to targeting advertisements to a large audience based on the audience’s known or inferred demographics; and
Cross-device recognition, which recognizes actions across multiple devices or browsers.
Some third-party service providers may provide information like demographics, cross-device information, or interest categories from a combination of sources that, while not identifying you personally, permit us to provide you with more relevant and useful advertising. In some cases, this information may have non-marketing performance analytics uses as well.
These technologies allow a partner to recognize your computer or mobile device each time you visit Starborn or other websites and mobile applications based on data like a cookie, your IP address, or device ID, but do not allow access to other personal information from Starborn. However, these technologies may allow us or a third party to recognize you, either from a single device or across devices, over time. These third parties are required to follow applicable laws, self-regulatory programs, and Starborn’s data protection rules where applicable. However, Starborn does not have control over these third parties, who each have their own privacy policies and privacy practices. Starborn adheres to the Digital Advertising Alliance‘s Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising.
Consent, Contract, and Legitimate Interests in Processing
Certain Cookie Technologies are employed to make the Site function for its intended purpose, and are provided based on contractual necessity based on your agreement with Starborn to perform the services you have requested. These include the functions strictly necessary to the service noted above.
By choosing to use our Services after having been notified of our use of Cookie Technologies in the ways described in this Policy, and, in applicable jurisdictions, through notice and unambiguous acknowledgement of your consent, you agree to such use.
Opt-in and Opt-out on Browsers
In addition, when you use Starborn via a browser, you can change your web browser’s settings to reflect your cookie preferences for cookies directly from the site you are on or for third-party cookies. Each browser is a little different, but usually these settings are under the “options” or “preferences” menu.
Opt-out of Third-Party Networks
If you do not wish to have this information used for the purpose of serving you interest-based advertisements, you may decline to receive interest based ads through TrustE/TrustArc’spreferences manager (or if you are located in the European Union click here). Please note this does not stop you from being served advertisements. You will continue to receive generic advertisements. Please note that if you reject or block all cookies in your browser settings, you will not be able to take advantage of Starborn’s Services as some cookies are necessary for the Site to function properly.
You can learn more about managing your preferences for ads online, particularly for many third-party advertising networks, through resources made available by the Digital Advertising Alliance at https://www.aboutads.info or the Network Advertising Initiative athttps://optout.networkadvertising.org.
Google Analytics Opt-out
For Google Analytics Advertising Features, you can opt-out through Google Ads Settings, Ad Settings for mobile apps, or any other available means (for example, the NAI’s consumer opt-out listed above). Google also provides a Google Analytics opt-out plug-in for the web.
Third-Party Tools
Various third parties provide browser plug-ins and apps that can help provide you information on, and limit or block, third-party cookies, web beacons, and some Javascript-based technologies. Starborn cannot vouch for the efficacy of a particular third-party product, but popular products that provide these privacy enhancements include Ghostery and AdBlock Plus.
Mobile Opt-out
If you access Starborn through the Apps, you may also control interest-based advertising on an iOS or Android device by selecting the “Limit Ad Tracking” option in the privacy section of the Settings App on iOS or via advertising preferences on Android-based devices (usually in the Google Settings app). This will not prevent you from seeing advertisements, but will limit the use of device advertising identifiers to personalize ads based on your interests.
4. Choice & Control
We know that members of our community value having control over their own information, so Starborn gives you the choice of providing, editing or removing certain information, as well as choices about how we contact you. You may change or update your Starborn account information through your account settings. You may also remove certain optional information that you no longer wish to be publicly visible through the Services, such as your name. You can also request the deletion of the personal information in your account.
Depending on your location, you may also have certain additional rights with respect to your information, such as: (i) data access and portability (including the right to obtain a copy of your personal data you provided to Starborn, via your settings); (ii) data correction (including the ability to update your personal data, in many cases via settings); (iii) data deletion (including the right to have Starborn delete your personal information, except information we are required to retain, by contacting us); and (iv) withdrawal of consent or objection to processing (including, in limited circumstances, the right to ask Starborn to stop processing your personal data, with some exceptions, by contacting us).
You may also control the receipt of certain types of communications from Starborn in your account settings. Starborn may send you messages about the Services or your activity. Some of these messages are required, service-related messages for members (such as transactional messages or legal notices). Other messages are not required, such as newsletters. You can control which optional messages you choose to receive by changing your account settings, and you can learn more in the “Messages from Starborn” section of this policy.
We partner with third parties to manage our advertising on other sites. Our third-party partners may use cookies or similar technologies in order to provide you with advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests. If you have chosen to connect your account to an external third-party application, such as Facebook, or an app developed using the API, you can change your settings and remove permission for the app by changing your account settings.
If you no longer wish to use the Services or receive service-related messages (except for legally required notices), then you may email us a request to close your account.
5. Messages from Starborn
On occasion, Starborn may need to contact you. Primarily, these messages are delivered by email or by push notifications, and every account is required to keep a valid email address on file to receive messages. Starborn may also contact you by telephone to provide member support or for transaction-related purposes if you request that we call you. Additionally, and with your consent, Starborn may send you an SMS (or similar) message or physical mail in order to provide you with customer support or to provide you with information about products and features that you may find of interest. You may update your contact preferences in your account settings.
Some messages from Starborn are service-related and necessary for members and Guest Checkout users. You agree that Starborn can send you non-marketing emails or messages, such as those related to transactions, your account, security, or product changes. Examples of service-related messages include an email address confirmation/welcome email when you register your account, notification of an order, service availability, modification of key features or functions, relaying conversations with buyers, and correspondence with Starborn’s support team.
When you register for an account, subscribe to a newsletter, or provide us with your email address or phone number such as for a Guest Checkout purchase, you receive notice of and agree (in some jurisdictions and situations, by an additional unambiguous consent) to receive marketing emails and messages from us. You can unsubscribe at any time from marketing emails through the opt-out link included in marketing emails or messages. Members may also control some marketing emails or messages through their account settings as well as through the opt-out link included in marketing emails or messages.
6. Information Uses, Sharing & Disclosure
When you access or use the Services, we collect, use, share, and otherwise process your personal information as described in this policy. We rely on a number of legal bases to use your information in these ways. These legal bases include where:
•necessary to perform the contractual obligations in our Terms of Use and in order to provide the Services to you;
•you have consented to the processing, which you can revoke at any time;
•necessary to comply with a legal obligation, a court order, or to exercise or defend legal claims;
•necessary for the purposes of our or a third party’s legitimate interests, such as those of visitors, members, or partners;
•you have expressly made the information public;
•necessary in the public interest; and
•occasionally necessary to protect your vital interests, or those of others.
Note that we principally rely on consent (i) to send marketing messages, (ii) for third-party data sharing related to advertising, and, to the extent applicable, (iii) for the use of location data for advertising purposes.
Where we process your information on the basis of legitimate interests, we do so as follows:
Providing and improving our Services: We may use your information to improve and customize our Services, and we do so as it is necessary to pursue our legitimate interests of improving our Services for our users. This is also necessary to enable us to pursue our legitimate interests in understanding how our Services are being used, and to explore and unlock ways to develop and grow our business. It is also necessary to allow us to pursue our legitimate interests in improving our Services, efficiency, interest in Services for users and obtaining insights into usage patterns of our Services.
Keeping our Services safe and secure: We may also use your information for safety and security purposes, including sharing of your information for such purposes, and we do so because it is necessary to pursue our legitimate interests in ensuring the security of our Services, including enhancing protection of our community against spam, harassment, intellectual property infringement, crime, and security risks of all kind.
Respect for Your Privacy. Starborn will not disclose your name, email address or other personal information to third parties without your consent, except as specified in this policy. We use your information to provide and improve the Services and our products, for billing and payments, for identification and authentication, and for general research and aggregate reporting. For example, in accordance with our existing case resolution process, we may use information you provide to resolve disputes with Starborn.
Legal and Safety: Starborn may also retain, preserve, or release your personal information to a third party in the following limited circumstances: in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet legitimate national security or law enforcement requirements; to protect, establish, or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims, including to collect a debt; to comply with a subpoena, court order, legal process, or other legal requirement; or when we believe in good faith that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with the law, prevent imminent physical harm or financial loss, or investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, threats to our property, or other violations. In these cases, our use of your information may be necessary for the purposes of our or a third party’s legitimate interest in keeping our Services secure, preventing harm or crime, enforcing or defending legal rights, or preventing damage. Such use may also be necessary to comply with a legal obligation, a court order, or to exercise or defend legal claims. It may also be necessary in the public interest (such as to prevent crime) or to protect vital interests (in rare cases where we may need to share information to prevent loss of life or personal injury).
If Starborn receives a lawful, verified request for a member’s records or information in one of the limited circumstances described in the previous paragraph, Starborn may disclose personal information, which may include, but may not be limited to, a member’s name, address, phone number, email address, and company name.
Aggregated Information: Starborn may share demographic information with business partners, but it will be aggregated and de-personalized, so that personal information is not revealed.
Service Providers: Starborn also needs to engage third-party companies and individuals (such as payment processors, research companies, hosting providers, and analytics and security providers) to help us operate, provide, and market the Services. These third parties have only limited access to your information, may use your information only to perform these tasks on our behalf, and are obligated to Starborn not to disclose or use your information for any other purposes. Our engagement of service providers is often necessary for us to provide the Services to you, particularly where such companies play important roles like processing payments and shipments and helping us keep our Service operating and secure.
Business Reorganization: In some cases, Starborn may choose to buy or sell assets. Such transactions may be necessary and in our legitimate interests, particularly our interest in making decisions that enable our business to develop over the long term. In these types of transactions (such as a sale, merger, liquidation, receivership, or transfer of all or substantially all of Starborn’s assets), member information is typically one of the business assets that is transferred. If Starborn intends to transfer information about you, Starborn will notify you by email or by putting a prominent notice on the Site and the App, and you will be afforded an opportunity to opt out before information about you becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Third Parties: Third-party plug-ins also may collect information about your use of the Site. For example, when you load a page on Starborn that has a social plug-in from a third-party site or service, such as a “Like” or “Send” button, you are also loading content from that third-party site. That site may request cookies directly from your browser. These interactions are subject to the privacy policy of the third-party site. In addition, certain cookies and other similar technologies on the Site are used by third parties for targeted online marketing and other purposes. These technologies allow a partner to recognize your computer or mobile device each time you use the Services. Please be aware that when you use third-party sites or services, their own terms and privacy policies will govern your use of those sites or services. Starborn chooses and manages these third-party technologies placed on its Sites and Apps. However, these are third-party technologies, and they are subject to that third party’s privacy policy.
We can speak only for ourselves; this policy does not apply to the practices of third parties that Starborn does not own or control or individuals that Starborn does not employ or manage. If you provide your information to others, different practices may apply to the use or disclosure of the information that you provide to them. Starborn does not control the privacy policies of third parties, including other members who sell using the Services. Starborn is not responsible for the privacy or security practices of these sellers or other websites on the Internet, even those linked to or from the Services. We encourage you to read the privacy policies and ask questions of third parties before you disclose your personal information to them. For the purposes of European law, these third parties are independent controllers of data, which means that they are responsible for providing and complying with their own policies relating to any personal information they obtain in connection with the Services.
8. Privacy Shield
Starborn, Inc. does not participate in Privacy Shield at this time. However, Starborn may rely on the EU-US Privacy Shield to transfer personal information to some of our third party service providers in the United States, where they are certified to receive such information under the Privacy Shield Program.
9. Performance of the contract between Starborn and its members
Starborn provides a voluntary service; you can choose whether or not you want to use the Services. However, if you visit our Site or use the Services, you have agreed to our Privacy Policy by doing so, which initiates this contract between Starborn and its visitors and users. As we offer the Services in countries worldwide (including in the US) and use technical infrastructure in the US to deliver the Services to you.
10. Security
The security of your personal information is important to us. We follow generally accepted standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and after it is received. Your account information is protected by a password. It is important that you protect against unauthorized access to your account and information by choosing your password carefully and by keeping your password and computer secure, such as by signing out after using the Services. If you have any questions about the security of your personal information, you can contact us at info@starborn.com.
Starborn encrypts all data transferred to and from our Site. All information (such as credit card numbers) are transferred using secure socket layer technology (SSL). Starborn follows generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and after it is received. Unfortunately, no method of transmission over the internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. Therefore, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
11. Retention
Starborn will retain your information only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this policy, for as long as your account is active (i.e., for the lifetime of your Starborn member account), as described in this policy, or as needed to provide the Services to you. If you no longer want Starborn to use your information to provide the Services to you, you may close your account. Starborn will retain and use your information to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your information to comply with applicable tax/revenue laws), resolve disputes, enforce our agreements, and as otherwise described in this policy. In addition, Starborn sellers may also be required to retain and use your information in order to comply with their legal obligations. Please note that closing your account may not free up your email address or username for reuse on a new account. We also retain log files for internal analysis purposes. These log files are generally retained for a brief period of time, except in cases where they are used for site safety and security, to improve site functionality, or we are legally obligated to retain them for longer time periods.
12. Your Rights
You may benefit from a number of rights in relation to your information that we process. Some rights apply only in certain limited cases, depending on your location. If you would like to manage, change, limit, or delete your personal information, you can do so via your Starborn account settings or by contacting us. Upon request, Starborn will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your personal information.  By visiting your account settings, you can access, correct, change, and delete certain personal information associated with your account. In certain cases where we process your information, you may also have a right to restrict or limit the ways in which we use your personal information. In certain circumstances, you also have the right to request the deletion of your personal information, and to obtain a copy of your personal information in an easily accessible format. Please ensure you’ve read the options you have under the “Choice & Control” section above. If you need further assistance, you can contact Starborn through one of the channels listed below under “Contact.” We will respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe.
If we process your information based on our legitimate interests as explained above, or in the public interest, you can object to this processing in certain circumstances. In such cases, we will cease processing your information unless we have compelling legitimate grounds to continue processing or where it is needed for legal reasons. Where we use your data for direct marketing purposes, you can always object using the unsubscribe link in such communications or changing your account settings.
13. Withdrawing Consent
Where you have provided your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent to our processing of your information and your use of the Services. For example, you can withdraw your consent to email marketing by using the unsubscribe link in such communications or by changing your account settings. You can choose to withdraw your consent to our processing of your information and your use of the Services at any time by closing your account through your account settings and then emailing info@starborn.com to request that your personal information be deleted, except for information that we are required to retain. This deletion is permanent and your account cannot be reinstated.
14. Privacy Policy Changes
We may amend or update this policy from time to time. If we believe that the changes are material, we’ll let you know by doing one (or more) of the following: (i) posting the changes on or through the Services, (ii) sending you an email or message about the changes, or (iii) posting an update in the version notes on the Apps’ platform. We encourage you to check back regularly and review any updates.
15. Contact
If you have any questions:
Contact Starborn’s Support team here…
Send an email to Starborn’s account manager at info@starborn.com
YOUR CONTACT INFO HERE
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, you may contact our US-based third-party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request.
Without prejudice to any other rights you may have, if you are located outside of North America or South America, you also have the right to file a complaint against Starborn with the Irish Data Protection Commissioner (“DPC”), which is Starborn’s Lead Supervisory Authority. The DPC’s contact details are:
Office of the Data Protection CommissionerCanal House, Station RoadPortarlington, Co. Laois, R32 AP23, IrelandPhone: +353 (0761) 104 800LoCall: 1890 25 22 31Fax: +353 57 868 4757Email: info@dataprotection.ie
If you live in the EEA, you may also file a complaint with your local data protection regulator.
Last updated on May 23, 2018
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us.
Signup Now!If you have not already done so, please join our mailing list to get early access to the latest Starborn products, sales and special offers.
Sign up today to get FREE US SHIPPING on your first order!
SUBSCRIBE!
You have Successfully Subscribed!
We will only send you occasional invitations and meaningful offers. We will never spam you or share your address with anyone, EVER!
Cart
Item Removed.
Undo
Have a coupon ?
If you have a coupon code, please apply it below.
Apply coupon
No products in the cart.
Other items you might like...
Ammolite Pear Cabochon 34mm – 1 piece
RETAIL $80.00YOUR PRICE $80.00
Add to cart
Ammolite Round Cabochon 12mm – 1 piece
RETAIL $30.00YOUR PRICE $30.00
Add to cart
Starborn Creations Sterling Silver Square Nacozari Turquoise Cuff Links
RETAIL $148.00YOUR PRICE $148.00
Add to cart
Cuff Links
RETAIL $0.00YOUR PRICE $0.00
Add to cart
Starborn Sterling Silver rough Aquamarine Pendant
RETAIL $69.00YOUR PRICE $69.00
Add to cart
Starborn Libyan Desert Tektite Pendant in Sterling Silver
RETAIL $118.00YOUR PRICE $118.00
Add to cart
Subtotal
$0.00
Tax
$0.00
Total
$0.00
Proceed to Shipping and Check
Out »
Checkout
-
$0.00
0
1