https://steenbergs.co.uk/terms-and-conditions/conditions-of-sale
Menu
Close
New
Steenbergs Gift Cards
Herbs & Spices
Herbs & Spices
Back
Organic Herbs Dried
Spices, most of these are organic
Fairtrade Spices
Flowers , Petals And Blossom - Edible
Ginger Organic
Pepper, many organic and some unusual
Salt And Salt Seasonings
Specialist Spices Including Chillies
Organic Vanilla
Organic Baby Bulk for Spices , Herbs and Blends
Steenbergs Premium Spice Range
Spice Accessories
Saffron
Classic Seasonings
American Inspired Organic Spice Blends
Organic Arabic Spice Blends
Asian Spice Blends
Organic Baking Spice And Flavoured Sugar Blends
BBQ Seasonings And Rubs
Organic Curry Mixes
Fish and Shellfish Seasonings
Organic Mediterranean Spice Blends
Organic Pepper And Salt Blends
Organic Bouillons And Gravy Mixes
Organic or Gluten Free Stuffings Steenbergs
View all
Organic Ground Turmeric Large Jar - 130g Steenbergs
Organic Korma Masala Curry Mix standard jar 50g Steenbergs
Salts
Salts
Back
Direct Trade Salt and Pepper
Organic salt blends
Colourful Salts (naturally coloured)
Finishing salts
Fleur de Sel
Other Salt blends
View all
Kala Namak (Indian) Black Salt 100g Steenbergs
Fleur De Sel Sun Dried Sea Salt Large Jar 180g
Steenbergs
Tea and Coffee
Tea and Coffee
Back
Ecoffee Bamboo cups for drinking on the go
Black Tea Loose Leaf and Bagged
Green and White Tea Loose Leaf and Bagged
Herbal Tea And Herbal Tea Mixes
Organic Chai Teas Loose Leaf and bagged
Earl Grey Tea
Oolong Loose Leaf Tea
Floral Teas
Chinese Flowering Teas
Organic Pyramid Teabags
Tea Bricks
Bulk Loose Leaf Tea
Teapots / Filters /
Infusers and Tea Balls
Tea Glasses, mugs, Matcha Bowls and Glass Tea pots
Coffee - Filter and Instant Fairtrade and ethical
Swell Drinks
Tea Tins
View all
Puerh tea brick (Boxed) Steenbergs
Organic Christmas Tisane 100g Loose Leaf Steenbergs
Home baking
Home baking
Back
Extracts And Flavours - most organic
Organic Baking Spice Mixes And Flavoured Sugars
Baking Ingredients
Flour , yeasts and starters - many organic
Sugar and Syrups organic , fairtrade or natural
If You Care Range Of Eco Friendly Baking Products
View all
Organic Granulated Cane Sugar Billingtons 500g
Silver Spoon Caster Sugar 1 kilo
Swell
Swell
Back
Swell
Lattes and Drinks
Swell Organic Superfoods
Swell Spice Mixes
View all
Swell Digestivo Spice Blend 150g
Swell Organic Golden Turmeric Drink Mix 250g
Bulk
Bulk
Back
Herbs, Spices & Blends
Bulk Loose Leaf Teas
View all
Organic Italian Herbs Refill Baby Bulk 250g
Steenbergs
Organic Earl Grey Leaf Tea 500g, Steenbergs
Old Hamlet Wine & Spice
Old Hamlet Wine & Spice
Back
Mulling Spices in Cloth Bags
Cocktail Accessories
Whisky Toddy Spice Mix
Pillow Packs - Muslin Sachets
Botanicals For Cocktails
Cocktail Sugar and Spice Mixers
Old Hamlet Envelopes of Sugar and Spice Mixes
Home Brew Drink Kits
Non Alcoholic Drink Mixers
Old Hamlet Spice Gift Boxes
Christmas Crafts - Pomander making kit
View all
Fairtrade Whisky Toddy Spices In Gift Box With Bodum Glass - Old Hamlet
Elderflower Wine Kit in Calico Bag, Old Hamlet
Fairtrade
Fairtrade
Back
Steenbergs Fairtrade spices
Steenbergs Fairtrade Organic Tea
Steenbergs Fairtrade Home Bakery Range
Fairtrade Food And Drinks
Fairtrade Household products
View all
Fairtrade Demerara Sugar 500g Billingtons
Organic Fairtrade pomegranates dried 100g - Pearls of
Samarkand
Gifts
Gifts
Back
Steenbergs Food and Spice Gift Bags
Vouchers
Steenbergs Hampers
Spice Gifts
Steenbergs Loose Leaf Tea Gifts
Stackers - Organic Sugars and Spices
View all
Steenbergs A Taste of Christmas, Organic Christmas Food Gift Bag
Steenbergs Christmas Drinks Gift Bag
Groceries
Groceries
Back
Antipasta
Organic Beans , Seeds , Grains , Rice And Pulses
Coconut
Chocolate, Chocolate Spread and Cacao
Chutneys , Tahinis, Mustards, Nut Butters, savoury
Organic Dried Fruit and Tinned Fruit
Gluten And / Or Dairy Free Ingredients
Raw Honey and organic syrups
Dried Mushrooms
Nuts and Seeds, Mostly Organic
Organic Pasta and Noodles
Storecupboard Ingredients And Food
Organic Tomatoes - Tinned / Pureed Or Dried
Vinegar and Oils
Smoothie and juice ingredients
View all
Seggiano Organic Rosé Balsamic Vinegar 250ml
Organic Mushroom Powder 20g Standard Jar Steenbergs
Home & Garden
Home & Garden
Back
Reusable plastic free food wrap
Towels, Bath Robes + Slippers Organic Cotton
Natural Soap and Bubble Bath
Organic Cotton Wool. Biodegradable bamboo tampons and pads, cotton tissues
Bakeware
Toothpaste and Toothbrushes Eco Friendly
Deodorants - Paraben Free
Scrub a dub dub
Kitchenalia
Salt and Pepper Mills
Spiceware
Teaware
Wooden Boards
Spoons - wood and stainless steel
Eco Products for Home and Garden
Eco Household Cleaning Products
Incense Sticks and
incense Burners
Playing Cards - Illustrated
Natural Shampoos and Shampoo bars
View all
Maroma Frankincense Incense Sticks x 10, Fairly Traded
Maroma Frankincense + Myrrh Incense Sticks 10 - Fairly Traded
E-Recipe books
E-Recipe books
Back
Recipe E-books and spice collections
View all
Festive
Recipes E-Book with Devilled Egg
Niki Bakes around Asia Recipe E-Book
Seasonal
Seasonal
Back
Christmas baking ingredients
Christmas food gift ideas
Christmas drinks - organic
Stocking fillers
View all
Festive
Recipes E-Book with Devilled Egg
Organic Christmas Tisane 100g Loose Leaf Steenbergs
Special Offers
Blog
Recipes
Home
Terms and Conditions
Conditions of Sale
Conditions of Sale
Conditions of sale
Postage and packing
UK orders under the £29.99 limit is £4.50 (£3.75 +VAT),
UK orders above £29.99 postage and packing is FREE.
The exception for UK orders are priority orders where postage and packing is £14.50 regardless of the amount of the order.
THESE CONDITIONS OF SALE MUST BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE USER'S AGREEMENT WHICH CONTAINS THE LEGAL DETAILS REGARDING MAKING PURCHASES FROM STEENBERGS.
OUR PRODUCTS
Steenbergs is a manufacturer and retailer of organic Fairtrade teas, spices and herbs under the Steenbergs brand, as well as a retailer through its website of a number of other organic, Fairtrade, ethical and environmentally friendly products from other producers. Steenbergs-branded products are sold for culinary purposes only. As food products, they should be stored safely in a cool, dark, dry place with lids on. You must use good hygiene and safe food preparation practices when using our products, taking advice from our "best before" dates as shown on the label. For more details on food hygiene and safety, please go to eat well.
Steenbergs does not retail its products as medical or health products. Should you intend using them for health purposes, you must seek and take advice from qualified medical professionals. It is totally at your risk if you intend to use our products for these health purposes and we accept no liability for the use of Steenbergs' products in any other way than as food ingredients.
PRICING AND AVAILABILITY
We offer you consistently low prices on our entire product list. We believe our prices are fair and reasonable, reflecting the hard work and creativity that goes into the creation of our products, sourcing high quality ingredients and packaging and the production and distribution of our goods. We also pay fair prices for purchases of our raw ingredients, materials and services, aiming always to share economic benefits equitably through the whole supply chain. As a result, we do not offer discounts on our products, but do provide limited offers to loyal customers on our subscriber list.
"Our Price", as displayed, is in pounds sterling and inclusive of UK VAT at the appropriate rate - most of our items are regarded as foods for UK VAT purposes and so are zero rated for UK VAT. Orders from other EU countries are accepted on orders paid in advance, subject to being on our shipping list; whether a country is included on our shipping list, or not, is a matter of commerciality for Steenbergs and is completely at our discretion. Terms for non-UK deliveries are the same as for UK orders except that carriage is more, with the exact delivery cost dependent on your location (i.e. not £4.50 which only relates to UK delivered orders).
Postage outside of the EU will be charged at cost and we will let you know the exact amount prior to asking for the balance. Delivery of Steenbergs' products into the USA and Canada is not currently available. This is because the costs of transport into the USA and Canada, together with the legal implications of trading in the North American region, are not commercial.
When we charge your card and payment security
We take the security of our customers' payment information very seriously - we use the Stripe online payment system to guarantee this security. Stripe is an online payment system that utilises its Streamline credit and debit card clearing system. Stripe encrypts stored transaction information, ensuring that it's not tampered with. Stripe takes responsibility for capturing and storing card details on its secure servers - it always ensures that this information is managed with the very high levels of security you would expect from a major financial services company. No-one at Steenbergs sees, or can access, your card details.
Payment for goods is required in advance to enable Steenbergs to review orders for potential fraudulent activity through manually checking the credit process via Stripe, which does now incorporate a short timing delay before Steenbergs will start processing an order. Steenbergs only charges your credit or debit card at the time of ordering. Should you wish to have your credit or debit card processed at dispatch, you will need to phone in your order and provide us with your card details, which is theoretically less secure than processing via the secure Stripe site, where Steenbergs are not provided with your account details.
Steenbergs accepts most major credit and debit cards from major financial institutions, but it does not accept payment by American Express.
If you have paid by cheque and we owe you a full or partial refund, we will send a refund cheque for the correct amount.
What we do about mispricings
Steenbergs' products are agricultural commodities and as a result their underlying prices vary all the time. While we only change our prices annually, we reserve the right to change the prices of products at any time without notice.
Despite our best efforts, a small number of the many products on our web site may, therefore, be mispriced. Rest assured, however, that we verify prices as part of our dispatch procedures.
If an item's correct price is lower than our stated price, we charge the lower amount and send you the item. If a product's correct price is higher than our stated price by more than 10%, we will cancel your order and notify you of that cancellation, otherwise we will charge the stated price and send you the item.
Availability guide
We endeavour to hold sufficient stock of all our lines to fulfil our expected medium-term order book. However, some of our organic specialist blends and more unusual organic spices and herbs may not be held as packed stock; therefore, these may need to be packed specially for your order. This guarantees a high quality and fresh product, but may require a few days for our production team to blend and pack your goods.
We aim for orders to be blended, packed, picked and prepared for dispatch within 5 working days, but it may take up to 21 working days - Steenbergs does not work on Saturdays or Sundays or Public Holidays. When we run short of an item because of the harvests & seasons or supplier stock issues or you are placing a large order, we will inform you by e-mail if any items in your order turn out to be unavailable. We will provide you with the estimated time it will take us to receive the out of stock item from the supplier, blend it, pack it and prepare it for dispatch. If we expect to be out of stock for 2 weeks or more, we will give you the option of cancelling your order or backorder, refunding any payments promptly or crediting your next order.
How will it be delivered?
Small parcels (items under 1 kilos) destined for a UK address will normally be dispatched by the most cost-efficient untracked method using the Royal Mail unless the Priority Delivery option has been selected, where delivery will be via a suitable parcel carrier business (however see later). Items between 0 - 1.5 kilos, but if the value is more than £30.00 it is likely a signed for/courier service will be use, will be delivered in the UK by Royal Mail 1st class service and parcels over 1.5 kilos in weight may be delivered by a suitable parcel carrier if this is more cost-effective. The Royal Mail 1st class service is a 2 - 3 working day service. Steenbergs reserves the right to use whichever is the most cost-effective delivery service in its opinion.
Please note these delivery times are in addition to the picking time and we aim to have goods to you within 7 working days of ordering, incorporating the 2 day anti-fraud delay.
It is recommended that delivery instructions be given if you are unlikely to be able to take delivery yourself. In particular, for deliveries during the week you should consider whether an order can be sent to your work address or whether there is somewhere secure for the delivery to be left (you are responsible for the security of any delivery instructions provided). Should you require a change of delivery address after the parcel has been dispatched, this will incur an additional charge which must be borne by you.
For any deliveries outside of the UK, parcels will normally be dispatched via the mail system but may be delivered by a suitable parcel carrier if this is more cost-effective.
How long will it take to arrive?
For deliveries outside of the UK, please email or ring for estimated delivery time.
To find out when you will receive an item within the UK, you need to consider the availability of the item you ordered and add it to our standard dispatch time. If an item is available as packed stock, it will normally take 48 hours for those items to be picked and prepared for dispatch. Standard delivery will be a further 5 working days from dispatch, i.e. total time from order to arrival at destination is normally 7 working days.
We use external carriers for deliveries but (while we accept that their service can impact your impression of our service) we cannot always influence the way they work, however much we all wish we could; in particular, smaller packets are sent via the Royal Mail and these packets cannot be tracked, because this is not a service offered by the Royal Mail.
From early November to Christmas Day orders may take 10 working days from your order until it has been prepared for dispatch (ie it could take 15 days or more to reach its UK destination from placing an order), unless the priority supplement has been selected. The last day for Christmas orders in the UK is 14 December (or nearest Friday if 14 December falls on a weekend) in any year. No priority orders will be taken after this cut-off date.
If there are specific events or timing by which products are required, please email or phone us or use the special instructions box and we will do our best to help - to ensure that we meet these timing requirements you should select priority supplement which is there for quick picking and packing. If you need these specific timing requirements to be met, we will charge the timed delivery costs to you in full, including (but not limited to) Saturday courier charges.
If you have selected Priority Delivery, you should order via the Internet, email us or fax or phone us before 12 noon Monday to Thursday and we can dispatch your parcel for next-day delivery. Orders placed after 12 noon on Thursday will be delivered the following Monday. Please do not embarrass us by asking on Friday for a Next Day/ Saturday delivery as our experience is that (even with the best will in the world) both your - and our - expectations are rarely met since the only delivery option is First Class Post unless you opt for a timed delivery (as above). No new Priority Orders will be taken after the Christmas cut-off date of 14 December until 2 January in the following year.
NB: Delivery times to BFPO addresses are dependent on British Forces Post Office schedules.
NBB: All the above delivery times relate to deliveries in the UK (excluding Highlands and Islands, Northern Ireland and the Channel Islands). For these excluded destinations please add at least one extra day.
How much will it cost?
Our standard UK delivery service is free for orders over £29.99. Below £29.99, there is a £4.50 handling charge for UK deliveries, which includes VAT at 20%. For other EU orders (if on Steenbergs' shipping list which may vary from time to time), the delivery is more depending on which country it is and also includes UK VAT at 20%. For any orders outside of EU that we chose at our discretion to accept, these are at cost; we do not deliver into the USA or Canada. The Handling Charge covers the costs of picking, packing and other processing costs for small orders (including credit checks and fraudulent activity) where these costs are not covered by the value of the order.
You should allow 7 working days for the standard delivery service. We offer a Next Day delivery service for an additional fee of £10.00 (inclusive of VAT), i.e. you will still pay the additional charge for Next Day service even when your order is over £29.99. Your order should be with you by 5.00 p.m. on the next day.
GIFT WRAPPING
We offer gift wrapping on our boxes. This is now in recycled double sided red/blue paper from Germany with an Ecofil coloured string, which is made by an Austrian company that uses natural paper and colours to make their twine. If you require gift wrapping, please ensure that (a) you select the gift wrapping option on the web site and (b) you include a "Gift Message" by typing the details in the "Special Instructions" section of the web site or by emailing us with details.
EXPORT/IMPORT INFORMATION
At present, we do not export our products outside of the European Union and (for commercial reasons) we only dispatch into a limited number of EU countries. You are always welcome to contact us and ask whether we would consider sending to countries that are not on our current shipping list, but please note that polite requests are the most likely to meet a favourable response. Please do not embarrass us by completing an order for dispatch to the USA as we will have to refund your money and explain that we cannot fulfil your order - there is no delivery option for the USA for this reason and it is not an oversight.
When ordering goods from Steenbergs for delivery overseas, you may be subject to import duties and taxes which are levied once the package reaches your country. Generally, customs forms for international packages will list the value of the contents of your order by product type.
Any additional charges for customs clearance must be borne by you; we have no control over these charges and cannot predict what they may be. Customs policies vary widely from country to country, so you should contact your local customs office for further information.
Additionally, please note that when ordering from Steenbergs, you are considered the importer of record and must comply with all laws and regulations of the country in which you are receiving the goods. In particular, certain countries may require additional procedures and certification with regard to organic status prior to import. At present, Steenbergs is certified under EC 834/2007 and EC889/2008 by the Organic Food Federation (GB-ORG-04) for processing and sales of organic products in the UK and hence the European Union; we are not currently compliant for the United States, Japan, Australia or any other country that does not recognise EC organic certification rules.
Your privacy is, also, very important to us and we know that you care about how information about your order is used and shared. We would like our international customers and customers dispatching products internationally to be aware that cross-border deliveries are subject to opening and inspection by customs authorities. We may provide certain order, delivery and product information to our international carriers and such information may be communicated by the carriers to customs authorities in order to facilitate customs clearance and comply with local laws. If the order is a gift or a sample, the package is marked "Gift" or "Sample" but the cost of the item is still stated on the customs form. Customs authorities require us to state the value of the gift or sample item directly on the package.
OUR RETURNS POLICY
No quibbles returns
At Steenbergs, we want you to be delighted every time you buy from us. Occasionally though, we know you may want to return items. That's why under our "no quibbles" guarantee if, for any reason you are unhappy with your purchase, you can return it to us in its original condition with the invoice within 30 days of the date you received the item. Original condition means unopened with all tamper-evident seals intact. We will then - and only then - issue a full refund for the price you paid for the item. This returns policy does not affect your statutory rights.
Your statutory rights - cooling off period
We would advise you to check your order when it is received and report any issues within 3 days of delivery. By law, you also have the right to withdraw from your purchase of an item within 7 working days of the day after the date the item is delivered to you.
We regret that we also cannot accept cancellations of contracts for the purchase of herbs, spices, blends and accessories where the item has been unsealed, except where there has obviously been infestation, mould or other quality problem that occurred within 7 working days of the day after the date the item was delivered to you.
To cancel your purchase under this cooling-off period, please provide a brief written explanation giving the reason for the return. Please package the relevant item securely and send it to us with the delivery note or original invoice so that we receive it within 7 working days of the day after the date that the item was delivered to you.
Returns address
The returns address is:
Steenbergs Limited, 6 Hallikeld Close, Barker Business Park, Melmerby, Ripon, HG4 5GZ, United Kingdom
Tel: +44 01765 640 088; Fax: 01765 640 101; E-mail: enquiries@steenbergs.co.uk
Steenbergs offers a FREEPOST returns service. Should you require this facility, we will email you the details. For your protection, we recommend that you get a certificate of posting from the Post Office - they're free.
Please note that you will be responsible for the costs of returning the goods to us unless we delivered the item to you in error, or if the item is faulty, or if you fail to utilise the FREEPOST returns service that we offer customers. As soon as we receive notice of your cancellation of this order, we will refund the relevant part of the purchase price for that item together with the item's normal postage charge - we cannot refund any priority, express or courier component of the postage charge.
REGISTERED OFFICE
If you wish to contact the company, please contact us at our registered office which is at the address below:
Steenbergs Limited, 6 Hallikeld Close, Barker Business Park, Melmerby, Ripon, HG4 5GZ, United Kingdom
Tel: 01765 640088; Fax: 01765 640101; E-mail: enquiries@steenbergs.co.uk
Registered in England with company number 4316848.
Terms and Conditions
Conditions of Sale
Users' Agreement
Privacy Statement
Data Protection
Cookie Usage
You may also enjoy
Free shipping
With orders over £30
Dishes to inspire you
Recipes perfect for you and your family
Spices for cocktails and mulled drinks
Simple and delicious mixes for mulled drinks and cocktails
Teas
Enjoy a classic cuppa or herbal teas
Item added to basket
[[PRODUCT_NAME]]
[[QUANTITY_STRING]]
[[TOTAL_PRICE]]
Continue shopping
View basket