https://steenbergs.co.uk/terms-and-conditions/privacy-statement
Menu
Close
New
Steenbergs Gift Cards
Herbs & Spices
Herbs & Spices
Back
Organic Herbs Dried
Spices, most of these are organic
Fairtrade Spices
Flowers , Petals And Blossom - Edible
Ginger Organic
Pepper, many organic and some unusual
Salt And Salt Seasonings
Specialist Spices Including Chillies
Organic Vanilla
Organic Baby Bulk for Spices , Herbs and Blends
Steenbergs Premium Spice Range
Spice Accessories
Saffron
Classic Seasonings
American Inspired Organic Spice Blends
Organic Arabic Spice Blends
Asian Spice Blends
Organic Baking Spice And Flavoured Sugar Blends
BBQ Seasonings And Rubs
Organic Curry Mixes
Fish and Shellfish Seasonings
Organic Mediterranean Spice Blends
Organic Pepper And Salt Blends
Organic Bouillons And Gravy Mixes
Organic or Gluten Free Stuffings Steenbergs
View all
Organic Ground Turmeric Large Jar - 130g Steenbergs
Organic Korma Masala Curry Mix standard jar 50g Steenbergs
Salts
Salts
Back
Direct Trade Salt and Pepper
Organic salt blends
Colourful Salts (naturally coloured)
Finishing salts
Fleur de Sel
Other Salt blends
View all
Kala Namak (Indian) Black Salt 100g Steenbergs
Fleur De Sel Sun Dried Sea Salt Large Jar 180g
Steenbergs
Tea and Coffee
Tea and Coffee
Back
Ecoffee Bamboo cups for drinking on the go
Black Tea Loose Leaf and Bagged
Green and White Tea Loose Leaf and Bagged
Herbal Tea And Herbal Tea Mixes
Organic Chai Teas Loose Leaf and bagged
Earl Grey Tea
Oolong Loose Leaf Tea
Floral Teas
Chinese Flowering Teas
Organic Pyramid Teabags
Tea Bricks
Bulk Loose Leaf Tea
Teapots / Filters /
Infusers and Tea Balls
Tea Glasses, mugs, Matcha Bowls and Glass Tea pots
Coffee - Filter and Instant Fairtrade and ethical
Swell Drinks
Tea Tins
View all
Puerh tea brick (Boxed) Steenbergs
Organic Christmas Tisane 100g Loose Leaf Steenbergs
Home baking
Home baking
Back
Extracts And Flavours - most organic
Organic Baking Spice Mixes And Flavoured Sugars
Baking Ingredients
Flour , yeasts and starters - many organic
Sugar and Syrups organic , fairtrade or natural
If You Care Range Of Eco Friendly Baking Products
View all
Organic Granulated Cane Sugar Billingtons 500g
Silver Spoon Caster Sugar 1 kilo
Swell
Swell
Back
Swell
Lattes and Drinks
Swell Organic Superfoods
Swell Spice Mixes
View all
Swell Digestivo Spice Blend 150g
Swell Organic Golden Turmeric Drink Mix 250g
Bulk
Bulk
Back
Herbs, Spices & Blends
Bulk Loose Leaf Teas
View all
Organic Italian Herbs Refill Baby Bulk 250g
Steenbergs
Organic Earl Grey Leaf Tea 500g, Steenbergs
Old Hamlet Wine & Spice
Old Hamlet Wine & Spice
Back
Mulling Spices in Cloth Bags
Cocktail Accessories
Whisky Toddy Spice Mix
Pillow Packs - Muslin Sachets
Botanicals For Cocktails
Cocktail Sugar and Spice Mixers
Old Hamlet Envelopes of Sugar and Spice Mixes
Home Brew Drink Kits
Non Alcoholic Drink Mixers
Old Hamlet Spice Gift Boxes
Christmas Crafts - Pomander making kit
View all
Fairtrade Whisky Toddy Spices In Gift Box With Bodum Glass - Old Hamlet
Elderflower Wine Kit in Calico Bag, Old Hamlet
Fairtrade
Fairtrade
Back
Steenbergs Fairtrade spices
Steenbergs Fairtrade Organic Tea
Steenbergs Fairtrade Home Bakery Range
Fairtrade Food And Drinks
Fairtrade Household products
View all
Fairtrade Demerara Sugar 500g Billingtons
Organic Fairtrade pomegranates dried 100g - Pearls of
Samarkand
Gifts
Gifts
Back
Steenbergs Food and Spice Gift Bags
Vouchers
Steenbergs Hampers
Spice Gifts
Steenbergs Loose Leaf Tea Gifts
Stackers - Organic Sugars and Spices
View all
Steenbergs A Taste of Christmas, Organic Christmas Food Gift Bag
Steenbergs Christmas Drinks Gift Bag
Groceries
Groceries
Back
Antipasta
Organic Beans , Seeds , Grains , Rice And Pulses
Coconut
Chocolate, Chocolate Spread and Cacao
Chutneys , Tahinis, Mustards, Nut Butters, savoury
Organic Dried Fruit and Tinned Fruit
Gluten And / Or Dairy Free Ingredients
Raw Honey and organic syrups
Dried Mushrooms
Nuts and Seeds, Mostly Organic
Organic Pasta and Noodles
Storecupboard Ingredients And Food
Organic Tomatoes - Tinned / Pureed Or Dried
Vinegar and Oils
Smoothie and juice ingredients
View all
Seggiano Organic Rosé Balsamic Vinegar 250ml
Organic Mushroom Powder 20g Standard Jar Steenbergs
Home & Garden
Home & Garden
Back
Reusable plastic free food wrap
Towels, Bath Robes + Slippers Organic Cotton
Natural Soap and Bubble Bath
Organic Cotton Wool. Biodegradable bamboo tampons and pads, cotton tissues
Bakeware
Toothpaste and Toothbrushes Eco Friendly
Deodorants - Paraben Free
Scrub a dub dub
Kitchenalia
Salt and Pepper Mills
Spiceware
Teaware
Wooden Boards
Spoons - wood and stainless steel
Eco Products for Home and Garden
Eco Household Cleaning Products
Incense Sticks and
incense Burners
Playing Cards - Illustrated
Natural Shampoos and Shampoo bars
View all
Maroma Frankincense Incense Sticks x 10, Fairly Traded
Maroma Frankincense + Myrrh Incense Sticks 10 - Fairly Traded
E-Recipe books
E-Recipe books
Back
Recipe E-books and spice collections
View all
Festive
Recipes E-Book with Devilled Egg
Niki Bakes around Asia Recipe E-Book
Seasonal
Seasonal
Back
Christmas baking ingredients
Christmas food gift ideas
Christmas drinks - organic
Stocking fillers
View all
Festive
Recipes E-Book with Devilled Egg
Organic Christmas Tisane 100g Loose Leaf Steenbergs
Special Offers
Blog
Recipes
Home
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement
At Steenbergs Limited (Steenbergs), we are very aware that all our users are concerned about their personal privacy and how information about them is used and shared.  Steenbergs protects the confidentiality and security of the information we collect about you, and we appreciate your trust in us to be careful and sensible in how we use and share information about you.
This Privacy Statement is provided to explain to you what personal information is collected at our sites, why we need it and how we use and share it. These practices are updated and modified from time to time, so we would encourage you to check this Statement regularly.  By visiting Steenbergs' websites, you are accepting and consenting to our practices as detailed in this Privacy Statement.
Regulatory Framework For Personal Information
Steenbergs manages and protects customer's and user's personal data under the Data Protection Act 1998, soon to be GDPR and the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003.  For more information on data protection and protecting your personal data, please visit the Information Commissioner's Office.
Data Controllers Of Personal Information
Steenbergs operates three websites: steenbergs.co.uk, steenbergsorganic.net and oldhamletwineandspice.co.uk (together the Websites).  Any personal information provided to or gathered by the Websites is controlled by Steenbergs of 6 Hallikeld Close, Barker Business Park, Melmerby, Ripon, HG4 5GZ, UK, and Engage Interactive Limited of 1st Floor, Munro House, Duke Street, Leeds, LS9 8AG, UK (together the Data Controllers).  Steenbergs is registered at the Information Commissioner's Office under Z3175919, and Engage Interactive is registered under Z2963649 for the purposes of Steenbergs' customer and user data.
This Privacy Statement only relates to the Websites.  Personal Information that is excluded from this Privacy Statement is data that is gathered by websites that are not controlled by and data provided is not owned or controlled by Steenbergs.  Steenbergs is not responsible for how these third parties may use information collected from or about you.  This includes, amongst others, interactions with Steenbergs through its shop at Amazon.co.uk and Steenbergs' accounts on social media platforms, such as Facebook, Instagram, Pinterest, Twitter etc.  We work with these third parties so we can access different online marketplaces, so we can connect to your social networks, so we can generate interest in our products and to allow you to share product interests with your friends in your social networks. We cannot control how your personal data is gathered, stored, used and shared by these third party websites.  You must review the privacy policies and settings on these third party websites and your social networking sites to make sure you understand the information you are sharing.
What Personal Information Does Steenbergs Gather?
The personal information that we gather from customers and users of the Websites helps us personalise and improve your experience of the Websites.  We use this information to process orders, deliver products, communicate with you about orders, new products and offers, keep your accounts updated and generally maintain your accounts with us.  In addition, we use this information to improve our services and products, prevent fraud and abuses of the Websites and enable third parties to carry out distribution, payments and refunds, and other functions on our behalf.
The types of information we gather are:
Information You Give Us: We receive and store any information you enter on our websites or give us in other ways, such as by telephone or e-mail.  You can choose not to provide certain information but then you might not be able to use all of the features of our Websites, including being kept informed about an order's progress, or receiving our e-mail newsletters.  We use the information that you provide for purposes that include processing your orders and responding to your questions by e-mail or the "Contact us" form.Automatic Information: We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with the Websites.  For example, like most websites, we use "cookies" and we obtain certain types of information when your web browser accesses the websites.E-mail Newsletters: To help us make e-mail newsletters more interesting, we receive a confirmation when you open newsletters from Steenbergs if your computer supports such capabilities.
Examples of personal information collected includes, but is not limited to:
Information You Give Us: You provide most of your personal data when you search, buy products or communicate with the Websites or Steenbergs.  For example, you provide data when you search for products, place an order, provide information to your account, subscribe to the e-mail newsletter, communicate with us through the "Contact us" page, contact us by telephone, email or otherwise, complete a questionnaire, enter a competition, or send us mail.  As a result, you could supply us with information that includes: your name; your address and phone number; your e-mail address; people to whom purchases have been dispatched; your work address; the addresses, names and e-mail addresses or phone numbers of relatives, friends and other people.Automatic Information: Examples of data we collect and analyse include: the Internet protocol address used to connect your computer to the Internet; login; e-mail address; password; computer and connection information such as browser type and version; browser plug-in types and versions; operating system; purchase history; the Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through and from the Websites; cookie number; browser data such as cookies or Flash cookies; products you viewed or searched; social networks visited and used.
What About Cookies?
Users should be aware that non-personal information and data may be automatically collected through the standard operation of the Websites through the use of "cookies".  Steenbergs uses "cookies" to enable our systems to recognise your device and to enhance your experience by providing features to you.  For more information on cookies, please refer to "Cookie Policy" on Steenbergs' Websites or refer to Allaboutcookies.
Does Steenbergs Share The Personal Information It Receives?
Information about our customers and users is a key part of our business and we do not sell this personal data to others.  Steenbergs shares customer information only as described below:
Third Party Service Providers: Steenbergs uses other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf.  For example, delivering parcels, sending mail, sending e-mail newsletters, managing Steenbergs' Websites and our customers' accounts, and processing payments and refunds.  These third party service providers have access to the personal information needed to perform their functions only, but may not use it for any other purpose.  Furthermore, they must process the personal information in accordance with this Privacy Statement and GDPR.Protection of Steenbergs and others: Steenbergs releases account and personal information when we believe we must do so to comply with the law, enforce or apply our Conditions of Sale, User's Agreement and other agreements, to protect the rights, property and safety of Steenbergs, our users and others.  This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for fraud protection.  It does not include selling, renting, sharing or otherwise disclosing personally identifiable information from customers and users for commercial purposes in ways that are contrary to this Privacy Statement.With Your Consent: Were Steenbergs to wish to transfer personal information to third parties other than as set out above, you will receive notice about this and you will be given the opportunity to refuse to share the information.
Steenbergs does not transfer personal information outside of the European Union.
How Secure Is Information About Me?
We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software.  SSL encrypts the personal data you input. The Websites have security certificates and you should check that you have a secure server connection by looking for the locked padlock symbol in the https-prefix in the URL.Steenbergs does not have access to nor controls personal financial data.  When you make payments on steenbergs.co.uk, you are giving that information directly to a Third Party Service Provider, either PayPal or Stripe, and Steenbergs enables the use of SSL technology to encrypt your Personal Data when these Third Party Providers collect your payment information for purchases.  You should verify that you have a secure server connection by looking for the locked padlock symbol in the https-prefix in the URL.  These online payments' providers securely control the personal information you provide them.  For more information on their security, please visit PayPal and Stripe.It is important for you to protect yourself against unauthorised access to your password and to your computer and electronic devices. Be sure to sign off when you have finished using a shared computer or any device.
What Information Can I Access?
Steenbergs gives you access to a range of information about your account and your transactions with the Websites for the limited purpose of viewing and, where applicable, updating that information.
What Are My Choices Regarding My Personal Data?
You can always choose not to provide information about you, even though this might be needed to make a purchase, monitor its dispatch, or take advantages of certain features of the Websites.  For example, you can purchase as a Guest without creating an Account, or use non-personal e-mail addresses, or provide a dummy phone number.You can update or add information to your account details.To receive Steenbergs' e-mail newsletters, you must positively subscribe to that service.  If you no longer want to receive e-mail newsletters from us, you can unsubscribe when you next receive an e-mail newsletter or request at any time to be unsubscribed by sending an email to info@steenbergs.co.uk.The Help feature on most internet browsers will explain to you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have your browser notify you when you receive a new cookie or how to disable cookies altogether.  However, because cookies allow you to take advantage of some of the Websites' essential features, we advise you to keep them switched on.You have a right to be forgotten.  If you wish to have your details removed, you can email us at info@steenbergs.co.uk and Steenbergs will use commercially reasonable efforts functionally to delete the user and his or her personal information from its database; however, it may be impossible to delete a user's entry without some residual information because of backups and records of deletions.You can choose to purchase from Steenbergs offline either by phone, mail or in person.  In these cases, any physical records of your personal data are stored securely and confidentially destroyed every 8 weeks by a Third Party Provider, currently Shred-it.  Your personal data is stored within our financial accounts system for one financial audit period, after which it is anonymized.
Are Children Permitted To Use Steenbergs' Websites?
As detailed in the User's Agreement, Steenbergs does not sell to children.  Steenbergs' websites are for purchases by and interactions with adults.  If you are under 18, you may use the Websites only with the involvement of a parent or guardian.  Steenbergs does not knowingly collect data from children under the age of 13 years.
Revisions
Steenbergs' business and legislation are constantly evolving, so this Privacy Statement will also change through time.  Steenbergs reserves the right to change this policy at any time and may from time to time e-mail users to update them on the Privacy Statement, but you should check the Websites regularly to see recent changes.
This statement and the policies outlined herein are not intended to and do not create any contractual or other legal rights in or on behalf of any party.
Last updated: 7 March 2018
Terms and Conditions
Conditions of Sale
Users' Agreement
Privacy Statement
Data Protection
Cookie Usage
You may also enjoy
Free shipping
With orders over £30
Delicious and healthy
We have a huge range of organic and alternative baking ingredients
Spices for cocktails and mulled drinks
Simple and delicious mixes for mulled drinks and cocktails
Fairtrade
Committed to Fair-trade
Item added to basket
[[PRODUCT_NAME]]
[[QUANTITY_STRING]]
[[TOTAL_PRICE]]
Continue shopping
View basket