https://steenbergs.co.uk/terms-and-conditions/cookie-usage
Menu
Close
New
Steenbergs Gift Cards
Herbs & Spices
Herbs & Spices
Back
Organic Herbs Dried
Spices, most of these are organic
Fairtrade Spices
Flowers , Petals And Blossom - Edible
Ginger Organic
Pepper, many organic and some unusual
Salt And Salt Seasonings
Specialist Spices Including Chillies
Organic Vanilla
Organic Baby Bulk for Spices , Herbs and Blends
Steenbergs Premium Spice Range
Spice Accessories
Saffron
Classic Seasonings
American Inspired Organic Spice Blends
Organic Arabic Spice Blends
Asian Spice Blends
Organic Baking Spice And Flavoured Sugar Blends
BBQ Seasonings And Rubs
Organic Curry Mixes
Fish and Shellfish Seasonings
Organic Mediterranean Spice Blends
Organic Pepper And Salt Blends
Organic Bouillons And Gravy Mixes
Organic or Gluten Free Stuffings Steenbergs
View all
Organic Ground Turmeric Large Jar - 130g Steenbergs
Organic Korma Masala Curry Mix standard jar 50g Steenbergs
Salts
Salts
Back
Direct Trade Salt and Pepper
Organic salt blends
Colourful Salts (naturally coloured)
Finishing salts
Fleur de Sel
Other Salt blends
View all
Kala Namak (Indian) Black Salt 100g Steenbergs
Fleur De Sel Sun Dried Sea Salt Large Jar 180g
Steenbergs
Tea and Coffee
Tea and Coffee
Back
Ecoffee Bamboo cups for drinking on the go
Black Tea Loose Leaf and Bagged
Green and White Tea Loose Leaf and Bagged
Herbal Tea And Herbal Tea Mixes
Organic Chai Teas Loose Leaf and bagged
Earl Grey Tea
Oolong Loose Leaf Tea
Floral Teas
Chinese Flowering Teas
Organic Pyramid Teabags
Tea Bricks
Bulk Loose Leaf Tea
Teapots / Filters /
Infusers and Tea Balls
Tea Glasses, mugs, Matcha Bowls and Glass Tea pots
Coffee - Filter and Instant Fairtrade and ethical
Swell Drinks
Tea Tins
View all
Puerh tea brick (Boxed) Steenbergs
Organic Christmas Tisane 100g Loose Leaf Steenbergs
Home baking
Home baking
Back
Extracts And Flavours - most organic
Organic Baking Spice Mixes And Flavoured Sugars
Baking Ingredients
Flour , yeasts and starters - many organic
Sugar and Syrups organic , fairtrade or natural
If You Care Range Of Eco Friendly Baking Products
View all
Organic Granulated Cane Sugar Billingtons 500g
Silver Spoon Caster Sugar 1 kilo
Swell
Swell
Back
Swell
Lattes and Drinks
Swell Organic Superfoods
Swell Spice Mixes
View all
Swell Digestivo Spice Blend 150g
Swell Organic Golden Turmeric Drink Mix 250g
Bulk
Bulk
Back
Herbs, Spices & Blends
Bulk Loose Leaf Teas
View all
Organic Italian Herbs Refill Baby Bulk 250g
Steenbergs
Organic Earl Grey Leaf Tea 500g, Steenbergs
Old Hamlet Wine & Spice
Old Hamlet Wine & Spice
Back
Mulling Spices in Cloth Bags
Cocktail Accessories
Whisky Toddy Spice Mix
Pillow Packs - Muslin Sachets
Botanicals For Cocktails
Cocktail Sugar and Spice Mixers
Old Hamlet Envelopes of Sugar and Spice Mixes
Home Brew Drink Kits
Non Alcoholic Drink Mixers
Old Hamlet Spice Gift Boxes
Christmas Crafts - Pomander making kit
View all
Fairtrade Whisky Toddy Spices In Gift Box With Bodum Glass - Old Hamlet
Elderflower Wine Kit in Calico Bag, Old Hamlet
Fairtrade
Fairtrade
Back
Steenbergs Fairtrade spices
Steenbergs Fairtrade Organic Tea
Steenbergs Fairtrade Home Bakery Range
Fairtrade Food And Drinks
Fairtrade Household products
View all
Fairtrade Demerara Sugar 500g Billingtons
Organic Fairtrade pomegranates dried 100g - Pearls of
Samarkand
Gifts
Gifts
Back
Steenbergs Food and Spice Gift Bags
Vouchers
Steenbergs Hampers
Spice Gifts
Steenbergs Loose Leaf Tea Gifts
Stackers - Organic Sugars and Spices
View all
Steenbergs A Taste of Christmas, Organic Christmas Food Gift Bag
Steenbergs Christmas Drinks Gift Bag
Groceries
Groceries
Back
Antipasta
Organic Beans , Seeds , Grains , Rice And Pulses
Coconut
Chocolate, Chocolate Spread and Cacao
Chutneys , Tahinis, Mustards, Nut Butters, savoury
Organic Dried Fruit and Tinned Fruit
Gluten And / Or Dairy Free Ingredients
Raw Honey and organic syrups
Dried Mushrooms
Nuts and Seeds, Mostly Organic
Organic Pasta and Noodles
Storecupboard Ingredients And Food
Organic Tomatoes - Tinned / Pureed Or Dried
Vinegar and Oils
Smoothie and juice ingredients
View all
Seggiano Organic Rosé Balsamic Vinegar 250ml
Organic Mushroom Powder 20g Standard Jar Steenbergs
Home & Garden
Home & Garden
Back
Reusable plastic free food wrap
Towels, Bath Robes + Slippers Organic Cotton
Natural Soap and Bubble Bath
Organic Cotton Wool. Biodegradable bamboo tampons and pads, cotton tissues
Bakeware
Toothpaste and Toothbrushes Eco Friendly
Deodorants - Paraben Free
Scrub a dub dub
Kitchenalia
Salt and Pepper Mills
Spiceware
Teaware
Wooden Boards
Spoons - wood and stainless steel
Eco Products for Home and Garden
Eco Household Cleaning Products
Incense Sticks and
incense Burners
Playing Cards - Illustrated
Natural Shampoos and Shampoo bars
View all
Maroma Frankincense Incense Sticks x 10, Fairly Traded
Maroma Frankincense + Myrrh Incense Sticks 10 - Fairly Traded
E-Recipe books
E-Recipe books
Back
Recipe E-books and spice collections
View all
Festive
Recipes E-Book with Devilled Egg
Niki Bakes around Asia Recipe E-Book
Seasonal
Seasonal
Back
Christmas baking ingredients
Christmas food gift ideas
Christmas drinks - organic
Stocking fillers
View all
Festive
Recipes E-Book with Devilled Egg
Organic Christmas Tisane 100g Loose Leaf Steenbergs
Special Offers
Blog
Recipes
Home
Terms and Conditions
Cookie Usage
Cookie Usage
The standard cookie policy for this website is to allow all cookies as they are fundamental to the functionality of the shopping process, including, but not limited to, the operation of the shopping cart itself. For more information on cookies, please refer to http://www.allaboutcookies.org/.
The privacy and security of your personal information is very important to us. We are not saving or sharing any personal information about you through cookies - that includes your payment card number or address; in fact, Steenbergs never receives your payment card data during online transactions as we transfer you to PayPal’s or Stripe's servers for the payment process. We strive to protect your personal data and only use your personal data to process your chosen transaction. We do not provide cookie-derived information so third parties can target advertising to you, or in other way provide information to third parties to advertise or market to you, save for the opt-in procedure for contacts by our chosen charity partner. If you would like to learn more about how we protect your privacy please read our Privacy Policy.
What are cookies?
Cookies are small files that websites save to your computer when you visit and navigate through their websites. They are widely and commonly used to make websites function properly and more efficiently, as well as to provide different types of information to the website owners.
Steenbergs is not a heavy user of cookies, but we do use them in certain ways to enable our site to operate and provide you with a functional experience when shopping via our website. For example:
to enhance the security of the web site;to anonymously measure website usage and performance;to improve your experience, for example remembering your settings so you do not need to continue to input them;to provide content or services from other companies, e.g. to allow you to share pages with social networks.
You may read more about the types of cookies used on our website and how you can manage your cookies.
Functional Cookies
Functional cookies support the use of the site and enable enhanced and personalised features. Some of these cookies are necessary to enable you to move around the website without encountering problems and to use certain functionality.
Functional cookies will:
save products purchased during a shopping session so they appear together in your shopping cart;remember shopping selections that you make from page to page;store information that supports network communication.
Functional cookies will not:
save any personal information;gather information that could be used for marketing purposes.
Session Cookies
These cookies enable us to keep track of the products that you have added to your Shopping Cart, as you move from page to page so that you do not have to enter the same information more than once and so that the Shopping Cart can link multiple purchases to the same purchase order. This helps you to move more quickly and easily through the website.
Web Analytics’ Cookies
These cookies from Google Analytics are used to collect information about how visitors use our website. We use the information to assess how our website is performing and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited without collecting any personal information. For more information, you should read an overview of privacy at Google and at Google Analytics.
Targeting Cookies
Targeting cookies are used by social sharing services provided by Facebook and Twitter. These are not created by or under the control of Steenbergs, but you should be aware that you might obtain them through either using the Facebook "Like" function on Steenbergs’ pages or via the comments module, which is a module provided by Facebook. Similarly, Twitter uses cookies should you use the “Tweet” application. Other social networks are also likely to use cookies and you should check their cookies and privacy pages for more information.
Targeting cookies will:
save non-personal information, including the type of web browser that you used, the date and time of your visit and which pages you viewed.
Targeting cookies will not:
save any personal information, e.g. your email address;cause you to receive any additional advertisements or emails.Facebook
This cookie is related to Facebook functionality. If you have previously received a cookie from Facebook because you either have an account or have visited Facebook, your browser sends Facebook information about this cookie when you visit a site with the “Like” button or another social plugin. Facebook uses this cookie information to help show you a personalised experience on their site and to help maintain and improve their service. For more information, you should read an overview of privacy at Facebook and Facebook's cookies' policies.
Twitter
These cookies are related to Twitter functionality. The “Tweet” function links the websites to your Twitter account and makes this information available to other users. Twitter uses cookies better to understand how you interact with their services to monitor usage. For more information, you should read an overview of privacy at Twitter.
Managing Cookies
If you are interested in how to manage and control cookies through you web browser, please refer to http://www.allaboutcookies.org/. You can always remove clear your cookies after visiting our site through following the procedures at the aforementioned web site, or setting your browser internet options to “Delete Browsing History On Exit”.
Please understand that even though your browser and other tools provide you with control over your cookies, it is possible for this site, steenbergs.co.uk, to create a cookie during future visits. Based on the actions you take and because we use cookies that are necessary for our site to function properly, it is possible that these types of cookies may reappear on your machine during future visits.
Terms and Conditions
Conditions of Sale
Users' Agreement
Privacy Statement
Data Protection
Cookie Usage
You may also enjoy
Free shipping
With orders over £30
Larger amounts
Larger amounts for serious cooks
Dishes to inspire you
Recipes perfect for you and your family
Spices for cocktails and mulled drinks
Simple and delicious mixes for mulled drinks and cocktails
Item added to basket
[[PRODUCT_NAME]]
[[QUANTITY_STRING]]
[[TOTAL_PRICE]]
Continue shopping
View basket