https://stkildastore.com/privacy
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
St Kilda Store is a trading division of St. Kilda Holdings Ltd.St Kilda Store complies fully with European Data Protection law which requires "Member States to protect the fundamental rights and freedoms of natural persons, in particular their right to privacy with respect to the processing of personal data", as implemented by the UK parliament in the 1998 Data Protection Act (DPA). The DPA regulates what we may do with the data we collect. St Kilda Store complies with European principles of data protection, that is to say the data must be:fairly and lawfully processed;processed for limited purposes;adequate, relevant and not excessive;accurate;not kept longer than necessary;processed in accordance with the data subject's rights;secure;not transferred to countries without adequate protection.Information Collection and UseSt Kilda Store. is the owner of the information collected on all of St Kilda Store's own sites. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement and our data protection registration. St Kilda Store collects information from our users at several different points on our website. St Kilda Store partner companies may also collect their own information, on their own or co-branded sites. But all St Kilda Store partners agree to abide by the same terms and conditions, and will not use your information for purposes other than those clearly stated at the point of their collection or in their own clearly identified Terms & Conditions section.OrderWe request information from the user on our order forms. Here a user must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill customer's orders. If we have trouble processing an order, this contact information is used to get in touch with the user. This information may be stored and used for the use of customer service representatives providing users with the service they require.CookiesA cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's computer containing information about the user. Cookies are used throughout our sites for enhancement of the user experience. Some parts of our site may not work without cookies turned on, other parts will function as normal. Some of our business partners may use cookies on our site (for example, advertisers). However, we have no access to or control over these cookies.Log FilesWe use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track users' movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.SharingWe use outside shipping companies to ship orders. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.LinksThis web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware thatSt Kilda Store is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by St Kilda Store Web sites.NewsletterIf a user wishes to subscribe to our newsletters, we ask for contact information such as name and email address.SecurityThis website takes every precaution to protect our users' information. When users submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and off-line by our practices as well as UK and European law. When our registration/order form asks users to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number), that information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software in the industry - SSL. While on a secure page, such as our order form, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked, as opposed to un-locked, or open, when you are just 'surfing'. While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in our power to protect user-information off-line. All of our users' information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, our billing clerk or a customer service representative) are granted access to personally identifiable information. ALL employees are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices. Every quarter, as well as any time new policies are added, our employees are notified and/or reminded about the importance we place on privacy, and what they can do to ensure our customers' information is protected. Finally, the servers that we store personally identifiable information on are kept in a secure environment, in a locked and alarmed area. If you have any questions about the security at our website, you can send an email to info@stkildastore.com However, we reserve the right not to reveal detailed information about our security measures, since this might itself compromise our security.Supplementation of InformationIn order for this website to properly fulfil its obligation to our customers, it may be necessary for us to supplement the information we receive with information from 3rd party sources. For example, as a routine or extraordinary check during order processing, we may use their name and address to request a credit report.Choice/Opt-inOur users are given the opportunity to 'opt-in' to having their information used for purposes not directly related to our site at the point where we ask for the information. Users who no longer wish to receive our newsletter or promotional materials from our partners may opt-out of receiving these communications by notifying us by e-mail to info@stkildastore.comNotification of ChangesIf we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on our Homepage so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy and data protection laws of the UK and EU.