https://stores.lifeguardsystems.com/privacy-policy/
Loading... Please wait...
My Account
Order Status
Wish Lists
Gift Certificates
View Cart
Sign in or Create an account
Search
Advanced Search |
Search Tips
Home
FAQ's
MineralizerMetal FoamOzonizerChemizerInstallation
About Us
Blog
Customer Service
Categories
Mineralizer
Metal Foam
Ozonizer
Chemizer
Electrodes
Tee Chambers
Test Kits
Misc. Parts
New
Our Newsletter
Your First Name:
Your Email Address:
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
At
Lifeguard Purification Systems
we value our customers' trust and respect your privacy. The following privacy policy discloses our privacy practices and applies to all transactions in our store, on telephone orders, and on our Internet web site.
Types of personal information we collect
We collect and store personal information that you give us when you shop at our store, register on our website, request a catalog, place an order, call us, or send us a letter or email. We are the sole owners of the information that we collect. We only have access to and collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. This information may include your name, mailing/billing address, email address, telephone number, fax number, credit card number and expiration date. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
How we use your personal information
We will use your information to respond to you regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization other than as necessary to fulfill your request (for example, credit card companies, financial institutions, and shipping companies) and when, in our judgment, we believe it is necessary or appropriate to prevent fraud, injury, or harm to persons or property, to protect our rights or the rights of others, to comply with applicable laws and regulations, or as otherwise required by law.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Orders
We request information from you on our order form. To buy from us, you must provide contact information (like your name and shipping address) and financial information (like your credit card number and expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill and ship your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we'll use this information to contact you.
Cookies
We use "cookies" on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor's hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
Your access to and control over information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any
Change/correct any inaccurate data we have about you
Have us delete any data we have about you (except data that we are required to maintain for our records)
Express any concern you have about our use of your data
Links to external websites
This web site may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Security Procedures
We take strict precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page.
We use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online and we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via the email address or phone number given on our website.
The information on this site is related to products manufactured by
Lifeguard Purification Systems, LLC
and is intended for use as a guide in the usage of products manufactured and distributed by
Lifeguard Purification Systems, LLC.
Any other usage of these products not recommended by
Lifeguard Purificaton Systems, LLC
is done at your own risk.
Privacy Policy |
Sitemap |
Shopping Cart Software by BigCommerce
All prices are in USD   © 1998-2020
Lifeguard Purification Systems, LLC.   All Rights Reserved.