https://store.closetorganizersusa.com/privacy-policy/
Loading... Please wait...
866-418-1338
My Account
Sign in or Create an account
Wish Lists
View Cart (0)
Toggle Top Menu
Search
Search
Main Navigation
Home
Pages
Home
Design a Closet
Closet Measurements
Free Shipping
Returns
Contact
covid-19-update
HomePrivacy Policy
Categories
Closet
Drawer Dividers
Hooks
Security
Valet Rods
Tie Racks
Belt Racks
Scarf Racks
Wire Baskets
Closet Hampers
Sliding Pants Rack
Ironing Boards
Closet Mirror
Custom Design
Kitchen
Hooks
Sliding Wire Pantry Baskets
Tool & Cleaning Organizers
Wine Racks
Sliding Racks
Contractors
Sample Kit
Popular Brands
Hafele TAG Hardware Spectrum Diversified Designs Polder Clear Systems CompX Security October Company Fire King JJM Solutions KHM Plastics
View All Brands
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
ATTENTION: PLEASE READ THESE TERMS CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEB SITE. USING THIS WEB SITE INDICATES THAT YOU ACCEPT THESE TERMS. IF YOU ARE UNDER 18 YEARS OF AGE, PLEASE BE SURE TO READ THIS AGREEMENT WITH YOUR PARENTS OR GUARDIAN.
IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT THIS PRIVACY POLICY, DO NOT USE THIS WEB SITE.
Our Commitment To Privacy:
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
We Are Not Responsible For Third Party Sites/Features
Our website and applications may provide links to, or features from, other third party sites (such as third party social networks). If you link to or use such third party sites or features, you do so at your own risk. We do not control and are not responsible for the security or practices of any third party site, application, or feature.
The Information We Collect:
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Closet Organizers USA website. There are certain user initiated actions where you are asked to input personal or payment information on this website. This includes:
"WE DESIGN" form submissions: If you request to use our free design service, you will be asked for your contact information. This is so that we can contact you about your project and send the finished designs back to you for approval.
Online Design Tool Login: If you choose to design your own closet using our free online design tool, you will be asked to input your email address in order to save your design. The purpose of this is to create a unique identity so that you can access your designs and purchase them if you desire.
Making a purchase: When purchasing a product, you will be asked for your home address, email address, and phone number. This information is needed to complete your transaction and for shipping purposes. We will only call you by phone if there is a question about your order. Your information is never sold or given to other companies.
Credit Card Information: Closet Organizers USA does not keep your credit card information, nor do we maintain credit card numbers in our database. You enter your payment information directly to the credit card processing company through a secure portal.
The Way We Use Information:
We use the name, address, email and phone number you provide about yourself solely for the purpose of completing your sale. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to ship and complete the transaction.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Google Analytics and Search Engine Tracking
ClosetOrganizersUSA.com uses Google Analytics tracking code to evaluate website performance. This Google information may include end user location, search history, YouTube history, and data from sites that partner with Google. The data is used to provide aggregated and anonymized insights into our users' cross device behaviors and use of this website. We do not personally identify users or facilitate the merging of personally identifiable information with non-personally identifiable information collected through any advertising product or feature.
You can opt out of all Google Analytics tracking at any time by downloading their Opt-out Browser Add-on.
Our Commitment To Data Security:
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Our Commitment To Children's Privacy:
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
How To Contact Us:
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call us at 866-418-1338 or send us an email at info@ClosetOrganizersUSA.com
New Products
Engage Laundry Sorter
$220.80 $192.00
Choose Options
Add to Compare
Add to Wishlist
Engage Pant Organizer
$201.25 $175.00
Choose Options
Add to Compare
Add to Wishlist
StealthLock Receiver and Strike Plate
$139.15 $121.00
Add To Cart
Add to Compare
Add to Wishlist
StealthLock Lock Kit
$201.25 $175.00
Add To Cart
Add to Compare
Add to Wishlist
Under Shelf Hook
$57.50 $50.00
Choose Options
Add to Compare
Add to Wishlist
Quick Links
Pages
Home
Design a Closet
Closet Measurements
Free Shipping
Returns
Contact
covid-19-update
What's News
Organize Your Life...One Shoe at a Time
How much time do you spend looking for a Left when you have a Right?
Maybe …
Closet Organizers USA opens new online store
Welcome to our Closet Accessory store!
Closet Organizers USA has been …
Follow us on
FacebookTwitterPinterest
Copyright 2020 Closet Organizers USA. All Rights Reserved.      Sitemap      Privacy      Terms
Call us at 866-418-1338
All prices are in USD.
Close
Close
Selected For Comparision
Compare Now