http://store.gartsideboats.com/pages/policies
Home
Custom Boatbuilding
Boats for Sale
Stock Plans
Books
Gift Cards
FAQ
Contact
Search
Links
Browse all Products
Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy
ORDERING & SHIPPING
You may order our plans either as paper prints, or as digital download files.
Paper prints are non-fade photocopies of the original drawings.
Upon ordering you will receive confirmation by e-mail of your order. The
plans will be shipped shortly thereafter, folded in a 13 x 10 inch
envelope, by regular mail. Overseas orders are shipped by air mail. Delivery time is usually less than three weeks worldwide. Shipping cost
is added to the plan price, and varies depending on your location. Shipping costs are calculated in the checkout process.
Digital files are high resolution scans of the original drawings, in PDF format. You will receive an email confirmation of your order, and a download link specific to your purchase. There is no shipping charge for digital files. When your download is complete you may copy the PDF files to disc and take them to your local copy-shop for printing. Many copy-shops will accept the files by e-mail. If
you experience any difficulty in having your files printed, please let
us know.
Download links expire after 3 uses. If you lose or misplace your files, please contact us with your name and order number, and we will reissue download links for your purchase.
NOTE: A wide-format copier is required to print the plans to their original
size and scale. Paper width is 36 inches and the depth is normally about
24 inches.
RETURN POLICY
All sales are final. However, if for any reason you are dissatisfied with your purchase, please contact us right way. Customer satisfaction is an issue we take very seriously, and we will endeavour to rectify any difficulties or concerns you may have.
COPYRIGHT
The purchase of a complete set of plans entitles the purchaser to
build one boat from those plans. Paul Gartside Ltd. retains full
copyright and ownership of the design. If you wish to build more than
one boat per plan, please contact us for permission to do so.
In the digital age, infringement of copyright is easier than it has ever been. However, our ability to
offer plans in this manner depends on a level of trust and honour in this regard.
Distribution or sale of designs in whole or in part represents infringement of copyright and is strictly prohibited by law.
PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Paul Gartside Ltd. collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of the gartsideboats.com website ("Site"). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Paul Gartside Ltd..
Personal identification information
We may collect personally identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, place an order, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
Paul Gartside Ltd. collects and uses Users personal information for the following purposes:
- To process transactions
We may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
- To send periodic emails
The email address Users provide for order processing, will only be used to send them information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, and/or other requests or questions. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and its Users happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission.
Changes to this privacy policy
Paul Gartside Ltd. has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will send you an email. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
This document was last updated on March 29, 2011
Browse all Products
Choosing a Plan
Copyright & Policies
Search All Products