https://stuckeys.com/privacy-security-statements/
FacebookInstagramPinterest
About Stuckey’s
Letter From Our CEO
Stuckey’s History
Wholesale
Wholesale Account Inquiry
Request a Wholesale Account
Wholesale Account Login
Wholesale Portal
Blog
Communications
800-423-6171
Free Shipping on Orders Over $50!
Privacy & Security Statements
Privacy Policy
Stuckey’s Corporation (“Stuckey’s”) is sensitive to the privacy concerns of visitors to its website (“website”). The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to describe the types of personally identifiable and non-personally identifiable information collected from visitors to the website at www.stuckeys.com. This privacy policy applies to access to the website from any website. Below are general discussions of common questions regarding Stuckey’s Corporation’s Privacy Policy. If you have questions about the Privacy Policy which are not addressed here, contact our Customer Service Department.
Personal Information
Stuckey’s collects only personal information which you voluntarily provide. The information enables you to register on the website, place an order, get information about special promotions or contact Stuckey’s. The personally identifiable information you submit may include such information as your name, age, mailing address, email address, telephone number, fax number and credit card number / expiration date.  You may browse the website without supplying any personally identifiable information.
IP Address
The non-personally identifiable information collected may include your IP address. An IP address is a number that is assigned to your computer when you are using your browser on the internet. The Stuckey’s website servers automatically identify your computer by its IP address. Stuckey’s tracks IP addresses in order to monitor information such as the geographic regions of visitors to the website.
Cookies
In order to use the website, your computer must accept the use of cookies, which are small data files stored on your computer’s hard drive. Cookies do not contain personally identifiable information and do not give Stuckey’s control over your computer. The information that Stuckey’s stores in cookies is used to track your activity on the website and to access your individualized settings (such as your online shopping cart) to make your visit more convenient and to make it unnecessary for you to reenter this information when you make return visits to the website.
Use of Personal Information
The personally identifiable information that you voluntarily provide to Stuckey’s will be used to process your orders and may be used to identify you within the Stuckey’s system. Your email address may be used to contact you if there are questions regarding your Stuckey’s order. Your email address may also be used to send you information about new services or special offers. You may choose not to receive such information by following the relevant instructions on the website. Your personal information will not be disclosed by Stuckey’s to any third party without your consent. Stuckey’s may share personally identifiable information with law enforcement entities or as reasonably determined necessary to protect Stuckey’s rights, the rights of others, to prevent harm to persons or property, or to fight fraud.
Protection of Personal Information
All transactions in the Stuckey’s online shop are protected by industry standard 128-bit, Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption. This level of encryption coupled with a combination of Blowfish (128-bit keys) and RSA (1024-bit keys) on the server provides security to your personally identifiable data throughout the purchasing process.
Business Transitions
In the event that Stuckey’s Corporation undergoes a business transition, such as a merger, being acquired by another company, or selling a portion of its assets, user’s personal information will, in most instances, be a part of the assets transferred. Any changes to the privacy policy will be noted as outlined below.
Changes To The Privacy Policy
Stuckey’s Privacy Policy is reviewed regularly to ensure that the privacy interests of Stuckey’s customers are served. The policy will therefore change from time to time. The policy stated on the day the website is accessed is the policy that applies to the website on that day.
Contact Stuckey’s Corporation
If you have questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact Stuckey’s Corporation by
Mail:
Stuckey’s Corporation
Legal Department
13321 New Hampshire Avenue – Suite #208 – Silver Spring, MD 20904
Email: info@stuckeys.com
Phone: 301-585-8222
THIS WEBSITE USER AGREEMENT (“AGREEMENT”) APPLIES TO ALL INDIVIDUALS WHO USE, VISIT, OR BROWSE ON www.stuckeys.com (“WEBSITE”) (COLLECTIVELY “USERS” OR “YOU”). THE WEBSITE IS OPERATED BY OR ON BEHALF OF STUCKEY’S CORPORATION, 8555 16TH STREET, SUITE 850, SILVER SPRING, MD 20910. ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE WEBSITE BY YOU IS CONDITIONED ON YOUR ACCEPTANCE WITHOUT MODIFICATION OF THIS AGREEMENT. YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE CONSTITUTES YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THIS AGREEMENT. THE TERMS OF OUR PRIVACY POLICY ARE INCORPORATED HEREIN BY REFERENCE.
Security Statement
Cookies
“Cookies” are small encrypted data files that may write to your hard drive once you have accessed a website. Stuckey’s Corporation uses cookies to make shopping on the website easier. Cookies keep track of your shopping cart and save your password so that you do not have to enter it each time you visit the website.
Laws and Regulations
User access to and use of this website is subject to all applicable international, federal, local law, and regulations. By accessing the website, Users agree not to use the website for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by this Agreement. Users may not (i) use this website in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair the website (ii) upload, post, email, or otherwise send or transmit any material that (a) contains software viruses or any other computer code, files, or programs designed to interrupt, destroy, or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment; (b) contains third-party trademarks, service marks, copyrights, or other proprietary rights without the prior written consent and approval of the third-party owner(s); or (c) is profane, defamatory, obscene, violent, sexual, or discriminatory; (iii) interfere with the servers of networks connected to the website; or (iv) violate any of the terms and conditions, procedures, policies, or regulation of networks connected to the website. Any attempt by any person to undermine the legitimate operation of this website may be a violation of criminal and civil law, and, should such an attempt be made, Stuckey’s Corporation reserves the right to seek damages from any such person to the fullest extent permitted by law. Stuckey’s Corporation’s failure to enforce any of these terms and conditions shall not constitute a waiver of that or any other provision in the Agreement.
No Warranties
Stuckey’s Corporation uses reasonable efforts to include accurate and up-to-date information on the website; however, Stuckey’s Corporation makes no warranties or representations as to the accuracy of this information. Stuckey’s Corporation assumes no liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions in the content of the website, any failures, delays, or interruptions in the delivery of any content contained on the website, or any losses or damages arising from the use of the content provided by the website.
Restriction of Liability
Stuckey’s Corporation assumes no liability, and shall not be liable for, any damages to, or viruses that may infect a User’s computer equipment or other property due to the User’s access, browsing on, or use of, the website, or the User’s downloading of any materials, data, text, images, video, or audio from the website. Stuckey’s Corporation assumes no liability, and shall not be liable for, any harm resulting from the independently created content of an electronic postcard or other electronic communication sent through the website.
Stuckey’s Corporation is not responsible for any third party products or services offered on the website. To the fullest extent allowable by law, Stuckey’s Corporation specifically disclaims any representations or warranties, express or implied, regarding any third party products and/or services offered on the website.
Submissions
Stuckey’s Corporation does not solicit any comments, information, ideas, concepts, graphics, photographs, music, artwork, copy, suggestions, know-how, or techniques contained in any communication (Submission) that a User may send to Stuckey’s Corporation through this website or through electronic mail. Stuckey’s Corporation will not treat any Submission as confidential or proprietary and is free to use any Submission without compensation, acknowledgment or payment to such User and for any purpose whatsoever.
Links
Stuckey’s Corporation is not responsible for the content of any websites that may be linked to or from www.stuckeys.com. Any such links are accessed at the User’s risk.
Trademarks & Copyrights
All trademarks, logos, and service marks displayed on the website are registered and unregistered Trademarks of Stuckey’s Corporation and/or third parties (collectively the Trademarks). Users may not use, copy, reproduce, republish, download, post, transmit, distribute, or modify these Trademarks in any way. The use of Stuckey’s Corporation’s trademarks on any other website is strictly prohibited. All of the materials contained on the website are copyrighted. Stuckey’s Corporation will aggressively enforce its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law, including the seeking of criminal prosecution. Stuckey’s Corporation neither warrants nor represents that your use of materials displayed on the website will not infringe rights of third parties not affiliated with Stuckey’s Corporation. Use of any materials on the website is at User’s own risk.
Notice and Take Down Procedures
If you believe any content present on this website infringes your copyright, you may request that such content be removed from this website by following the notice and take down procedures of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act. To initiate that process, please provide the following information to the copyright agent identified below.
A clear statement identifying the work(s) believed to be infringed.
A statement from the copyright holder of the work(s) believed to be infringed.
Information about the location of the allegedly infringing work(s) sufficient for location of the work(s).
Your name, telephone number, and email address.
A statement from you that the information supplied is accurate, and that you are authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf.
A signature or the electronic equivalent from the copyright holder or authorized representative.
For copyright issues relating to this website,please contact our Customer Service Department.
Indemnity
By using this website, each User accepts all responsibility for, and hereby indemnifies and holds harmless Stuckey’s Corporation, and each of its officers, directors, employees, shareholders, affiliates, successors and assigns from and against any claims that may arise from actions taken by such User on or in connection with the website.
Venue and Jurisdiction
Stuckey’s Corporation makes no representations that the content of this website is legal for use from outside the United States. Any use outside the United States is at the User’s own risk. All issues concerning the construction, validity, interpretation, and enforce ability of this Agreement, or the rights and obligations of Users and Stuckey’s Corporation in connection with this website, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of Georgia, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law rules or provisions that would cause application of the laws of any other jurisdiction.
Severability
If any provision of this Agreement is found to be invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, such provision shall be severed from the Agreement, which will otherwise remain in full force and effect.
Entire Agreement
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between you and Stuckey’s Corporation concerning your use of this website. This Agreement may not be modified except in writing, signed by both User and Stuckey’s Corporation.
Note
This website is not a franchise offering. A franchise offering can be made by Stuckey’s Corporation only in a state if Stuckey’s Corporation is first registered, excluded, exempted, or otherwise qualified to offer franchises in that state, and only if you are provided with an appropriate franchise offering circular. Follow-up or individualized response to you will be made only if Stuckey’s Corporation is in compliance with state registration requirements. The following states regulate the offer and sale of franchises:
California, Florida, Hawaii, Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Maryland, Michigan, Minnesota, Nebraska, New York, North Dakota, Oregon, Rhode Island, South Dakota, Texas, Utah, Virginia, Washington, Wisconsin.
If you reside in one of these states, or even if you reside elsewhere, you may have certain rights under applicable franchise laws or regulations.
Pecan Log Rolls
Menu Item
PLR CANDY – FULL PACKS
Pecan Log Rolls – 2 oz.
Pecan Log Rolls – 4 oz.
Pecan Log Rolls – 6 oz.
Pecan Log Rolls – 10 oz. Jumbo
Menu Item
PLR CANDY – 1/2 PACKS
Pecan Log Rolls – 2 oz.
Pecan Log Rolls – 4 oz.
Pecan Log Rolls – 6 oz.
Pecan Log Rolls – 10 oz.
View All Departments….
Menu Item
HOLIDAY Rest Stops
Claxton Fruit Cake
Christmas Ornament
The Pecan “BLOG” Roll
Visit our GUESTBOOK!
Follow us on FACEBOOK
Follow us on INSTAGRAM
Candy & Chocolate
Menu Item
FULL PACKS
Pecan Pralines – 1.5 oz.
Pecan Divinity Bars – 1.7 oz.
Peanut Log Roll – 4 oz.
Rock Candy – 6 Flavors!
Gold Miner’s Gum
Menu Item
1/2 PACKS – Candy
Pecan Pralines – 1.5 oz.
Peanut Rolls – 4 oz.
Pecan Divinity – 1.7 oz.
View All Departments…
Menu Item
CHOCOLATE & CANDY
Milk Chocolate Meltaways
Milk Chocolate Almonds
Milk Chocolate PB crunch
Milk Chocolate Pecans
White Chocolate Meltaways
Glazed Pecans
Popcorn & Nuts
Menu Item
PECANS – Absolutely Delicious
Toasted & Salted Pecans
Honey Roasted Pecans
Vanilla Bourbon Pecans
Honey Cinnamon Pecans
Honey Glazed Pecans
Front Porch Pecans – Barbeque
Front Porch Pecans – Maple
Menu Item
CASHEWS & PEANUTS
Toasted & Salted Whole Cashews
Honey Roasted Cashews
Salt & Pepper Cashews
Toasted & Salted Peanuts
Honey Roasted Peanuts
View All Of Our Departments….
Menu Item
Popcorn Favorites!
Original Caramel Popcorn
Peanut Butter Popcorn
Cinnamon Toast Popcorn
Birthday Cake Popcorn
Funfetti Celebration Popcorn
Hunkey Dorey Popcorn
Shirts, Hats & Slippy’s
Menu Item
T-SHIRTS & Hats
“Bundle It Up” Special Box
Pecan Log Roll Beer T-Shirt
Retro Logo Baseball Cap
“Your Needs Under One Roof” T-Shirt
“Your Needs Under One Roof” Grey T-Shirt
“Find Highway Happiness” Red Logo T-Shirt
“Fine Candies” Happy Family T-Shirt
Menu Item
Coffee Mugs – Refresh Yourself!
Breakfast Billboard Coffee Mug
Candy Shoppe Coffee Mug
Classic Billboard Coffee Mug
On The Road Again Coffee Mug
Original Pecan Roll Coffee Mug
Relax, Refresh, Refuel Coffee Mug
Turquoise Roof Coffee Mug
Menu Item
Bar Sets, Clocks & Mirrors
Roadside Highway Mirror
Checkered Red Neon Clock
Checkered Pub Stool
Checkered Pub Table
SLIPPY’S BEVERAGE HOLDERS
Cup O Joe’ – Slippy’s
Pecan Log Roll – Slippy’s
Nostalgic Treats & More
Menu Item
SOUTHERN FAVORITES
Anastasia 2 Pack Patties
Anastasia 12 oz..Gift Box
Almond Logs
Crown Macaroons
Crown Haystacks
View All Departments…
Menu Item
Goo-Goo Clusters
Goo Goo – Original
Goo Goo – Supreme
Goo-Goo – Peanut Butter
1/2 Pack – Goo Goo’s Assorted
1/2 Pack – Goo Goo “Original”
1/2 Pack – Goo Goo “Supreme”
Menu Item
OTHER COOL MERCH…
The Ultimate Stuckey’s Puzzle
Original Moon Pies
Rubber Alligators
Coonskin Caps
The “Drinking” Bird
The “Reckon’ Ball
Gift Sets, Tins & More
Menu Item
RETRO BOX GIFTS SETS
LARGE Sampler Retro Box
SMALL Sampler Retro Box
PECAN-Tastic Retro Gift Box
Southern Comfort Retro Gift Box
“Take A Stuckey’s Stop” Retro Box
“Popcorn Sampler” Gift Box
The “Nutty” Box
Menu Item
GIFT TINS –
Gift Tin – 2 oz. PLR & 1.7 oz. Pecan Divinity
Gift Tin – Pecan Log Rolls 2 oz.
Gift Tin – Pecan Pralines
Gift Tin – Pecan Log Rolls 4 oz.
Gift Tin – Pecan Divinity Bars 1.7 oz.
Menu Item
OTHER UNIQUE ITEMS…
“Since 1937” – Gray Hoody
Trucker Hat – Black – Coming Soon!
Trucker Hat – Gray – Coming Soon!
Famous Peanut Brittle
RETRO LOGO Wooden Bar Sign
View All Departments…
OTHERAbout Stuckey’s
Letter From Our CEO
Stuckey’s History
Wholesale
Wholesale Account Inquiry
Request a Wholesale Account
Wholesale Account Login
Wholesale Portal
Blog
Communications
800-423-6171
Follow Us —FacebookInstagramPinterest
CartProducts
MC PB Crunch- 16 oz. Bag
$11.99 $10.19
MC PB Pecan Melt Aways- 16 oz. Bag
$11.99 $10.19
Southern Pecan Toffee- 16 oz. Bag
$11.99 $10.19
White Chocolate Mini Pretzels- 16 oz. Bag
$12.99 $11.04
Milk Chocolate Mini Pretzels- 16 oz. Bag
$12.99 $11.04