https://studio.fabrics-store.com/?r=terms-conditions
F S
Winners announcedCREATE 2020 CONTESTOwn your talent. Celebrate, rejoice, share!
CONTESTS
View
All
Do you think you have what it takes to win a Fabrics-store.com contest? Enter a contest now
and you could be our next top talent!
CREATE
2020
WINNERS ANNOUNCED
I LOVE LINEN CONTEST 2019
WINNERS ANNOUNCED
I LOVE LINEN CONTEST 2018
WINNERS ANNOUNCED
LATEST
ENTRIES
View
All
Get by the minute updates of who's submitting what to which contest.
Alana
Dallas TX
66 Votes
Julie
Pahoa HI
52 Votes
Joy
Portland ME
1 Vote
Alisha
ST PETERSBURG FL
36 Votes
GALLERIES
View All
Check out the galleries and talent that fans are loving the most.
Vicky
Jonquiere QC
6 Likes
Melissa
Kentwood MI
6 Likes
Jessica
North Las vegas NV
0 Likes
Dawn
4 Likes
TALENT
View
All
Meet the stars of our community — the talented designers who help make all of this
happen.
Sheila
Phoenix AZ
Justin
Fort Worth TX
Cynthia
Perkins OK
Ivan
ABOUT THE STUDIO
What's The Studio?
Fabrics-store.com's The Studio is a community where you can participate in design contests with
other
talented designers and gain recognition and exposure.
With thousands of independent designers presenting their work online every day, the world of design
is changing rapidly. And so, Fabrics-store.com is changing as well. In this exciting new phase,
we’re introducing a new contest software and opening up the judging to our valued customers and
hand-picked expert designers from around the world.
We hope to encourage a growing, global network of designers creating beautiful works that stand apart
through their creativity, their ability to inspire people and their capacity for craftsmanship.
Fabrics-store.com’s The Studio is an online destination for people with a passion for design, sewing
and an active commitment to bettering their art. Here, designers of all sorts can acknowledge each
other, be stimulated by diverse points of view and thrive through competition.
We believe in the power of self expression through the arts of sewing and design as a way to inspire
others. Fabrics-store.com’s The Studio is a celebration of that belief and an invitation to you to
share your work with the world. We would be honored to have you take part in our new community.
Fabrics-store.com History
In 1998, Nikolai Karpushin founded Fabrics-store.com as a way to sell affordable fabric online in the
United States and introduce people to a natural, timeless textile: 100% linen fabric.
Today, Fabrics-store.com has grown to have one of the largest inventories of European and US linen
fabric online. We provide access to the finest linen fabrics at up to half the cost of our
competitors because we work directly with our mills. That means fewer hidden fees and more fabric
for you.
Why are we unique? We think that what you buy should help the world, not hurt it. Every one of our
fabrics is environmentally friendly and no part of our production causes air, noise or water
pollution. We only sell 100% natural fabrics and believe that wholesome fabric is the better
alternative to today's synthetic textiles.
Our team is eager to help you and we hope you become a long friend of our creative community.
Mission
To inspire creativity and sell products that help the world.
Fabrics-store.com Privacy Policy
We would like to extend the best exchange/return policy to our customers.
If you are dissatisfied with your purchase, for any reason, please call Customer Service Department
at 1-866-620-2008 from 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. PST or by emailing ask@fabrics-store.com within 30
days from receipt of goods.
Address your return to:
Fabrics-store.com
6013 Scott Way
Commerce CA 90040
Fabric: Please return the fabric in its original condition (unwashed, uncut and unaltered).
Fabric Samples: we do not accept returns of samples at this time.
Printed Pattern: may be returned in any condition. Please specify reason for return when speaking
with Customer Service about your return.
Please include your contact information with the returned merchandise. An email associated with your
account or original order number of the return will suffice - we just need a way to reach out to you
once we’ve received the return to know who to refund and for what.
Ship your package using a trackable shipping method and packaged so that damages are not incurred
during transit. Please keep the tracking details for your records. We do not refund shipping costs
on returns. Fabrics-store.com doesn’t accept responsibility for packages we do not ship that are
lost in transit and reserves the right to deduct monies owed for damages on returned fabric.
You will receive an email notifying you once we’ve received the return. Once the warehouse verifies
the returned goods - we will issue your refund to the original form of payment.
Please also note that the items must also fall within our 30 day time frame in order to receive a
refund to your original payment method. All returns that are over 30 days must receive special
approval and will be issued a store credit only.
International customers: customs duties are not refundable through Fabrics-store.com. You may be able
to get reimbursed for these by contacting your local customs bureau.
If a product is delivered to a customer, that is physically damaged, Fabrics-store.com will issue a
replacement copy of the product. Please email Fabrics-store.com customer service at [ask] [@]
[fabrics-store.com] within 5 business days of receiving the product to tell us about the nature of
the damage and to arrange for a new product to be sent to you at Fabrics-store.com's expense.
The warehouse processes your return within 3 business days and notifies accounting to make a refund.
Credit card companies can take 3-5 business days to reflect the refund transaction on their
statement. If you do not see the refund after this time, please contact us.
We do our best to offer the most convenient for you return/exchange policy. We do monitor the number
of returns and reasons for the returns. If continued returns are in breach with our policy, an
account may be flagged and may, at our discretion, lead to the closure of your FS account. If this
applies to your account, we may contact you.
You may read the full Terms and Conditions HERE.
Accessibility Statement
Accessibility Statement for Studio.fabrics-store.com
The Studio at Fabrics-store.com is committed to ensuring digital accessibility for people with disabilities. We are continually improving user experience for everyone and applying the relevant accessibility standards.
Guidelines and Standards
This website endeavors to conform to level Double-A of the World Wide Web
Consortium (W3C) Web
Content Accessibility Guidelines 2.0.
These guidelines explain how to make web content more accessible for people
with disabilities. Conformance with these guidelines will help make the web
more user friendly for all people.
This site has been built using code compliant with W3C standards for HTML
and CSS. The site displays correctly in current browsers and using standards
compliant HTML/CSS code means any future browsers will also display it
correctly.
Feedback
We welcome your feedback on the accessibility of Fabrics-store.com. Please
let us know if you encounter accessibility barriers on our website:
Phone: 866-620-2008
E-mail: Contact Us
by Mail: 6013 Scott Way, Commerce, CA 90040 US
More Information
All Fabrics-store.com services and information are also
available by calling 866-620-2008
Terms & Conditions
1. Your Acceptance
BY USING OR VISITING THIS WEBSITE (together with all Content available through the Fabrics-store.com
domain name and other sites owned, operated or controlled by Creative Work Media, Inc. the
"Website"), OR SUBMITTING CONTENT TO THIS WEBSITE, YOU SIGNIFY YOUR ASSENT TO (1) THESE TERMS AND
CONDITIONS (the "Terms & Conditions") These Terms & Conditions apply to all users of the Website. If
you do not agree to these Terms & Conditions, the Privacy Policy, then please do not use the
Website.
2. Fabrics-store.com The Studio Website
These Terms of Service apply to all users of the Fabrics-store.com Website, including users who are
also contributors of photo and any image content, information, and other materials or services on
the Website. The Fabrics-store.com Website may contain links to third party websites that are not
owned or controlled by Fabrics-store.com. Fabrics-store.com has no control over, and assumes no
responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party websites. In
addition, Fabrics-store.com will not and cannot censor or edit the content of any third-party site.
By using the Website, you expressly relieve Fabrics-store.com from any and all liability arising
from your use of any third-party website. Accordingly, we encourage you to be aware when you leave
the Fabrics-store.com Website and to read the terms and conditions and privacy policy of each other
website that you visit.
3. Website Access
A. Fabrics-store.com hereby grants you permission to use the Website as set forth in this Terms of
Service, provided that: (i) your use of the Website as permitted is solely for your personal,
noncommercial use; (ii) you will not copy or distribute any part of the Website in any medium
without Fabrics-store.com 's prior written authorization; (iii) you will not alter or modify any
part of the Website other than as may be reasonably necessary to use the Website for its intended
purpose; and (iv) you will otherwise comply with the terms and conditions of these Terms of Service.
B. In order to access some features of the Website, you will have to create an account. You may
never use another's account without permission. When creating your account, you must provide
accurate and complete information. You are solely responsible for the activity that occurs on your
account, and you must keep your account password secure. You must notify Fabrics-store.com
immediately of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your account. Although
Fabrics-store.com will not be liable for your losses caused by any unauthorized use of your account,
you may be liable for the losses of Fabrics-store.com or others due to such unauthorized use. C.
You agree not to use or launch any automated system, including without limitation, "robots,"
"spiders," "offline readers," , "Automated voting", etc., that accesses the Website in a manner that
sends more request messages to the Fabrics-store.com servers in a given period of time than a human
can reasonably produce in the same period by using a convention on-line web browser. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, Fabrics-store.com grants the operators of public search engines permission to use
spiders to copy materials from the site for the sole purpose of creating publicly available
searchable indices of the materials, but not caches or archives of such materials. Fabrics-store.com
reserves the right to revoke these exceptions either generally or in specific cases. You agree not
to collect or harvest any personally identifiable information, including account names, from the
Website, nor to use the communication systems provided by the Website for any commercial
solicitation purposes. You agree not to solicit, for commercial purposes, any users of the Website
with respect to their User Submissions. All website products, contests and services are voided where
prohibited by law.
4. Intellectual Property Rights
Fabrics-store.com does not claim ownership of Content you submit or make available for inclusion on
the website. Legally, ownership of the submitted files is maintained by User at all times. However,
with respect to Content you submit or make available for inclusion on publicly accessible areas of
the website, you grant Fabrics-store.com, Partners and Sponsors the following worldwide,
royalty-free and non-exclusive license(s), as applicable:
User Submissions
The Fabrics-store.com Website may now or in the future permit the submission of photos and image
files or other communications submitted by you and other users ("User Submissions") and the hosting,
sharing, and/or publishing of such User Submissions. You understand that whether or not such User
Submissions are published, Fabrics-store.com does not guarantee any confidentiality with respect to
any submissions. You retain all rights to your work. By submitting your work here, you grant
Fabrics-store.com, Contest Sponsors and Partners the right to provide exposure to your photo when
selected as winners or awarded by: put it on the web, and use it in the promotion of
Fabrics-store.com. All used images are credited to photographer and will not be used in a commercial
manner. Any use of the images will be solely used in the context of promoting the contests
submissions, Website, and Users at the website's discretion with no additional compensation owed to
User. Contests may have additional terms of participation within the 'rules' section of the specific
contest. The foregoing not withstanding, User shall at all times retain all copyright interest in
any and all images submitted. You may also receive an invitation to participate in a
Fabrics-store.com show or publication. B. You shall be solely responsible for your own User
Submissions and the consequences of posting or publishing them. In connection with User Submissions,
you affirm, represent, and/or warrant that: (i) you own or have the necessary licenses, rights,
consents, and permissions to use and authorize Fabrics-store.com to use all patent, trademark, trade
secret, copyright or other proprietary rights in and to any and all User Submissions to enable
inclusion and use of the User Submissions in the manner contemplated by the Website and these Terms
of Service; and (ii) you have the written consent, release, and/or permission of each and every
identifiable individual person in the User Submission to use the name or likeness of each and every
such identifiable individual person to enable inclusion and use of the User Submissions in the
manner contemplated by the Website and these Terms of Service. For clarity, you retain all of your
ownership rights in your User Submissions. However, by submitting the User Submissions to
Fabrics-store.com, you hereby grant Fabrics-store.com a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free,
sublicenseable and transferable license to display content to other users and visitors. With respect
to Content you submit or make available for inclusion on publicly accessible areas of
Fabrics-store.com, the license to use, distribute, reproduce, modify, adapt, publicly perform and
publicly display such Content on the Service solely for the purposes of providing and promoting the
specific Fabrics-store.com file to which such Content was submitted or made available. This license
exists only for as long as you elect to continue to include such Content on the Service and will
terminate at the time you remove or Fabrics-store.com removes such Content from the Service.
"Publicly accessible" areas of the Service are those areas of the Fabrics-store.com are intended by
Fabrics-store.com to be available to the general public. By way of example, publicly accessible
areas of the Service would include Fabrics-store.com Message Boards and portions of
Fabrics-store.com Groups, Photos and sharing that are open to both members and visitors. However,
publicly accessible areas of the Service would not include portions of Fabrics-store.com that are
limited to members, or areas off of Fabrics-store.com of properties such as portions of World Wide
Web sites that are accessible via hypertext or other links but are not hosted or served by
Fabrics-store.com. C. In connection with User Submissions, you further agree that you will not: (i)
submit material that is copyrighted, protected by trade secret or otherwise subject to third party
proprietary rights, including privacy and publicity rights, unless you are the owner of such rights
or have permission from their rightful owner to post the material and to grant Fabrics-store.com all
of the license rights granted herein; (ii) publish falsehoods or misrepresentations that could
damage Fabrics-store.com or any third party; (iii) submit material that is unlawful, obscene,
defamatory, libelous, threatening, pornographic, harassing, hateful, racially or ethnically
offensive, or encourages conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, give rise to civil
liability, violate any law, or is otherwise inappropriate; (iv) post advertisements or solicitations
of business: (v) impersonate another person. Fabrics-store.com does not endorse any User Submission
or any opinion, recommendation, or advice expressed therein, and Fabrics-store.com expressly
disclaims any and all liability in connection with User Submissions. Fabrics-store.com does not
permit copyright infringing activities and infringement of intellectual property rights on its
Website, and Fabrics-store.com will remove all Content and User Submissions if properly notified
that such Content or User Submission infringes on another's intellectual property rights.
Fabrics-store.com reserves the right to remove Content, Close accounts and User Submissions without
prior notice. Fabrics-store.com will also terminate a User's access to its Website, if they are
determined to be an infringer. Fabrics-store.com also reserves the right to decide whether Content
or a User Submission is appropriate and complies with these Terms of Service for violations other
than copyright infringement and violations of intellectual property law, such as, but not limited
to, pornography, obscene or defamatory material, or excessive length. Fabrics-store.com may remove
such User Submissions and/or terminate a User's access for uploading such material in violation of
these Terms of Service at any time, without prior notice and at its sole discretion. D. In
particular, if you are a copyright owner or an agent thereof and believe that any User Submission or
other content infringes upon your copyrights, you may submit a notification pursuant to the Digital
Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA") by providing our Copyright Agent with the following information in
writing (see 17 U.S.C 512(c)(3) for further detail): (i) A physical or electronic signature of a
person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;
(ii) Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple
copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative
list of such works at that site; (iii) Identification of the material that is claimed to be
infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which
is to be disabled and information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to locate the
material; (iv) Information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to contact you, such
as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail; (v) A statement that you
have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by
the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and (vi) A statement that the information in the
notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of
the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed. E. You understand that when using the
Fabrics-store.com Website, you will be exposed to User Submissions from a variety of sources, and
that Fabrics-store.com is not responsible for the accuracy, usefulness, safety, or intellectual
property rights of or relating to such User Submissions. You further understand and acknowledge that
you may be exposed to User Submissions that are inaccurate, offensive, indecent, or objectionable,
and you agree to waive, and hereby do waive, any legal or equitable rights or remedies you have or
may have against Fabrics-store.com with respect thereto, and agree to indemnify and hold
Fabrics-store.com, its Owners/Operators, affiliates, and/or licensors, harmless to the fullest
extent allowed by law regarding all matters related to your use of the site. F. The Website may
choose to provide resident or guest judging for specific contests, themes, challenges and other
activities, the decisions of the Judges are final and binding on all matters relating to the
selection of winners. The Finalists will be judged on the Judges' sole and unfettered discretion.
Voting and People's Choice results, the submission with the most votes will be deemed the winner
from among the Submissions. Submissions with the same total votes will be re-judged using the same
criteria. All Submissions and votes will be retained until eligible winners are chosen for all
prizes. Once a Submission or a User is deemed ineligible, however, the Submission will be discarded
and not further considered.
5. The content on the Fabrics-store.com Website
Except all User Submissions (as defined below), including without limitation, the text, software,
scripts, graphics, photos, sounds, music, videos, interactive features and the like ("Content") and
the trademarks, service marks and logos contained therein ("Marks"), are owned by or licensed to
Fabrics-store.com, subject to copyright and other intellectual property rights under United States
and foreign laws and international conventions. Content on the Website is provided to you AS IS for
your information and personal use only and may not be used, copied, reproduced, distributed,
transmitted, broadcast, displayed, sold, licensed, or otherwise exploited for any other purposes
whatsoever without the prior written consent of the respective owners. Fabrics-store.com reserves
all rights not expressly granted in and to the Website and the Copyright and all rights of Content
belong to the User. You agree to not engage in the use, copying, or distribution of any of the
Content other than expressly permitted herein, including any use, copying, or distribution of User
Submissions of third parties obtained through the Website for any commercial purposes. If you
download or print a copy of the Content for personal use, you must retain all copyright and other
proprietary notices contained therein. You agree not to circumvent, disable or otherwise interfere
with security related features of the Fabrics-store.com Website or features that prevent or restrict
use or copying of any Content or enforce limitations on use of the Fabrics-store.com Website or the
Content therein. You may not harvest or collect information, including screen names, about other
members or users of the Services. The use of any information learned through the Services is limited
to the express purposes set forth in these Terms of Use; all other uses, including, without
limitation, sending unsolicited bulk e-mail, are strictly prohibited.
6. Warranty Disclaimer
YOU AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE FABRICS-STORE.COM WEBSITE SHALL BE AT YOUR SOLE RISK. TO THE FULLEST
EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, FABRICS-STORE.COM, ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AND AGENTS DISCLAIM
ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, IN CONNECTION WITH THE WEBSITE AND YOUR USE THEREOF.
FABRICS-STORE.COM MAKES NO WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS ABOUT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THIS
SITE'S CONTENT OR THE CONTENT OF ANY SITES LINKED TO THIS SITE AND ASSUMES NO LIABILITY OR
RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY (I) ERRORS, MISTAKES, OR INACCURACIES OF CONTENT, (II) PERSONAL INJURY OR
PROPERTY DAMAGE, OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER, RESULTING FROM YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF OUR WEBSITE,
(III) ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR USE OF OUR SECURE SERVERS AND/OR ANY AND ALL PERSONAL
INFORMATION AND/OR FINANCIAL INFORMATION STORED THEREIN, (IV) ANY INTERRUPTION OR CESSATION OF
TRANSMISSION TO OR FROM OUR WEBSITE, (IV) ANY BUGS, VIRUSES, TROJAN HORSES, OR THE LIKE WHICH MAY BE
TRANSMITTED TO OR THROUGH OUR WEBSITE BY ANY THIRD PARTY, AND/OR (V) ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN ANY
CONTENT OR FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND INCURRED AS A RESULT OF THE USE OF ANY CONTENT POSTED,
EMAILED, TRANSMITTED, OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE VIA THE FABRICS-STORE.COM WEBSITE.
FABRICS-STORE.COM DOES NOT WARRANT, ENDORSE, GUARANTEE, OR ASSUME RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY PRODUCT OR
SERVICE ADVERTISED OR OFFERED BY A THIRD PARTY THROUGH THE FABRICS-STORE.COM WEBSITE OR ANY
HYPERLINKED WEBSITE OR FEATURED IN ANY BANNER OR OTHER ADVERTISING, AND FABRICS-STORE.COM WILL NOT
BE A PARTY TO OR IN ANY WAY BE RESPONSIBLE FOR MONITORING ANY TRANSACTION BETWEEN YOU AND
THIRD-PARTY PROVIDERS OF PRODUCTS OR SERVICES. AS WITH THE PURCHASE OF A PRODUCT OR SERVICE THROUGH
ANY MEDIUM OR IN ANY ENVIRONMENT, YOU SHOULD USE YOUR BEST JUDGMENT AND EXERCISE CAUTION WHERE
APPROPRIATE.
7. Limitation of Liability
IN NO EVENT SHALL FABRICS-STORE.COM, ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, OR AGENTS, BE LIABLE TO YOU
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER
RESULTING FROM ANY (I) ERRORS, MISTAKES, OR INACCURACIES OF CONTENT, (II) PERSONAL INJURY OR
PROPERTY DAMAGE, OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER, RESULTING FROM YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF OUR WEBSITE,
(III) ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR USE OF OUR SECURE SERVERS AND/OR ANY AND ALL PERSONAL
INFORMATION AND/OR FINANCIAL INFORMATION STORED THEREIN, (IV) ANY INTERRUPTION OR CESSATION OF
TRANSMISSION TO OR FROM OUR WEBSITE, (IV) ANY BUGS, VIRUSES, TROJAN HORSES, OR THE LIKE, WHICH MAY
BE TRANSMITTED TO OR THROUGH OUR WEBSITE BY ANY THIRD PARTY, AND/OR (V) ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN
ANY CONTENT OR FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND INCURRED AS A RESULT OF YOUR USE OF ANY CONTENT
POSTED, EMAILED, TRANSMITTED, OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE VIA THE FABRICS-STORE.COM WEBSITE, WHETHER
BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT, OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, AND WHETHER OR NOT THE COMPANY IS
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THE FOREGOING LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL APPLY TO THE
FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW IN THE APPLICABLE JURISDICTION. YOU SPECIFICALLY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT
FABRICS-STORE.COM SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR USER SUBMISSIONS OR THE DEFAMATORY, OFFENSIVE, OR ILLEGAL
CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY AND THAT THE RISK OF HARM OR DAMAGE FROM THE FOREGOING RESTS ENTIRELY
WITH YOU. The Website is controlled and offered by Fabrics-store.com from its facilities in the
United States of America. Fabrics-store.com makes no representations that the Fabrics-store.com
Website is appropriate or available for use in other locations. Those who access or use the
Fabrics-store.com Website from other jurisdictions do so at their own volition and are responsible
for compliance with local law.
8. Indemnity
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Fabrics-store.com, its parent corporation, officers,
directors, employees and agents, from and against any and all claims, damages, obligations, losses,
liabilities, costs or debt, and expenses (including but not limited to attorney's fees) arising
from: (i) your use of and access to the Fabrics-store.com Website; (ii) your violation of any term
of these Terms of Service; (iii) your violation of any third party right, including without
limitation any copyright, property, or privacy right; or (iv) any claim that one of your User
Submissions caused damage to a third party. This defense and indemnification obligation will survive
these Terms of Service and your use of the Fabrics-store.com Website. 8.1 You agree to defend,
indemnify and hold harmless Fabrics-store.com, its parent corporation, officers, directors,
employees and agents, from and against any and all claims, damages, obligations, losses,
liabilities, costs or debt, and expenses (including but not limited to attorney's fees) arising
from: the Fabrics-store.com Website or Fabrics-store.com's third party server failure, deficiency,
collapse or any other circumstance resulting in a complete loss of digital property and/or
documents, any and all User submissions. Fabrics-store.com is a platform designed for storage and
sharing of files, users are responsible to always maintain an original copy of any submitted file in
case of a complete loss.
9. Ability to Accept Terms of Service
You affirm that you are either more than 18 years of age, or an emancipated minor, or possess legal
parental or guardian consent, and are fully able and competent to enter into the terms, conditions,
obligations, affirmations, representations, and warranties set forth in these Terms of Service, and
to abide by and comply with these Terms of Service. In any case, you affirm that you are over the
age of 13, as the Fabrics-store.com Website is not intended for children under 13. If you are under
13 years of age, then please do not use the Fabrics-store.com Website; there are lots of other great
web sites for you. Talk to your parents about what sites are appropriate for you.
10. Assignment
These Terms of Service, and any rights and licenses granted hereunder, may not be transferred or
assigned by you, but may be assigned by Fabrics-store.com without restriction.
11. General
You agree that: (i) the Fabrics-store.com Website shall be deemed solely based in California; and
(ii) the Fabrics-store.com Website shall be deemed a passive website that does not give rise to
personal jurisdiction over Fabrics-store.com, either specific or general, in jurisdictions other
than California. These Terms of Service shall be governed by the internal substantive laws of the
State of California, without respect to its conflict of laws principles. Any claim or dispute
between you and Fabrics-store.com that arises in whole or in part from the Fabrics-store.com Website
shall be decided exclusively by a court of competent jurisdiction located in Los Angeles,
California. These Terms of Service, together with the Privacy Notice and any other legal notices
published by Fabrics-store.com on the Website, shall constitute the entire agreement between you and
Fabrics-store.com concerning the Fabrics-store.com Website. If any provision of these Terms of
Service is deemed invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision
shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these Terms of Service, which shall
remain in full force and effect. No waiver of any term of this these Terms of Service shall be
deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or any other term, and Fabrics-store.com's
failure to assert any right or provision under these Terms of Service shall not constitute a waiver
of such right or provision. Fabrics-store.com reserves the right to amend these Terms of Service at
any time and without notice, and it is your responsibility to review these Terms of Service for any
changes. Your use of the Fabrics-store.com Website following any amendment of these Terms of Service
will signify your assent to and acceptance of its revised terms. YOU AND FABRICS-STORE.COM AGREE
THAT ANY CAUSE OF ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THE FABRICS-STORE.COM WEBSITE MUST COMMENCE
WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER THE CAUSE OF ACTION ACCRUES. OTHERWISE, SUCH CAUSE OF ACTION IS
PERMANENTLY BARRED.
12. USER REWARDS AND PAYMENTS
You agree that:
VERIFICATION OF WINNERS AND DELIVERY OF PRIZES
The Fabrics-store.com team, deemed as resident judges/curators or any other assigned team member
can provide a preliminary list of finalists to any guest or exterior judge/curator or partner to
select the grand winner and runners up of a specific contest. After judging and voting to select
prize winners has finished, the potential prize winners will be notified in accordance with the
contact information provided in their respective Submissions by mail, courier, email or other method
chosen by the Website, Partners and the Sponsors in its discretion. Sponsor reserves the right to
verify winners collectively or one or more at a time, as it deems appropriate and expedient in its
discretion, and in whatever order it chooses. To be confirmed as a winner and to be awarded the
prize, User will be required to confirm full legal rights and ownership of Submission.
Should a prize notification or prize addressed to a particular User be returned as
undeliverable, Website, Partner and Sponsor will not resend the notice (whether by the same or
another method), research the User's address nor make any further attempts at delivery. That User
will be deemed.
In the case that winner's shipping address is located in a Country or area designated by Website,
Sponsors and Partners as undeliverable, Website, Sponsors and Partners reserve the rights to provide
a cash payment sent via paypal of equal value of announced prize instead of specific announced
prize.
Winners will be announced after the Required Confirmation is received and the respective winners are
confirmed. Website, Partner and Sponsor reserves the right to announce prize winners collectively,
one at a time, or in any order or clusters as it deems appropriate in its discretion, except that
the winner of the Judged or Most Votes Prize will be announced within thirty (30) days of the date
on which the Required Confirmation are received from such winner. Winners will receive their prizes
within thirty (30) days of Website, Partner and Sponsor announcement of the winners. The reward and
Prize are subject to change at any time without notice in the sole discretion of Website, Partners
and Sponsors.
RELEASES: By entering the Contest, each User releases and holds harmless Website, Partner and
Sponsor, and any participating prize providers, as well as any of their respective parent companies,
subsidiaries, affiliates, directors, officers, employees and agencies (collectively, the "Promotion
Entities"), against any and all claims, demands and liabilities arising out of or relating to the
Contest, User's (and each individual member of User's) participation in the Contest and/or any
Contest-related activity, including, without limitation, from winner's use or misuse of a prize or
any portion thereof. Prize winners assume all liability for any injury or damage caused, or claimed
to be caused, by participation in this Contest and/or use/redemption of any prize.
INTERNET: User agrees to be bound by these Official Rules and the Privacy Policy. Website, Partner
and Sponsor are not responsible for any typographical or other error in the submission, the printing
of the offer, administration of the Contest or the announcement of the prizes. Website, Partner and
Sponsor are not responsible for any electronic transmission errors resulting in omission,
interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operations or transmission, theft or destruction or
unauthorized access to or alterations of entry materials, or for technical, network, telephone
equipment, electronic, computer, hardware or software malfunctions or limitations of any kind, or
inaccurate transmissions of or failure to receive User information by Website, Partner and Sponsor
on account of technical problems or traffic congestion on the Internet or at any website or any
combination thereof. If for any reason the Contest is not capable of running as planned, including
infection by computer virus, bugs, tampering, unauthorized intervention, fraud, technical failures,
or any other similar causes or causes beyond the control of Website, Partner and Sponsor which
corrupt or affect the administration, security, fairness, integrity or proper conduct of this
Contest, then, subject to any governmental approval which may be required, Website, Partner and
Sponsor shall have the right to modify, suspend or terminate the Contest. If technical malfunctions
or suspect voting irregularities corrupt the voting process, Website, Partner and Sponsor reserves
the right, in its sole discretion, to award prizes based solely on the non-suspect votes. In the
event of termination, a notice will be posted on Fabrics-store.com.com and all eligible Submissions
received prior to termination will be judged per these Official Rules. Any use of robotic,
automatic, programmed or similar methods of participation/voting will void all such
submissions/votes by such methods.
DISQUALIFICATION: Website, Partner and Sponsor RESERVES THE RIGHT IN ITS DISCRETION TO
DISQUALIFY ANY PERSON WHO TAMPERS WITH OR IS SUSPECTED OF TAMPERING WITH AN ENTRY AND/OR THE JUDGING
AND VOTING PROCESS, INCLUDING ANY PERSON ATTEMPTING TO SOLICIT, ENCOURAGE OR OBTAIN AUTOMATED VOTES.
IN ADDITION TO THE RIGHTS RETAINED BY Website, Partner and Sponsor SET FORTH IN SECTION 11 ABOVE,
SPONSOR FURTHER RESERVES THE RIGHT IN ITS DISCRETION TO DISQUALIFY ALL VOTES FROM VOTERS THAT ARE
DEEMED TO BE FRAUDULENT. CAUTION: ANY ATTEMPT BY AN USER TO DELIBERATELY DAMAGE ANY WEBSITE,
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE ENTRY SITE, OR UNDERMINE THE LEGITIMATE OPERATION OF THE CONTEST
IS A VIOLATION OF CRIMINAL AND CIVIL LAW. SHOULD SUCH AN ATTEMPT BE MADE, Website, Partner and
Sponsor RESERVES THE RIGHT TO PROSECUTE AND/OR SEEK DAMAGES AND/OR OTHER RELIEF FROM ANY SUCH
ENTRANT TO THE FULLEST EXTENT OF THE LAW.
Payments from Fabrics-store.com to user will be done as a paypal transfer or store credit. User must
own a legitimate paypal account or a valid Fabrics-store.com account in order to receive
payment.
Purchasing A Product On Fabrics-store.com
Users can purchase products on the Fabrics-store.com website using the PayPal system or a valid
credit card. You have to be a Fabrics-store.com member to purchase a product. The price you pay is
final and not negotiable. Orders may not be canceled after it has been submitted. It is the
customer's responsibility to ensure the product delivery address is correct. Fabrics-store.com takes
no responsibility for any product a customer does not receive because of errors in the delivery
address given to us.
Fabrics-store.com may cancel orders
We reserve the right to cancel an order in the event that products may be listed at an incorrect
price or with incorrect information or may be unavailable. This may be due to an error or similar
oversight. We may also cancel an order if we believe that it is being made in infringement of this
agreement, or in violation of the rights of any person or any law. We may cancel an order even if it
has been confirmed and the customer's credit card or PayPal account has been charged. We reserve
this right up until the time of delivery of the product to that customer. If a cancellation of this
nature occurs after the customer has been charged for the product, we will immediately credit the
customer's credit card or PayPal account for the amount in question.
Delivery and Damaged Goods
Delivery will be made by a postal or courier service of Fabrics-store.com’s choice and will be paid
for by the customer at the price indicated at time of purchase. Fabrics-store.com may also charge a
handling fee, depending on the size of the product. If a product is delivered to a customer, that is
physically damaged, Fabrics-store.com will issue a replacement copy of the product. Please email
Fabrics-store.com customer service at ask@fabrics-store.com.com within 5 business days of receiving
the product to tell us about the nature of the damage and to arrange for a new product to be sent to
you at Fabrics-store.com's expense. Please be aware Fabrics-store.com is a member submission online
site, we do not monitor all the content on our website. It is the customer's responsibility to
verify the quality of the content (including but not limited to misspelled words, formatting,
quality or overall appearance) before ordering a product. This damaged goods policy does not apply
to content, only to the physical product
Fabrics-store.com Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey or fill out a form.
Any data we request that is not required, such as your sewing interests, will be specified as voluntary or optional.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, sales tax exemption number, or credit card information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
In other words: We will not ask or keep any information that is not needed for us to provide you with service.
How do I know what happens to my information?
This is called the right to be informed. When we ask you to share your personal information we give you details of why we're using it, including things like:
What we're using it for
How long we'll keep it, and
Who it will be shared with
What are my rights?
The General Data Protection Regulation, or GDPR for short, is one of the biggest changes to data privacy law in recent years. It is designed to put you in control of how your information is collected and used by organisations.
Your data matters
We want to help you to understand these rights and exercise them as easily as possible. They're listed below along with some tips on what to do if you'd like more help.
Financial Information.
Any financial information such as credit card numbers are kept with our third-party payment processors: Authorize.net and PayPal. Fabrics-store.com does not request any financial information unless at the time of placing your order. We do not store any financial information and we will never ask you for your social security number.
What Information We Store.
We store the information you provide us at the time of creating an account or signing up for emails:
Name (as entered in your account)
Email Address
Password
Date you registered
Date of Birth (only if you entered it into your account information)
Photos (only if you entered it into your account information or Studio. You must own all the rights to photos/work you submit and agree that we may use your photos in our promotions)
Order/Subscription History
Fabrics on your wish list
Fabric/Product Reviews
IP Address (for security purposes - logged in posts, reviews and purchase records)
Shipping/Billing Address (as provided in your account info)
Rewards Point Balance
Store Credit Balance
Your Sewing Interests (only if you entered it into your account information)
This data is stored on Fabrics-store.com servers and is not shared with anyone for any reason. It is stored exclusively to allow us to provide services to you, and maintain the security of your account.
Google Analytics.
We do use Google Analytics to better understand your needs and detect any issues you might be having with our website.
Google is a third party vendor. Google uses DART cookie that enables it to serve ads to you based on your visit to Fabrics-store.com and other sites on the Internet. You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
Advertising and Remarketing.
We have and will likely continue to promote our services and products through third-party advertising programs such as Google AdWords, Facebook, Bing, etc.
These campaigns use the advertiser's third-party cookies and tracking software to determine if you've been to our website before, and if so, to better cater the advertising to you. We, ourselves, do not store any of the information gathered by these advertising third parties.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
To improve our website (we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
To process transactions
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested by you.
To send periodic emails
The email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order or request, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, promotions, related product or service information, etc.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature
If, you are participating in a contest or have left comments on the site, we may reach out to you or notify you of activity on your contest entry or comment post.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you submit a request, place an order or access your personal information.
These security measures include: password protected directories and databases to safeguard your information, SSL (Secure Sockets Layered) technology to ensure that your information is fully encrypted and sent across the Internet securely or PCI Scanning to actively protect our servers from hackers and other vulnerabilities.
We offer the use of a secure server for ALL website pages. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers. We will never ask you for social security number or other personal information.
How long will we keep your information?
When you give us any personal information we'll let you know how long we'll hold it for. If we don't say anything we stick to these principles:
We only hold your information for as long as we do the activities we told you about
We think about what type of information it is, the amount collected, how sensitive it might be and any legal requirements
We design our services so that we don't hold your information any longer than we have to
We always think about the potential risk from anyone using or sharing this information without permission
We may close your account if you haven't used it in the last year. We'll send you an email to tell you that we plan to do this before we delete anything, so please check to see if we've sent you any emails about this
Do we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
No - we do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Right to Erasure
If you would like to request to have your personal information removed from our servers, you may do so by submitting a request via our
Customer Service
form.
All requests will be addressed within the time frame required under new GDPR policies. However, keep in mind that removing your data is permanent and will result in the cancelation of any current-active services without refund such as Reward Points, loyalty discounts or other benefits accrued during your account's history.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
As part of the California Online Privacy Protection Act, all users of our site may make any changes to their information at anytime by logging into their control panel and going to the 'Account' page.
Children's Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Children's Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
CAN-SPAM Compliance
We have taken the necessary steps to ensure that we are compliant with the CAN-SPAM Act of 2003 by never sending out misleading information.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at
terms and conditions.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below. Policy changes will apply only to information collected after the date of the change.
This policy was last modified on 1/30/2020
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
Fabrics-store.com
ATTN: Web Team
7215 Santa Monica Blvd.
West Hollywood, CA 90046
US
ask @fabrics-store.com
1-866-620-2008
Privacy Policy Customer Pledge
We pledge to you, our customer, that we have made a dedicated effort to bring our privacy policy in line with the following important privacy laws and initiatives:
Federal Trade Commission Fair
California Online Privacy Protection Act
California Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA")
Children's Online Privacy Protection Act
Privacy Alliance
Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited Pornography and Marketing Act
EU's General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
Web Accessibility Toolbar
Font Resize:
A-
A+
Choose Color:
Highlight Links
Reset
RETURNING CUSTOMERS:
Sign in to your account
Email
Password
Login
Forgot your
password?
NEW CUSTOMERS:
Create an account
Email
First Name
Last Name
Password
Continue
Forgot your password?
Please enter your e-mail to reset your password
Continue