https://superchargersonline.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to contentSuperchargersOnline.com is committed to protecting your privacy. That’s because we base our business on the trust you place in us. The information we collect is gathered to ensure secure ordering and to provide a more personalized shopping experience. See below for detailed information about how we protect your personal information. If you have any concerns, comments or complaints, be sure to let us know.How much information must you share?The amount of information we collect depends on you. We only collect the information needed for secure ordering and customizing your experience. See below to find out what information is required for what task.Browse onlineIP address – We use IP addresses to measure our site traffic and to help provide a relevant shopping experience. Your IP address is not linked to your customer information.Referral site – If you come to our site via a link, the location of the referral is captured. This is used to help us know where our users come from.Browser type – This information is captured to help us optimize our site to match the latest technology used by our customers.Movements through our site – We keep track of pages you visit to help us provide a more personalized and relevant shopping experience.Purchase product online from SuperchargersOnline.comName, address, telephone number and payment information, although credit card and PO numbers may be phoned in as an alternative. SuperchargersOnline does not store any credit card numbers onto any database. Once credit card numbers are entered into our secure ordering checkout, it is then processed through the merchant bank which only process the credit card. We will never store or recored any credit card numbers for your protection.Contest entries, surveys and other registrationsName, e-mail and phone number, but varies by promotion or purpose. See special note on contests below. When registering for our free tech support online we gather an extensive profile. This information is used to help us profile our customers.Is your information used for any other purpose?We require only the personal information that is needed for safely processing your online order and for contacting you about your transactions. It is used exclusively for that purpose. If you become a SuperchargersOnline.com customer, you may receive catalog mailings from us. If you would prefer not to receive these, please email us.Will your information be given to any other party?Your personal information is NOT shared with any other party.Do you purchase information about your customers from other companies?Yes, we occasionally purchase third party information about companies that are our customers. We do not purchase any personal customer information. The company information we purchase includes size of company, number of employees and annual sales. This is used for customizing the user experience online and for supplementing our internal sales information.What about e-mail?SuperchargersOnline.com, as a company, does not send unsolicited e-mail. If someone has signed you up for one of our e-mail newsletters without your permission, simply forward it to newsletter@superchargersonline.com and we’ll happily unsubscribe you. If you’ve been having any trouble unsubscribing, let us know and we’ll troubleshoot the issue for you. When you purchase online from SuperchargersOnline.com, we will contact you by e-mail to confirm your order and to update you on the status of your order.NOTE: Your account manager may occasionally send you promotional or product information. If you do not wish to receive such e-mails, simply let your account manager know.How do we protect your information?SuperchargersOnline.com stays on the leading edge of today’s technology when it comes to protecting your personal information. We employ powerful 128-bit encryption technology and Secure Socket Layers (SSL) in all areas where your personal identity is required. For your protection, SuperchargersOnline.com is certified by VeriSign. This is your assurance that our site is authentic and that we’re employing SSL security. You can check this security protection setting within your browser. To view our VeriSign certificate, click on the image of the closed lock or the solid key at the bottom of your browser. Our site security information will appear. For more information, contact your browser’s publisher. Your account information and order history are kept safely behind our firewall on separate servers so you never need to worry about hackers. All transaction information is processed under encrypted channels, although you always have the option to choose unencrypted processing. To be sure you have the most protection available, be sure to download the latest version of today’s most popular browsers, Microsoft Internet Explorer and Netscape Communicator. In addition, access to your personal information is restricted within our company to provide maximum security.Who can see your account information?Only authorized programming personnel at SuperchargersOnline.com can see your password. Your account manager cannot see your password. Nor can any other personnel. If you forget your password, you can receive a reminder via e-mail or you can create a new one. Only authorized sales, customer service and accounting personnel have access to your account information.What if you change how you use my information?If we change how we use your personal information, we will notify you by posting notice of the change to this site.How do you create a user profile?If you’ve already conducted business with SuperchargersOnline.com in the past and would like to begin purchasing online, you’ll need to create an E-Account. Creating an E-Account requires you to designate a user name and password. User names and passwords must consist of at least one non-white-space character and be at least four characters in length. Single spaces are allowed in passwords. Leading and trailing spaces, and adjacent spaces, are not allowed. After your E-Account is created, please contact your account manager to link your E-Account to your customer account.What about cookies?We use cookies as a handy way to give you better service. They personalize your shopping experience and they help identify you. You will need to set your browser to accept cookies if you wish to add items to a shopping cart. Information collected or stored via cookies includes purchases, log in data, and pricing level. This information is kept in a secure area within SuperchargersOnline.com.How do you give us feedback?Simply click here to send us feedback via e-mail. Please note that feedback given in this manner becomes property of SuperchargersOnline.com and may be used for promotional purposes. If you prefer not to have your comments used in this manner, simply use your own e-mail client to send a message to webmaster@SuperchargersOnline.com. Or you can indicate your preference at the top of your message.How do you correct inaccurate information?You can update your basic account information at any time. To correct any other account information, please contact your account manager.A special note about promotions:If you elect to enter any contests or other promotions related to SuperchargersOnline.com please note that, by entering, you are giving your permission to use your information for promotional purposes.How do I contact SuperchargersOnline.com?Please visit our contact page.