https://superaction.com/privacy-statement/
HELP | CONTACT
Hit enter to search or ESC to close
Privacy statement
SuperAction.com Privacy Policy
Action is committed to respecting the privacy of website visitors. Our privacy policy describes how we collect, protect and use information we receive from website visitors. Please note, that when you enter any sub-sites accessible through superaction.com, they may have different privacy policies specific to those sites. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of each Action site.
Action’s Online Privacy Policy
Action is committed to respecting the privacy rights of website visitors. The following policy describes how we collect, protect and use information we receive from website visitors. If you would like to review our policies specifically applicable to children, see “Children’s Privacy Policy”.
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on the site, place an order, enter a contest or sweepstakes, respond to a survey or communication such as e-mail, or participate in another site feature.
When ordering or registering, we may ask you for your name, date of birth, e-mail address, mailing address, daytime phone number, credit card information or other information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously or purchase without registering.
We also collect information about gift recipients so that we can fulfill the gift purchase. The information we collect about gift recipients is not used for marketing purposes.
Like many websites, we use “cookies” to enhance your experience and gather information about visitors and visits to our websites. Please refer to the “Do we use ‘cookies’?” section below for information about cookies and how we use them.
We also receive and store click-stream data and other information about visits to our websites which may be combined with personal information you have provided. This information is used to analyze and improve the website experience. For more information see the “Do we use ‘cookies’?” section below.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, purchase products, enter a contest or promotion, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
To personalize your site experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
To quickly process your transactions.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.
If you have opted-in to receive Action e-mail, we may send you periodic e-mails from Action. If you would no longer like to receive Action e-mail, please refer to the “How can you opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided to us?”section below. If you have not opted-in to receive Action e-mail, you will not receive these e-mails. Visitors who register or participate in other site features such as marketing programs and ‘members-only’ content will be given a choice whether they would like to be on our e-mail list and receive e-mail communications from us.
How do we protect visitor information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. When you place orders or access your personal information, we offer the use of a secure server. All sensitive/credit information you supply is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our databases to be only accessed as stated above.
Do we use “cookies”?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help Action conduct and improve its business. Third-party service providers that Action works with to help analyze and improve how visitors interact with our website and services. These companies use cookies to gather anonymous data about our visitors on Action’s behalf. They do not collect personally identifiable information like email, credit card number, phone number, or name.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Netscape Navigator or Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. If you turn cookies off, you won’t have access to many features that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly. However, you can still place orders over the telephone by contacting our customer service number at 1(866)SHOP-108.
Do we disclose the information we collect to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide you with advance notice, except as described below. The term “outside parties” does not include Action. wholly-owned companies. It also does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting Action’s business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property, or safety.
However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
How can you opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided to us?
To modify your e-mail subscriptions or completely opt-out of receiving Action e-mail please let us know by modifying your preferences at superaction.com. Please note that due to email production schedules you may receive any emails already in production.
To delete all of your Action online account information from the superaction.com database, sign into the “Your Account” and select “De-Register.” Note that if you request your account information to be deleted from the superaction.com database, superaction.com may maintain information about an individual sales transaction in order to service that transaction and for record keeping.
A Special Note to Parents
We realize that many children will visit our site, and we therefore encourage children to consult with their parents before submitting any information to any website, including ours. We encourage parents to supervise their children’s online activities and consider using parental control tools available from online services and software manufacturers that help provide a kid-friendly online environment. These tools can also prevent children from disclosing their name, address, and other personal information online without parental permission.
Third Party Links
In an attempt to provide you with increased value, we may include third party links on our site. These linked sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites.
Changes to Our Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. Policy changes will apply only to information collected after the date of the change. This policy was last modified on August 30, 2003.
Online Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
ImportanceTerms & Conditions
Privacy statement
FAQ
SupportsAbout Us
Contact Us
Subscribe to our newsletter
Copyright © 1998-2019 Action Clothing
HELP | CONTACT
Home
108 Clothing
Critical Strike
108 Team
Dragonskinz Fight Gear
Shop Now