https://supertramp.co.uk/privacy-security/
Home
About Us
Privacy & Security
Privacy & Security
Our Privacy Policy
This article outlines the Privacy Policy for Jet Sports Limited; an online retailer of Trampolines and Trampoline Spares and Accessories. On this page we explain how we collect and use personal data.
Our access and handling of this information is subject to the General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR). This replaces the Data Protection Act of 1998.
Jet Sports understand the importance of keeping your information safe, private and secure.  The privacy notice below details our commitment to keeping customers details and information secure (as in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulations).
What information do we collect and how is it used?
Customer-supplied information; we only collect personal information about our customers at the time of ordering. When you place an order, we use this information to process and fulfil your order and to notify you about the status of your order. The type of information we will collect includes: • Your name • Registered card and delivery address/addresses • Phone number • Email address • Credit/debit card details etc.
Any personal information we hold will be accurate and up to date, we will only keep details of your order for as long as needed for us to provide our services to you, or for as long as is necessary to provide support-related reporting and trend analysis only. Your order details will be kept on our systems for up to seven years for financial and tax purposes. Any information will be retained for a limited time if needed to meet regulatory or legal requirements, or prevent fraud or abuse.
If you find any inaccuracies in the information you have supplied, contact us and we will amend it promptly. We will never collect sensitive personal information without your explicit consent.
How Jet Sports Ltd use cookies
Our site uses analytics services provided by Google and Big Commerce. Website analytics refers to a set of tools used to collect and analyse anonymous usage information, enabling us to better understand how our site is used. This, in turn, enables us to improve our site and the products and/services offered through it.
The analytics service(s) used by Our Site use(s) Cookies to gather the required information. You do not have to allow us to use these Cookies, however whilst our use of them does not pose any risk to your privacy or your safe use of our site, it does enable us to continually improve our site, making it a better and more useful experience for you.
Before Cookies are placed on your computer or device, you will be shown a pop-up requesting your consent to set those Cookies. By giving your consent to the placing of Cookies you are enabling us to provide the best possible experience, products and service to you.
An example of this could be; If you show a legitimate interest in our products, for example putting products in your basket and providing us with your email address, we may follow up with a request for a review of your experience or send you offers which may benefit you specifically, for example discounts or special offers. You can, at any time request to immediately unsubscribe and we will not approach you again.  You can read more about the term Legitimate Interest and what it means regarding your rights according to GDPR HERE
You may, if you wish, deny consent to the placing of Cookies unless those Cookies are strictly necessary; however certain features of our site may not function fully or as intended.
In addition to the controls that we provide, you can choose to enable or disable Cookies in your internet browser. Most internet browsers also enable you to choose whether you wish to disable all Cookies or only third-party Cookies. By default, most internet browsers accept Cookies, but this can be changed. For further details, please consult the help menu in your internet browser or the documentation that came with your device.
You can choose to delete Cookies on your computer or device at any time, however you may lose any information that enables you to access Our Site more quickly and efficiently including, but not limited to, login and personalisation settings.
Does Jet Sports Ltd share the information it receives?
For our business to run smoothly and efficiently, we need to work with a number of third parties who are experts in their particular fields. The limited instances where we may share your information include:
(1)We share your information externally with our core service providers when required for our business to function. These include, for example, companies who help us pick and pack orders, make deliveries, carry out fraud protection and credit risk reduction checks, support our IT systems, help keep us secure, enable our marketing, or make sure we’re up to date with our accounts.
Each of these third party companies has been chosen specifically by us for their ability to provide what we need to our required specification. Each of these third party companies has a contract with us, which details our expectations and requirements in handling any of your personal information, and holds them fully responsible for meeting those expectations and requirements.
(2) We will share your information if we believe it’s necessary to protect Jet Sports Ltd or our customers: Unfortunately, like many other companies, Jet Sports may be the subject of attempted fraudulent activities. Under these circumstances we may disclose your information (including your personally identifiable information) if we determine that disclosure is reasonably necessary to:
Detect, investigate, prevent, take action regarding or otherwise address suspected or actual illegal activities, fraud, security or technical issues or to assist government enforcement agencies;
Enforce or apply our terms and conditions of usage;
Investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations;
Protect the security or integrity of our Service; or
To exercise or protect the rights, property, or safety of Jet Sports Ltd, our customers, or others.
We WILL NOT sell your personally identifiable information – such as your name, address, e-mail address, or credit card information - to any third party.
WE WILL NOT share or sell your personal information with third-party advertiser or ad networks
How do you protect my information?
When you place orders we use the secure online payment services of Stripe using a secured server only accessible by ourselves at Jet Sports Ltd for which we will only obtain your name, address, phone number and email address. This information is then used in accordance to our privacy policy. The secure server software (SSL) encrypts all information you input before it is sent to us. It is important for you to protect against unauthorised access to your password and to your computer. Always ensure you sign off when you have finished using a shared computer.
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Access to information
According to GDPR, you have the right to access information held about you. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with GDPR.
Links
We may from time to time establish connections with other companies that will enable you to access the websites directly from our site. We will only provide you with links to high quality, reputable sites which we believe will be of interest and relevance. However, please note that such third party sites are not under our control and we do not contribute to the content of such sites.
When you click through to these sites you leave the area controlled by Jet Sports. We cannot accept responsibility for any issues arising in connection with either the third party's use of your data, the site content or the services offered to you by these sites.
Policy changes
As our internet shopping experience develops our policy may be subject to change. If we decide to do this we will post all changes on this page so that our customers are always aware of our privacy policy and the nature of information we are collecting, how it is used and under what circumstances we disclose it. Any changes to the policies made by Jet Sports may take effect immediately.
Questions and comments?
Jet Sports Ltd is committed to protecting your privacy. We appreciate your trust in us to continue to keep your information private. We welcome your questions and comments about privacy, please contact us.
How to contact us
To contact us about anything to do with your personal data and data protection, including to make a subject access request, please use the following details:
Email address: sales@jetsports.co.uk
Telephone number: 01884 675 801
Postal Address: Unit 3, Colliton Barton, Broadhembury, Devon, EX14 3LJ
Secure Purchases
All shopping cart transactions on this website ensure that all personal information entered is protected. All payments are served by third party vendors; SagePay and PayPal, of which both use high levels of security to ensure your payment transactions are fully protected.
×