https://superchips.com/privacy-policy/
SUPERCHIPS is committed to respecting your privacy and we recognize your need for appropriate protection and management of contact information you share with us.
This Privacy Policy applies to information that we collect about you through purchases you make from Ignition Store or one of our landing pages, applications or other services from which you are accessing this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy describes how we collect such information, how we use it and to whom and under what circumstances we may disclose it. The personal information we collect is stored and/or controlled by SUPERCHIPS, 1080 South Depot Drive, Ogden, UT 84404.
We may share your personal information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes, as further described in our Information Disclosure and Your Choices/Your Privacy Rights sections below. If you wish to opt out of such sharing, please contact partners@Superchips.com and include your name, email address and postal address in your request.
INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE TO US
We collect information from you when you: (1) purchase products from us or update products using our update software; (2) create an account with us, or otherwise sign up for a service or feature; (3) complete a survey; (4) participate in a sweepstakes, contest or other promotion; (5) communicate with us via third-party social media sites; (6) apply for a job with us; or (7) contact us, or communicate with us or provide information. The “personal information” we collect may include your name, address, zip or postal code, email address, telephone number, date of birth, payment information, demographic information, details on items purchased, and other information you choose to provide to us.
We may combine the information we collect online from or about you with the information we collect offline from or about you. We may also combine your (and others’) information that we’ve collected from you (or others) with information we may receive from other sources, such as third-party social media platforms (e.g., when you choose to log in to our Site through a third-party social media platform).
By accessing this site or our update software, you consent to the above collection of your personal information.
SITE USAGE & AUTOMATIC COLLECTION OF INFORMATION
As part of the standard operation, certain information is collected automatically or passively from or about you in connection with your visit to the site. Our servers may automatically gather some of the “Site usage information” described below, or we (or our service providers) may use cookies and other tracking technologies to collect and track such information.
Site usage information includes, but is not limited to: (i) browser type, device type, carrier (if applicable), device address, operating system, operating system address, IP address and the domain name from which you accessed Ignition; (ii) information about your region, continent, country, city, zip code, time zone, and general location; and (iii) information about your browsing activities on and through Ignition (also known as “click stream” data), such as (a) the date and time you visit the site, (b) the areas or pages of the site that you visit, (c) the amount of time you spend viewing the site or specific areas of the site, (d) the number of times you return to the site or a specific area of the site, (e) the websites or pages you visited prior to visiting the site, (f) the websites or pages you visit after you leave the site; (g) searches you have performed on the site and on other websites that led you to our site; (h) social plug-ins with which you have interacted on our site; and (j) other similar usage data.
This Site usage information, is considered non-personal, however, we may combine site usage information about you with personal information about you, and we would consider the combined information to be “personally identifiable” or “personal information” for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.
COOKIES & TRACKING PIXELS
When you visit our site, we send one or more “cookies” to your computer or other device. We may also use cookies in emails that you receive from us. A “cookie” is a small data file that is sent to your web browser and placed on the hard drive of your computer when you access a website. The cookies allow us to track your activities including clicks, purchases and conversions, devices, etc. We use cookies to improve the quality of our service when you visit our website and other websites of interest to you. We also use cookies to remind us of who you are, tailor our products, services and advertising to suit the personal interests of you and others, and/or analyze your visiting patterns.
If you would like to opt out of accepting cookies altogether, you can generally set your browser to not accept cookies or to notify you when you are sent a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it. However, certain features of our website or other services may not work if you delete or disable cookies. While you are free to decline cookies, doing so may prevent you from taking full advantage of the features of our site. By using this site, you consent to our use of cookies as described in this Privacy Policy herein.
Occasionally, we may also use tracking pixels (clear GIFs or pixel tags), typically one-pixel clear images that are embedded on a page of the site. These tracking pixels may be in our site or communications such as email messages. This technology helps us verify when a certain page of the site is viewed, when a message or ad is opened, when links are clicked and other content in a message is viewed, and the originating source of a click or view. We use the information collected for similar purposes as the information collected through cookies, as described above.
We also work with service providers and advertising partners that use cookies, tracking pixels and other tools to collect information about your visits to our site and your behavior while on the site. This information is used to deliver targeted advertisements to you across the internet based on your site usage on our site. The information collected and used in this manner is generally anonymous and not personally identifiable. If you would like to learn more about this practice, you can visit the Digital Advertising Alliance at aboutads.info/consumers.
We use Google Analytics, a third party web analytics services, to help us track and analyze the use of our site and measure effectiveness of advertising, site content and email communications. The tools, including cookies, tags and tracking pixels, help us understand the usage of our site. To opt out of this use by Google, click here.
SECURITY
We maintain safeguards to protect the confidentiality and security of information transmitted to us. To guard your information delivered to us electronically, our website uses Secure Sockets Layer (SSL). SSL encrypts your credit card number, name and address so only we are able to decode your information. While we strive to always protect our systems, site and information against unauthorized access, use, modification and disclosure, due to the inherent nature of the Internet, we cannot guarantee that any information, during transmission or while stored on our systems, will be absolutely safe from intrusion by others, such as hackers. To the extent permitted by law, we do not guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit to or from our website, and you do so at your own risk.
We urge you to keep any password that you establish with us in a safe place and will never ask you for your password in any unsolicited communication. We strongly recommend that you do not disclose your Account username or password to anyone for your own protection. Please notify us immediately of any unauthorized use of your Account credentials or any other suspected breach of security.
PROTECTING CHILDREN
Our website is a general audience site. We do not knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of 14. Users outside of the United States who are below the age of eighteen (18) (or the age of majority in the applicable jurisdiction) should not use the site without authorization from a parent or legal guardian.
LINKS TO THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
Our site may contain links to websites and services operated and maintained by third parties, over which we have no control. Privacy policies on such linked websites may be different from our privacy policy. You should always read the privacy policy of a linked website before disclosing any of your information on such website.
POLICY CHANGES
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we decide to change our privacy policy in whole or in part, we will inform you by posting a notice on our websites, as applicable. The new policy will apply to all current and past users of our websites and will replace any prior policies that are inconsistent. Your continued use of our websites or other services constitutes your acceptance of the practices described in the revised Privacy Policy.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy and/or about the privacy policies and practices of our service providers, please contact us in writing at Superchips 1080 South Depot Drive, Ogden, UT 84404
Effective Date: March 6, 2018