https://susansternau.com/terms-conditions/
Skip to content
Ordering & Shipping Information:
Mail/Prepaid Orders Payment Terms:
We accept Visa, MasterCard, American Express, Discover, bank checks, and money orders made payable to Susan Sternau Studios for exact amount only. You may also send a personal check, although we will send you your art once all funds are cleared through your bank or credit union. We do not accept COD orders. For international orders, please use credit card only. Print the online order form and send the completed order form with payment to:
Susan Sternau Studios, 403 Napa St., Sausalito, CA 94965-2158.
Customer Service & Technical Assistance:
Email info@SusanSternau.com  if you have questions or comments. We’re happy to help.
Currency:
All prices are in U.S. dollars.
Privacy:
Your privacy matter to us. All your information is completely confidential. We will never sell your name or information to another company.
Shipping Methods:
Continental USA and Canada–
We will ship your books, cards, and unframed print orders via USPS Priority Mail or comparable carrier. Framed prints and original art will be shipped by Federal Express or a comparable carrier. Be sure to include your street address; orders cannot be delivered to P.O. Boxes (All prices are in U.S. dollars. Duty and tax additional in Canada.).
Hawaii, Alaska, Puerto Rico, U.S. Virgin Islands — We ship via Parcel Post.
International Shipments (other than Canada) — We will ship your order via the least expensive, insured air service. Air freight charges and insurance will be charged to your credit card or pre-paid by wire transfer. Please provide telephone number. Tax and duty additional.
Return Policy Terms & Guarantee:
All purchases made online are backed by a thirty-day (30), money-back guarantee. To ensure a full refund, simply:
Email info@SusanSternau.com  within thirty (30) days of receipt to notify us of the return.
We will send you instructions on where to ship the item.
You must insure the item for the full purchase price for its return shipping.
Send the returned item in its original packaging.
When the item is received in its original condition, we will refund the purchase price in full.
You will only be responsible for the one-way return shipping costs.
Share this:Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
Search for:
Home
Lessons
Shop
Books
Cards
Ceramic Tiles
Prints
Oil Paintings
Watercolors
Testimonials
About
Art Thoughts
Contact
Commissions
Events
Create an Account
Wishlist
Checkout
Login