https://synergyforlife.com/pages/policies/
Policies
Conditions of Use
Disclaimer The products presented on this site are not intended to diagnose, cure, treat, mitigate, or prevent a disease or illness. No guarantee of effectiveness of product is made as results may vary person/condition.
WARNING: Persons with pacemakers, debribrillators, implanted insulin pumps or other electro-medical devices should keep magnetic products at least eighteen inches from the the device. It is also recommended that magnets not be used during pregnancy. Keep magnets away from computer disks, videotapes, video monitors,credit cards and any other magnetic media.
Synergy for Life makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of this site, or the information, content, materials or merchandise offered for sale on this site.
Synergy For Life will not be liable for any damages of any kind arising from the use of this site or the purchase of merchandise from this site (including but not limited to, direct, indirect, incidental, punitive and consequential damages), even if Synergy For life has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
Shipping
Orders are shipped within 24 hours Mon-Fri. Our minimum shipping charge is $7.95 for US deliveries. Our shopping cart isn't designed to capture international shipping charges so for those orders we will e-mail you the shipping charge for your approval before we process the order. International orders are shipped by US Priority Mail International.
Most items are shipped by US Priority Mail (2-3 days average delivery) except for mattress pads, pillow pads, seat cushions, and pet pads. These are shipped by Fedex Ground (3-7 business days average delivery time).
Please note: Due to some issues with packages left unattended being stolen we must ship all mattress pads with signature required. If you do not wish to require signature please leave a note in the shipping comments to that effect but be aware you will be responsible for any loss due to theft.
Overnight shipping is possible on small items, but you must telephone us to request this option. We ship by Express Mail for overnight orders and this option is not available in all areas or on some days. Telephone us for shipping charges for Express Mail.
NOTICE FOR INTERNATIONAL DELIVERIES: The amount of time taken for final delivery ultimately depends on each country's customs dept. We have no control over nor are we responsible for the actions of any country's customs dept or the delays associated with them. Any taxes imposed on the receiving end are the responsibility of the customer.
Return Policy
Most of our items may be returned within 30 days of purchase, provided they are returned in new condition AND in the original product packaging. Returned items are subject to a 10% restocking fee. Mattress pads, pillows, pillow pads are NOT returnable due to state health laws which prohibit the return of bedding. Magnetic shoe inserts are not returnable after they have been cut. Pet beds are also not returnable for hygiene reasons.
Please follow these simple steps to complete a return refund request:
Call our Customer Service department at (888) 311-2963 to obtain a return merchandise authorization number
Write your reason for returning the product and the RMA number on the invoice you received with your order
Write the RMA on the outside of the package your are returning the product to the far left of the mailing address.
Mail back the remaining product PROMPTLY! in its original packaging, the receipt with reason and the return authorization number to the address supplied to you by customer service for a full refund minus actual shipping costs and 10% restocking fee.
Returns that do not include the RMA number or are received at the improper address will be returned to the sender at the senders expense!
Security
You can shop on our site with confidence. We have partnered with Authorize.Net, a leading payment gateway since 1996, to offer safe and secure credit card and electronic check transactions for our customers.
The Authorize.Net Payment Gateway manages the complex routing of sensitive customer information through the credit card and electronic check processing networks (see an online payments diagram). The company adheres to strict industry standards for payment processing, including:
128-bit Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology for secure Internet Protocol (IP) transactions.
Industry leading encryption hardware and software methods and security protocols to protect customer information.
Compliance with the Payment Card Industry (PCI) Data Security Standard.
For additional information regarding the privacy of your sensitive cardholder data, please read the Authorize.net Privacy Policy
Synergy For Life is registered with the Authorize.Net Verified Merchant Seal program. Our site is also tested and verified monthly by Trustwave.
Privacy Information
We care about our customers and respect your privacy. We do not sell or rent any information about our customers to any third party. You can be assured that any information you give us is held with the utmost security. We NEVER sell addresses or e-mail addresses nor do we share them with anyone. Your personal information is only used to process your order.
Links to Third Party Sites
This site may be linked to other sites which are not maintained by Synergy For Life. Synergy For Life is not responsible for any off-site pages or any other sites linked to this site. The inclusion of any link to other sites does not imply endorsement by Synergy For Life.