https://tandjenterprises.com/privacy.htm
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect from the loss, misuse and alteration of sensitive customer information under our control.  We use 128 bit encrypted SSL secure server connections for all ordering and inputting of credit card numbers and associated information.  Credit card numbers are not stored in any of our data files.  Our customers can rest assured that their sensitive information is protected and secure.
Privacy Statement for T & J Enterprises & Product Return PolicyT & J Enterprises has created this privacy statement in order to document our commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this web site: https://tandjenterprises.com
These policies are subject to change without notice.  Changed polices supersede and invalidate all other policies regardless of date of purchase and policy in effect at the time of purchase.
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site.
Our site's Email newsletter registration form requests that users give us (Optional) contact information (like their name, phone and fax numbers and email address) and (Optional) demographic information (like their zip code, mailing address, city, state, country, company name and job title).
We use customer contact information from the newsletter registration form to send the user information about our company, our products and applied research, growing tips, special offers and new product offers from T & J Enterprises only by email. The customer's contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice: opt-in / opt-out section below. Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site. We use this data to tailor the visitor's experience at our site, showing them content that we think they might be interested in, and displaying the content according to their preferences. Our customer information is never given out to third parties and will never be sold.
This site contains links to other sites. T & J Enterprises is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Our site uses a secure server order form for customers to place orders for products and services.  We collect (required) customer contact information (like their email address) and (required) financial information (like their account or credit card numbers and billing address).  Contact information from the order form is used to send orders and information about our company to our customers.  The customer's contact information is also used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary.  Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below. Financial information that is collected is used strictly and solely to bill the user for products and services. This information is never shared, given out or sold to third parties. Customers financial and credit card information is NOT stored in any of our data files.
Public ForumsThis site makes chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups available to its users.  Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
Choice: Opt-Out | Opt-InOur site provides customers the opportunity to opt-in or out of receiving communications from us at the point where we request information about the customer.  Currently gathered at this URL: Click here and by our shopping cart.
This site gives users the following options for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our service.
You can send email to:
Email with your request.
You can visit our contact page at the following URL: Click here
You can send mail to the following postal address:
Thomas Giannou, 2328 W. Providence Ave., Spokane, WA. 99205 USA
You can call: 888-769-3878
Our site also provides users the opportunity to opt-in of receiving communications from us at the point where we request information about the visitor. Currently gathered at this URL: Click here   Just fill out our form and we'll add you to our data base.
Third Party Sharing of information
T & J Enterprises does not share or sell for any reason any collected information about our customers.
Correct/UpdateThis site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided. Send your update requests to us via:
email to
Email
visit Contact page
send mail to the following postal address:
Thomas Giannou, 2328 W. Providence Ave., Spokane, WA. 99205 USA
You can call: 888-769-3878
Contacting the Web SiteIf you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact:
Thomas Giannou
T & J Enterprises
2328 W. Providence Ave.
Spokane, WA 99205
USA
Email
Phone: 888-769-3878
Anti-Spam
We support all anti-spam efforts. Our servers have anti-spam measures in place.
Any promotional mailings going out from T & J Enterprises are either mailings to our opt-in Newsletter or, focused hand selected mailings to potential customers and users of our products who would have a clear, valid and legitimate reason to use or sell our products. We do not use bulk mailers.
Included with all mailings from T & J Enterprises, are our names, address, city, state, zip and phone and fax numbers. As well as valid return emails. T & J Enterprises does not use third parties to send its mailings. They always come from us personally and are signed by us personally. Our mailings are always related to our company and or our products. Our subject and body context always match.
If you receive an email purporting or claiming to be from T & J Enterprises, but unrelated to our business or products, and has anything other than our full contact information, and is not about us our our products, it did not come from T & J Enterprises. Please foreword any such Email, complete with full header info, to:
Email.We will investigate it and take appropriate actions against this spammer.
Product Return and Refund PolicyProduct Guarantee:
We guarantee the viability, quality and packaged quantity of our products. It is highly probable that superior responses in plant growth, vitality, vigor and yield will occur from their use. Due to the variability of soils and conditions found in various locations and their affects on plant and soil responsiveness to our products, we cannot guarantee all these benefits will occur in all locations and situations. BioVam's viability is guaranteed for one year from date of shipping from the manufacture, Brock. Probiotics.
BioVam carries a thirty day money back guarantee on unopened, unused product only to original purchaser for retail price only with original proof of purchase. (Applies to products purchased by end user directly from T & J Enterprises only, does not apply to products purchased from or through authorized retail outlets, (does not apply to wholesalers, retailers, re distributors or distribution centers or independent applicators, see that policy below). Facsimiles are not accepted. Customer pays return postage and full value insurance. Original and return postage, handling, tax and insurance are non-refundable. A 20% restocking fee applies to all accepted returns. (Please see how to return below).
Should you use BioVam exactly as directed in our application literature and followed our nutrient levels and precautions for your specific growing situation and are experiencing no response differences or related benefits and believe the products viability may be at issue, please contact us directly. You can email us at:
Email or call us at: 888-769-3878 or write us snail mail at: T&J Enterprises, 2328 West Providence, Spokane, Washington 99205 USA
NOTE: After 30 days, all sales are final, no refunds.
How to return:
1) For products purchased by end customers from T & J Enterprises only (see retailers, re sellers and applicators policy below): For unopened unused product in original packaging to original purchaser only for retail price only within 30 days only: All returned products must be insured for full value. Customer pays return postage and insurance. Original proof of purchase must be supplied. Facsimiles are not accepted. Original and return postage, handling, tax and insurance are non-refundable. Please call: 888-769-3878 for a (RA) Return Authorization Number before returning any product. Once you receive your RA number, mail to: T&J Enterprises, 2328 West Providence, Spokane, Washington 99205 USA. Write your (RA) number on the outside of your return box. T & J Enterprises is not and will not be held responsible or liabel for lost or stolen goods through the mails to either the customer or Affiliates. T&J Enterprises is not responsible for delivery delays of shipments caused by shippers.
2) For products purchased through any of our authorized retailers: Please contact the retailer you made your purchase from about their returns and refund policies.
3) Spider Elimination Kits: Please read the MFG's FAQ for details.
4)For all products purchased wholesale by retailers, re sellers, re distribution by distribution centers or any independent applicators:
On signed receipt of 'received goods or products' this type customer assumes total ownership and responsibility unless otherwise stated or arranged in writing. T & J Enterprises does not buy back 'received goods or products'.  No other policies, guarantees, warrantees or arrangements are expressed or implied.
These terms may change without notice. Failure to follow our return policy "exactly" will void any refund request.
5) Out of country orders are final and non-refundable. No exceptions.