https://taralli.com/privacypolicy/
Aroma Antico™ takes your privacy very seriously. All information gathered through your order is kept strictly confidential. You’re important to our business – which is why we never ever sell, rent or give away any personal information to anyone.
Secure shopping
All your transactions are doubly protected by the highest encryption technologies available.
We implements 128-bit encryption SSL secure servers.
You can, of course, choose not to receive any communication from Aroma Antico™. When you place your order online, simply put your wishes in the comments box. You can also call us at 877-827-2554 to be removed from the e-mailing list.
Please note that our site does contain links to other sites whose privay policies may differ from that of Aroma Antico™.
Returns
We only accept pre-authorized returns for the following reasons:
• The item’s expiration date lapsed by the time it was received.
• The item was damaged during shipment.
If the shipping box is damaged please contact the shipping company.
Please include the following information in your email: • Name, shipping address, phone number and email • Invoice number • Reason for return
Returns and refunds can only be accepted within 5 days of your receipt of the shipment. We can not offer refunds, credit, or exchanges if you made a selection that does not appeal to your palate. Aroma Antico™ will not accept returns on any items that have been opened and not in their original packaging. If the error is ours, please accept our apologies and we will reimburse you the product. Unless the return is due to an error made by us we do not refund the shipping charges. Customer is responsible for all shipping charges.
For the safety of all our customers we do not re-sell returned food items, regardless of their condition.
Order cancellations / changes
Once an order has been placed you have a minimum of two (2) hours to cancel or make changes to your order. To cancel or make changes to your order please contact us by email at sales@aroma-antico.com or by phone at 1.877.827.2554 Mon-Fri, 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. EST (please leave your name, invoice number and email address). We are not able to cancel orders once they have been shipped (please read the terms and conditions as outlined in our return policy).
Backorder
We do not offer backorders. We make every attempt to ensure the accuracy of our inventory, but occasionally an error may occur. From time to time items may go out of stock. Should this occur, those products will not be made available for purchase until re-stocked. We thank you for your patience.
Privacy policy changes
Aroma Antico™ reserves the right to revise this policy at any time. All prices are subject to change without notice. Every effort will be made to honor the published prices. This page will be updated anytime changes to the privacy policy are made.
Payment methods
We accept Paypal, American Express, Discover, Mastercard and Visa. Credit cards with non U.S. addresses will not be processed.
Shipping
We use FedEx for shipping within the continental United Sates. We try our best to ship orders within 1-2 business days after they have been placed. Orders placed on Friday will ship the following Monday. Please note that weekends and holidays do not count in transit time estimates. The cost for shipping is based upon your total order amount.
We do not ship outside the United States, to P.O. boxes, or to APO/FPO addresses.
Only orders to Alaska, Hawaii and Puerto Rico are shipped with USPS Priority Mail. Costs are based on total order weight & applied at the time of shipping.
Search for:
Search
CartOur Products •
Taralli
Our Flavours
Select a category
Anise
Black Olive
Black Pepper
Black Pepper & Fennel
Breadsticks
Chive Onion
Everything
Fennel
Garlic
Icing
Lemon Sugar
Original
Pizza
RALLINI ITALIAN PRETZELS
Red Pepper
Rosemary
Sesame
Sundried Tomatoes
TARALLI ITALIAN PRETZELS
Taralli Stix
Violetta’s Cookies
Walnut
Whole Wheat