https://techtonicstuning.com/main/index.php?main_page=privacy
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
PRIVACY STATEMENT
Thank you for visiting
www.techtonicstuning.com (our "Site"). We appreciate the opportunity
to interact with you on the Internet and are committed to protecting and
safeguarding your privacy. The purpose of this Privacy Statement is to inform
you about the types of information we might collect about you when you visit
our Site, how we may use that information and whether we disclose that
information to anyone.
What Information We Collect and How We
Use It
Any information we collect
on our Site generally falls into the Personally Identifiable Information
category.
Personally Identifiable Information: This refers to information that lets us
know specifically who you are. In general, you can visit our Site without
telling us who you are or revealing any Personally Identifiable Information.
Ordering - When you place
an order for products or services, we collect Personally Identifiable
Information (such as name, contact and billing information, credit card, and
other transaction information). We use this information to deliver your order,
process payment, and to communicate with you about the status of your order.
Credit card information submitted with your order is used only for payment
processing and is not retained on our Site. You may request your purchase be
shipped by common carrier, in which case certain information will be shared
with the respective carrier for delivery purposes.
Sharing Your
Information
Except as disclosed in this
Privacy Statement, we do not sell, trade, rent, or otherwise retransmit any
Personally Identifiable Information we collect online unless we have your
permission. Any Personally Identifiable Information you provide to us will be
used for your purchases and retained in hard copy form of the original invoice as
well as within our database system, which generates our invoices.
From time to time, we may
be required to provide Personally Identifiable Information in response to court
order, subpoena, or government investigation. We also reserve the right to
report to law enforcement agencies any activities that we in good faith believe
to be unlawful. We may release Personally Identifiable Information when we
believe that such release is reasonably necessary to enforce or apply our
Limited Warranty or to protect the rights, property, and safety of others and
ourselves.
Links To Other Web
Sites
Links to third-party Web
sites may be provided solely for your information and convenience, or to
provide additional information for various other goods and services. If you use
these links, you will leave our Site. This Privacy Statement does not cover the
information practices of those Web sites linked to our Site, nor do we control
their content or privacy policies. We suggest that you carefully review the
privacy policies of each site you visit.
Changes To This
Statement
Any updates or changes to
the terms of this Privacy Statement will be posted here on our Site and the
date of the newest version posted below. Please check back frequently,
especially before you submit any Personally Identifiable Information at our
Site, to see if this Privacy Statement has changed.
By using our Site, you acknowledge acceptance of this Privacy Statement in
effect at the time of use.
Contact Us
If you have any concerns
about our use of your information or about this Privacy Statement, please send
an e-mail to sales@techtonicstuning.com. We will make every reasonable effort
to address your concerns and remedy any problems you bring to our attention.
This Privacy Statement was last revised on November 2, 2015.
Back
New Products
Valve Guide 2.0 TDI 4v 6mm(Overall length 36mm, Diameter 10.06mm, ID 5.96mm)$6.502.8L 12v VR6 EuroVan Catalytic Converter '97-'00 (48 State)High Flow VR6 EuroVan Catalytic Converter 1997-2000. 12v. High flow ca$425.002.25" Stainless EuroVan Ex. 2.5L Gas 92-up LWB 2 Muffs 1 TipTechtonics Tuning Stainless EuroVan Exhaust, 2.25" w/Magnaflow muffler$550.00
Important Links
Shipping & Returns
Privacy Notice
Contact Us
Site Map
Specials
Buy a Gift Certificate
Gift Certificate Info
Setting your Timing (8V/16V)
Dyno Tests