https://teegolfclub.com/privacy-policy/
Created with Sketch.
Created with Sketch.
Toggle menu
Gift Certificate
LoginorSign Up
0
Search
Reset Search
×
Main Menu
Sell or Trade-in Golf Clubs
All Sell or Trade-in Golf Clubs
Sell or Trade-in Golf Clubs Contact Form
About Us
Customer Service
All Customer Service
Gift Certificates
FAQ - Additional Support
FAQ - Buyer's Guide
FAQ - My Account
FAQ - Guarantee
FAQ - Order Status
FAQ - Pricing and Billing
FAQ - Shipping
Privacy Policy
Returns & Exchanges
Shipping & Deliveries
Terms of Use
Shipping & Returns
RSS Syndication
Shop By Category
Clubs
All Clubs
Golf Drivers
Golf Fairway Woods
Golf Iron Sets
Golf Individual Irons
Golf Hybrid Clubs
Golf Wedges & Irons
Golf Putters
Golf Complete Sets
Women's Golf Clubs
Women's Golf Drivers
Women's Golf Fairway Woods
Women's Golf Hybrid Clubs
Women's Golf Iron Sets
Women's Golf Individual Irons
Women's Golf Putters
Women's Golf Wedges & Irons
Women's Golf Complete Sets
Junior Golf Equipment
Used Golf Clubs (Pre-Owned)
Used Golf Drivers
Used Golf Fairway Woods
Used Golf Irons Sets
Used Golf Hybrid Utility Clubs
Apparel
All Apparel
Mens Golf Apparel
Mens Golf Shirts
Mens Golf Pants
Mens Golf Shorts
Mens Golf Outerwear
Nike TW Tiger Woods Apparel
Womens Golf Apparel
Womens Golf Shirts
Womens Golf Pants
Womens Golf Shorts
Womens Golf Skirts and Skorts
Womens Golf Outerwear
Junior Golf Apparel
Boys & Girls Juniors Apparel
Boys Golf Apparel
Girls Golf Apparel
Golf Headwear
Golf Socks
Belts
Magnetic Bracelets
Golf Apparel Clearance
Mens Golf Apparel Clearance
Womens Golf Apparel Clearance
Juniors Golf Apparel Clearance
Bags
All Bags
Golf Carry Bags
Golf Stand Bags
Golf Cart Bags
Golf Staff Bags
Golf Den Caddies
Golf Shoe Bags
Golf Travel Bags
Personalized Golf Bags
Women's Golf Bags
Womens Carry Bags
Women's Cart Bags
Women's Stand Bags
Balls
All Balls
Golf Balls
Personalized Golf Balls
Titleist Free Personalized Golf Balls
Practice Golf Balls
Titleist Holiday Golf Ball Free Personalization
Clearance
All Clearance
Golf Accessories Clearance
Golf Balls Clearance
Golf Bags Clearance
Drivers Clearance
Fairway Woods Clearance
Iron Sets Clearance
Individual Irons and Wedges Clearance
Hybrid Clubs Clearance
Putters Clearance
Headwear Clearance
Men's Golf Apparel Clearance
Women's Golf Apparel Clearance
Juniors Golf Apparel Clearance
Golf Shoes Clearance
Travel Bags Clearance
Accessories
All Accessories
Cart Accessories
Divot Tools
Gloves
Golf Club Repair Supplies
Golf GPS / Range Finders
Golf Tournament Merchandise
Grips
Headcovers
Push & Pull Carts
Shafts
Towels
Training Aids
Travel Gear
Umbrellas
Shoes
All Shoes
Mens Golf Shoes
Mens Spiked Golf Shoes
Mens Spikeless Golf Shoes
Mens Off Course Shoes
Womens Golf Shoes
Womens Spiked Golf Shoes
Womens Spikeless Golf Shoes
Juniors Golf Shoes
Golf Shoe Accessories
Brands
All Brands
Adidas
Asics Golf Shoes
Ben Hogan Golf
BagBoy
Bettinardi Golf
Bridgestone Golf
Burton Golf
Callaway
Champ
Cleveland Golf
ClicGear
Clique Apparel
Club Glove
Cobra
Datrek Golf
Cutter & Buck
Ecco Golf
FootJoy
Grafalloy
Golf Buddy
Heavy Putter
IZZO
Mizuno
Nike
Odyssey
Ogio Golf
Ping
Pinnacle Golf Balls
Puma
Puma Volition America Apparel
Pure Grips
Scotty Cameron
Sabona
SkyCaddie
Srixon
Sun Mountain
Taylormade
The Golf Club
Titleist
Tour Edge Golf
True Temper
UST Proforce
Volvik Golf Balls
Wilson
Shop By Brand
Cutter & Buck
Adidas Golf
Puma Golf
Titleist
FootJoy Golf
Ping Golf
Callaway
Mizuno Golf
Sun Mountain
Cobra Golf
View all Brands
Gift Certificates
Login or Sign Up
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on the site, place an order, enter a contest or sweepstakes, respond to a survey or communication such as e-mail, or participate in another site feature.
When ordering or registering, we may ask you for your name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or other information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
We also collect information about gift recipients so that we can fulfill the gift purchase. The information we collect about gift recipients is not used for marketing purposes.
Like many websites, we use "cookies" to enhance your experience and gather information about visitors and visits to our websites. Please refer to the "Do we use 'cookies'?" section below for information about cookies and how we use them.
How do we use your information?We may use the information we collect from you when you register, purchase products, enter a contest or promotion, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
To personalize your site experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
To quickly process your transactions.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.
If you have opted-in to receive our e-mail newsletter, we may send you periodic e-mails. If you would no longer like to receive promotional e-mail from us, please refer to the "How can you opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided to us?" section below. If you have not opted-in to receive e-mail newsletters, you will not receive these e-mails. Visitors who register or participate in other site features such as marketing programs and 'members-only' content will be given a choice whether they would like to be on our e-mail list and receive e-mail communications from us.
How do we protect visitor information?We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. When you place orders or access your personal information, we offer the use of a secure server. All sensitive/credit information you supply is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our databases to be only accessed as stated above.Do we use "cookies"?Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Netscape Navigator or Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. If you turn cookies off, you won't have access to many features that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly. However, you can still place orders over the telephone by contacting customer service.Do we disclose the information we collect to outside parties?We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide you with advance notice, except as described below. The term "outside parties" does not include The Golf Club. It also does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property, or safety.However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses. Does this website use Google AdWords remarketing service?This website uses the Google AdWords remarketing service to advertise on third party websites (including Google) to previous visitors to our site. It could mean that we advertise to previous visitors who haven’t completed a task on our site, for example using the contact form to make an enquiry. This could be in the form of an advertisement on the Google search results page, or a site in the Google Display Network. Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on someone’s past visits to the The Golf Club website. Of course, any data collected will be used in accordance with our own privacy policy and Google’s privacy policy. How can you opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided to us?To modify your e-mail subscriptions, please let us know by modifying your preferences in the "My Account" section. Please note that due to email production schedules you may receive any emails already in production.To delete all of your online account information from our database, sign into the "My Account" section of our site and remove your shipping addresses, billing addresses & payment information. Please note that we may maintain information about an individual sales transaction in order to service that transaction and for record keeping.Third party linksIn an attempt to provide you with increased value, we may include third party links on our site. These linked sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these linked sites (including if a specific link does not work).Changes to our policyIf we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. Policy changes will apply only to information collected after the date of the change. This policy was last modified on August 6, 2003.Questions and feedbackWe welcome your questions, comments, and concerns about privacy. Please send us any and all feedback pertaining to privacy, or any other issue.Online Policy OnlyThis online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.Terms and ConditionsPlease also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website.Your consentBy using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
×