https://telluridetruffle.com/conditions-of-use/
Type anything to search, then press enter or Search Button
Shopping Cart
Close
Your cart is currently empty.
Return to shop
HOME
SHOP
Shop Chocolates
Weddings & Special Events
Business Gifts
HOLIDAY
TRUFFLES
BUSINESS
CONTACT US
Wishlist
0
My account
Terms of Use
HomeTerms of Use
This Web site is operated by Telluride Truffle®. All inquiries may be directed to:
Telluride Truffle Inc.
104 Society Drive
Telluride, CO 81435
Your use of this Web site is governed by these terms and conditions. Please take a few minutes to review these terms and conditions. Your use of the telluridetruffle.com Web site constitutes your agreement to follow these rules and to be bound by them. If you do not agree with any of these terms and conditions, please do not use the telluridetruffle.com Web site.
These Terms and Conditions May Change
Telluride Truffle reserves the right to update or modify these terms and conditions at any time without prior notice. Your use of the telluridetruffle.com Web site following any such change constitutes your agreement to follow and be bound by the terms and conditions as changed. For this reason, we encourage you to review these terms and conditions each time you use this Web site.
Use of Web Site
The Telluridetruffle.com Web site is for the sole use of individuals and entities wishing to review, consider, purchase or otherwise engage in retail transactions involving Telluride Truffle’s goods and services and/or to otherwise transact business with or contact Telluride Truffle, on their own behalf (or, in the case of a gift or a corporate transaction, on behalf of their intended recipients). No information concerning the transactional preferences of an individual customer (whether such customer is a person or an entity) can be entered, altered, modified or otherwise affected, by any third party on behalf of such individual customer. In particular, Telluride Truffle expressly prohibits third parties from opting out of Telluride Truffle services and/or contacts on behalf of a Telluride Truffle customer or other person or entity, without both (a) Telluride Truffle’s full knowledge as to the surrogate action being taken and (b) Telluride Truffle’s express permission. This prohibition is intended to protect the privacy and freedom of Telluride Truffle’s customers and the personal relationship Telluride Truffl works to develop with its customers and others authorized to use its site.
Submissions and Use of Community Features
We welcome your comments regarding the telluridetruffle.com Web site. However, any comments, feedback, notes, messages, ideas,
suggestions or other communications (collectively, “Comments”) sent to telluridetruffle.com shall be and remain the exclusive property of Telluride Truffle. Your submission of any such Comments shall constitute an assignment to Telluride Truffle of all worldwide rights, titles and interests in all copyrights and other intellectual property rights in the Comments. Telluride Truffle will be entitled to use, reproduce, disclose, publish and distribute any material you submit for any purpose whatsoever, without restriction and without compensating you in any way. For this reason, we ask that you not send us any comments that you do not wish to assign to us, including any confidential information or any original creative materials such as stories, product ideas, computer code or original artwork.
Price Quotations
The prices displayed on this site are quoted in U.S. Dollars and are valid and effective only in the United States. Additional shipping and other charges may apply for orders outside of the United States and/or into US territories, and you will be advised of such charges and your responsibility for any portion thereof before we finalize and ship your order. Furthermore, while we do our best to assure that the taxes quoted for a particular order are accurate for the applicable location to which the order is being shipped, should an erroneous quote be provided, we will notify you of such error before finalizing and shipping your order. You will be responsible for all applicable taxes, regardless of the amount quoted on this Web site at the time of your order.
Disclaimer
This site and all contents of this site are provided on an “as is” basis without warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including without limitation warranties of title or implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. You acknowledge, by your use of this site, that your use of this site is at your sole risk, that you assume full responsibility for all costs associated with all necessary servicing or repairs of any equipment you use in connection with your use of our site, and that Telluride Truffle shall not be liable for any damages of any kind related to your use of this site.
Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold Telluride Truffle harmless from and against any and all claims, damages, costs and expenses, including attorneys’ fees, arising from or related to your use of the site, including, without limitation, your use of this telluridetruffle.com Web site in violation of these Terms of Use.