https://tempstatcontrols.com/privacy-policy
Home
Wine or Beer Storage
Products
Comparison Chart
FAQ
Testimonials
Blog
About Us
Contact
Privacy
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.
The Information We Collect:
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the TempStatControls Store website. The types of personal information collected at these pages are: Name, Address, Email address, Phone number, (etc.)
On some pages, you can submit information about other people. For example, if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient, you will need to submit the recipient’s address. In this circumstance, the types of personal information collected are: Name, address, Phone Number, (etc.)
The Way We Use Information:
We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We use the information you provide about someone else when placing an order only to ship the product and to confirm delivery. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website. Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above, such as personal testimonials without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our Commitment To Data Security:
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online, including payment information.
How To Contact Us:
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please complete our Contact Form.
Cart
Welcome to WINE-STAT and UNI-STAT!
Precision Control of Your Cooling or Heating Applications
Perfect for home-brewing, winemaking or temperature-controlled storage!
Products
Wine-Stat II - Standard Model
$149.00 $139.95
Wine-Stat II Universal Model
$139.00 $129.95
UNI-STAT IIIa
$99.00 $89.00
Designed & Produced in the USA
MENU
Temp Stat Controls
HomeWine or Beer StorageProductsComparison ChartFAQTestimonialsBlogAbout UsContact