https://texasbestbeefjerky.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
Protecting your privacy is important to us. We hope the following statement will help you understand how Texas Best Beef Jerky collects, uses, and safeguards the personal information you provide on our web site.
Information Collection
When you browse Texas Best Beef Jerky web site, you do so anonymously. Personal information — including your E-mail address — is not collected. Your IP address (the Internet address of your computer) is logged to give us an idea of which parts of our web site you are visiting and how long you are spending there. We do not link your IP address to anything personally identifiable. The only other information automatically provided to us is the type of computer and operating system you are using. This information is supplied to us by your browser.
There are times that we may request that you voluntarily supply us with personal information, including your E-mail address and possibly your postal address, for purposes such as correspondence, site registration, making a purchase, or product registration.
Like many other commercial web sites, the Texas Best Beef Jerky web site may utilize a standard technology called a “cookie” to collect information about how the site is used.
Information Use
If you provide us with your E-mail address, or have done so in the past, we may upon occasion send you E-mail offers. We may use information you have given us to, for example, provide a service, measure consumer interest in our various services, and inform you about new products and services.
Declining E-mail Offers
Texas Best Beef Jerky provides customers with an easy means to decline receiving E-mail offers. We also ask you if you want us to share your personal information with other companies that offer related services. If you do not want us or other companies to contact you, you can choose to “opt out” and Texas Best Beef Jerky will respect your wishes.
Although most customers tell us they appreciate receiving notice of these carefully designed opportunities, we recognize the importance of providing you with choices. At any time, you may request to discontinue receiving these offers from us by simply replying to the E-mail and informing us of your preferences. All E-mail offers that you receive from Texas Best Beef Jerky will inform you of how to decline receiving further E-mail offers.
Your Acceptance of These Terms
By using this site, you signify your assent to the Texas Best Beef Jerky Customer Internet Privacy Statement. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our site. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions from this policy at any time. Please check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of the Texas Best Beef Jerky site following the posting of changes to these terms means you accept these changes.
{{ post.title.rendered }}
More Results
No Results found for: {{searchTerms}}
Cart
TEXAS BEST BBQ & BURGERS IS OPEN! DINE IN OR CARRYOUT 940-687-9999VIEW THE MENU