https://thebrilliantkitchen.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Menu
Reviews
Toaster Ovens
Microwaves
Toasters
Multi-Cookers
Juicers
Blenders & Food Processors
Coffee Makers
Espresso Machines
Mini-Fridges
Refrigerators
Dishwashers
Tips
Recipes
Subscribe
About
About Me
Contact Me
At Thebrilliantkitchen.com we consider the privacy of our visitors to be extremely important. This privacy policy document describes in detail the types of personal information is collected and recorded by Thebrilliantkitchen.com and how we use it.
Log FilesLike many other Web sites, Thebrilliantkitchen.com makes use of log files. These files merely log visitors to the site – usually a standard procedure for hosting companies and a part of hosting services’s analytics. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks. This information is used to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
Cookies and Web BeaconsThebrilliantkitchen.com uses cookies to store information about visitors’ preferences, to record user-specific information on which pages the site visitor accesses or visits, and to personalize or customize our web page content based upon visitors’ browser type or other information that the visitor sends via their browser.
Amazon Associates Program
Thebrilliantkitchen.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com, Amazon.co.uk, Amazon.ca.
If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers’ respective websites. What Are Cookies?
Ezoic
We use Ezoic to provide personalization and analytic services on this website, as such Ezoic’s privacy policy is in effect and can be reviewed here.
Children’s InformationWe believe it is important to provide added protection for children online. We encourage parents and guardians to spend time online with their children to observe, participate in and/or monitor and guide their online activity. Thebrilliantkitchen.com does not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian believes that Thebrilliantkitchen.com has in its database the personally-identifiable information of a child under the age of 13, please contact us immediately (using the contact in the first paragraph) and we will use our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.
Online Privacy Policy OnlyThis privacy policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our website and regarding information shared and/or collected there.This policy does not apply to any information collected offline or via channels other than this website.
ConsentBy using our website, you hereby consent to our privacy policy and agree to its terms.
UpdateThis Privacy Policy was last updated on: Thursday, January 16th, 2020.
Should we update, amend or make any changes to our privacy policy, those changes will be posted here.