https://thechocolatetruffle.com/privacy/
Chocolates
Choose Your Own Chocolates
Chocolate Bowls
Turtles
Truffles
Choose your own Chocolate Truffles
Sweet & Salty
Gluten Free
Corp. Gifts
Favors
Seasonal
Halloween & Thanksgiving
Christmas
Valentines
Cart
Shop
EmailFacebookInstagram
This website “thechocolatetruffle.com” is owned and operated by Memory Lane Sweets LLC, D/B/A. The Chocolate Truffle. The Chocolate Truffle realizes the importance of maintaining the privacy of our customers and other website users (collectively “Users”). We have posted this privacy policy (“Policy”) to describe our practices regarding the collection and use of information from Users.
This Policy was last amended on 7/14/2020. We may update this Policy from time to time, so we invite you to review this page periodically. When we make changes, we may send an e-mail to you or notify you the next time you visit, and we will post the updated Policy on this web page. All changes will go into effect on the date that is listed in our Policy. The new Policy will apply to all past and current users of thechocolatetruffle.com and will replace any prior Policies. By using this website, you consent to the terms of this Policy.
Note: You must be 18 years or older to place an order on thechocolatetruffle.com.
1. WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We collect the following information about you in various ways, including when you make purchases, join our email list and when you visit our website or social media sites:
If you choose to join our “Email List”, we collect your name and Email address.If you shop with us via thechocolatetruffle.com, we collect the following information about you: name, address, phone number, email address, billing information including credit card number and expiration date as well as the names, addresses and phone numbers of gift recipients (if any). We use your name, address, phone number, billing information/credit card information to process your order or as otherwise described in this Policy.If you visit our Facebook, Instagram, or other social media pages, we may collect information you submit or make publicly available.We also collect any information you submit to us when you participate in our promotions.We also collect information automatically using technology when you visit our website or social media pages or when you open one of our e-mails.
2. HOW WE USE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We use the information you supply for the purpose of providing the services you have requested and as described in this Policy. The email address you provide is used for internal purposes, such as confirming and tracking your order. In addition, The Chocolate Truffle may contact you via email or regular mail to keep you up-to-date on the latest thechocolatetruffle.com news or to send you our latest catalog. If you would like to opt out of receiving mailings from The Chocolate Truffle, please contact us at info@thechocolatetruffle.com or call us at (781) 944-7155 Monday through Friday from 10 am to 5 pm EST.
In certain instances we may disclose your personally identifiable information when we have reason to believe that it is necessary to enforce this Policy, the terms of use that govern thechocolatetruffle.com, to otherwise manage our business, or to bring legal action against persons or entities who may be causing injury to you, The Chocolate Truffle or others. We may also disclose your personally identifiable information when we believe the law requires it. In the event of a merger, consolidation or sale or transfer of our company or its assets, it is possible that User information collected will be transferred to the purchaser or the new company.
3. COOKIES, WEB BEACONS AND JAVASCRIPT
The Chocolate Truffle uses automatic tracking technologies, including “cookies” and clear gifs (or “web beacons”). These small files are sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive. The Chocolate Truffle, and service providers acting on our behalf, may place cookies and web beacons on your computer for the purpose of understanding how Users utilize thechocolatetruffle.com, to track purchases and other website information, and to help measure the effectiveness of our marketing and promotional campaigns. Web beacons may be used to provide data to third parties for tracking purposes. Cookies also allow you to save time during checkout in return visits. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but they should also allow you to instruct your browser to prevent the use of cookies. You may use the Help feature on your browser to find information on how to manage, restrict, or prevent the use of cookies. Please note that if you disable cookies certain aspects of thechocolatetruffle.com will not function properly, such as the shopping cart. We also use “web beacons” in our HTML-based emails to let us know which emails have been opened by recipients. This allows us to track the effectiveness of certain communications as well as the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns. ‘If you would like to opt-out of these emails, you can opt out by clicking the “Unsubscribe” button within the Email, contact us at info@thechocolatetruffle.com or call us at (781) 944-7155 Monday through Friday from 10 am to 5 pm EST. Note that if you delete your cookies, use a different browser, or buy a new computer, you will need to renew your opt-out choice.
4. PROMOTIONS
Thechocolatetruffle.com sometimes includes notices of promotions we are conducting, and we may permit you to enter electronically in some cases. If that occurs, we will use the information you provide for the purpose of conducting the promotion and for any other purpose for which we might use information about you collected through this website.
5. MARKET RESEARCH
From time to time, The Chocolate Truffle may also contact you through social media, via email, postal mail or phone to conduct questionnaires and surveys. Survey information is treated like all of the information we collect.
6. ACCESS TO & CHOICES ABOUT YOUR INFORMATION
You may choose to: (1) stop receiving promotional materials by mail, phone, or email; or (2) update or correct your personal information. To carry out any of these choices:
You may unsubscribe from marketing emails from us or our mail order catalog by contacting us at info@thechocolatetruffle.com or call us at (781) 944-7155 Monday through Friday from 10 am to 5 pm EST. Please note that removal from our postal lists may take up to 6 to 8 weeks to be effective. You may send us an email at info@thechocolatetruffle.com or write to us at Customer Service, The Chocolate Truffle, 494 Main Street, Reading, MA 01867. Please include your current contact information, the information you are interested in accessing, and your requested changes. We will make the changes you request or provide an explanation of what actions we will be able to make in response to your request.
7. LIVE CUSTOMER SERVICE ASSISTANCE
The Chocolate Truffle offers Users live customer service assistance via calling us at (781) 944-7155. Information you provide during a call may be used to assist with your inquiry, as well as for any purpose permitted under the Policy. Calls may be recorded for quality assurance and training purposes.
8. THIRD PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS
The Chocolate Truffle sometimes employs other companies and individuals to perform services for us. For example, we hire agencies to deliver orders you place, and to provide customer service. We may share your personally identifiable information with these parties, who have agreed to hold this information in confidence, not use it for any purpose except to carry out the requested service, and honor The Chocolate Truffle’s privacy and security policies in the way this information is handled.
9. SECURITY
The Chocolate Truffle takes your privacy and security seriously. For this reason, we work to establish technical, administrative, and physical security measures to protect against unauthorized access or use of personal information. We cannot, however, guarantee the security of any information you send to us and you do so at your own risk.
10. OTHER SITES
This website may contain links to websites operated by other companies. The Chocolate Truffle is not responsible for the policies and practices of those third- party sites. You should check the applicable privacy policies of the other sites you visit.
11. CONTACTING THE CHOCOLATE TRUFFLE
If you have any questions about our Policy, you can e-mail us at info@thechocolatetruffle.com or write to us at Customer Service, The Chocolate Truffle, 494 Main Street, Reading, MA 01867. We’ll be happy to answer your questions or hear your concerns.
The Chocolate Truffle Terms and Conditions (“Agreement”)
This Agreement was last modified on July 14, 2020.
Please read these Terms and Conditions (“Agreement”, “Terms and Conditions”) carefully before using https://www.thechocolatetruffle.com (“the Site”) operated by Memory Lane Sweets LLC. D/B/A The Chocolate Truffle, (“us”, “we”, or “our”). This Agreement sets forth the legally binding terms and conditions for your use of the Site at https://www.thechocolatetruffle.com
By accessing or using the Site in any manner, including, but not limited to, visiting or browsing the Site or contributing content or other materials to the Site, you agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions. Capitalized terms are defined in this Agreement.
Intellectual Property The Site and its original content, features and functionality are owned by The Chocolate Truffle and are protected by international copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret and other intellectual property or proprietary rights laws.
Links To Other Sites Our Site may contain links to third-party sites that are not owned or controlled by The Chocolate Truffle.
The Chocolate Truffle has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services. We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policy of any third-party site that you visit.
Governing Law This Agreement (and any further rules, polices, or guidelines incorporated by reference) shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of Massachusetts, United States, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law.
Changes To This Agreement We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms and Conditions by posting the updated terms on the Site. Your continued use of the Site after any such changes constitutes your acceptance of the new Terms and Conditions.
Please review this Agreement periodically for changes. If you do not agree to any of this Agreement or any changes to this Agreement, do not use, access or continue to access the Site or discontinue any use of the Site immediately.
Contact Us If you have any questions about this Agreement, please contact us.
The Gourmet Chocolatier
Craig is a fourth generation confectioner who grew up in the candy business. He takes great pride in the products that he creates. Refusing to use inferior ingredients and only using the finest chocolate that he can obtain. More About Craig…
Join Our Email List
Please fill out form below to receive news and specials from The Chocolate Truffle
Our News
The best part about choosing your favorite chocolate truffles is walking into the shop and smelling that sweet aroma of fresh-made chocolates. With glittering ... continue reading...
Map & Directions
OUR HOURS