https://thecountrybasket.com/privacy-policy/
HomeAboutBiographyContact FormConversions to
MetricDisclaimerPrivacy PolicyTopic
You are here: Home » Privacy Policy
Who we are
Our website address is: https://thecountrybasket.com.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
FOLLOW ME ON PINTEREST
Advertisement
Categories
Bread
Decorating
Gardening
Household
In the Kitchen
Just for Fun
Nature
Pinterest Recipes I tried
Recipes
Appetizers
Back to Basics
Breads
Breakfast
Desserts
Dinners / Main Dishes
Drinks
Gluten Free
Holiday
Household
Kids' Favorites
Norwegian
Seasoning Mixes
Sides
Soups
Reviews
Recent Posts
Thin, Crispy Cut-Out Christmas Cookies, Recipe
Hearty Garden Chili Recipe
Tender Whole Wheat English Muffins Recipe
Norwegian Risgrøt, Rice Porridge, Pressure Cooker Recipe
Norwegian Risengrynsgrøt 6 Ways; Rice Porridge Recipe
Traditional Norwegian Fårikål, Lamb & Cabbage Recipe
Authentic Norwegian Meatballs / Kjøttkaker Recipe
Trader Joe’s Beauty Products; Better for Your Health?
Delicious Cherry Lemonade for a Crowd. Recipe & Tips
Super Chewy Crinkly Sugar Cookies, Recipe
Tender Cream Cheese Sugar Cookies, Recipe
Soft Homemade Flour Tortillas; Picture Recipe
Old Fashioned Meatloaf Recipe
Strawberry Cream Cheese Cobbler Recipe, Picture Tutorial
Planting and Growing Green Beans in the Home Garden
Cream Cheese Squares Recipe, Picture Guide
Deluxe Scalloped Potatoes; Recipe & Pictures
Norwegian Fiskegrateng; Fish Au Gratin Recipe
Perfect Chicken with Top 3 Homemade Dry Rub Recipes
How to Grow Carrots From Seed to Harvest. Tips & Pictures
Archives
December 2019
November 2017
February 2017
December 2016
November 2016
October 2016
September 2016
July 2016
April 2016
March 2016
January 2016
May 2015
April 2015
March 2015
February 2015
January 2015
December 2014
November 2014
April 2013
March 2013
February 2013
January 2013
December 2012
November 2012
October 2012
September 2012
August 2012
July 2012
June 2012
May 2012
April 2012
March 2012
February 2012
January 2012
December 2011
November 2011
October 2011
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement