https://thekitchenoutlet.com/terms-and-privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy and Terms
We respect your privacy! When you visit the Kitchen Outlet Online Store, our commitment to you as our valued customer is to provide the most valuable, informative and quality experience possible using today’s most mindful business sensibilities and cutting-edge technologies. In order to do so, we collect information about you so that we may provide you with all of the benefits that the The Kitchen Outlet Online Store has to offer. Because we respect your privacy, we will always handle this information in a safe and responsible manner.
We will never sell your personal information to anyone for any reason. When you provide the The Kitchen Outlet Online Store with information about yourself or anyone else, that information is safely stored in our secure database server. To best serve you, the The Kitchen Outlet Online Store will share that information only with its own employees and with carefully-selected outside companies that we hire to perform services for us, such as maintaining our database of customer information or preparing and distributing e-mail or paper-mail messages to our customers.
We require that these outside companies agree, in writing, to keep confidential all information that we share with them and to use such information only to perform their obligations in their agreements with The Kitchen Outlet. We will continue to find new ways to enhance your experience at the The Kitchen Outlet Online Store, and we welcome your periodic review of our Privacy Policy as we update it from time to time to reflect improved technologies and services.
Product Search
Search for:
Search
Cart Product Categories
Select a category
Baking Helpers
Bar Accessories
Charles Viancin
Clearance Items
Cook’s tools
Fashion Masks
Greeting Cards
Household
Jigsaw Puzzles
Made In USA
New Products
Party Supplies
Swedish Dish/Sponge Cloths
Table Top
Tea & Coffee Accessories
Uncategorized
Follow Us
Quick Search Termsandreas
baking
Bamboo
Beverage Napkin
Birthday Card
Bottle Stopper
BPA Free
butter dish
charles viancin
chefs
christmas
clearance
Cocktail Napkin
cocktail napkins
cocktails
cooking
cutting board
design design
French Bull
Graphique
happy hour
Hart
hostess gift
Island Bamboo
jar opener
Le Cadeaux
Luminary
melamine
modgy
Notecard
Now Designs
poppy
Red
red wine
RSVP
Silicone
Spreader
supreme housewares
swedish dishcloth
Tiramisu Paperie
trudeau
Twisted Wares
vase
Wine
Wine Stopper
Subscribe To Our NewsletterJoin our mailing list to receive 10% OFF this order OR any future order!
SUBSCRIBE!
You have successfully subscribed! Your coupon code will arrive in your email box shortly.
Pin It on Pinterest
Share This
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest