https://theop.games/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy | The Op Games
Skip to content
0
Brands
MonopolyClueTrivial PursuitYahtzeeRiskJengaScrabbleOperation
TelestrationsBlank SlateHues and CuesCoded ChroniclesRisingCodenamesMunchkinTalisman
BatmanBeetlejuiceBob's BurgersBreaking BadDisneyDragon Ball ZGame of ThronesGarbage Pail Kids
GodzillaHarry PotterITKingdom HeartsMarvelMy Hero AcademiaNational ParksNightmare Before Christmas
NintendoRick and MortyScooby-Doo!SpongeBob SquarePantsThe Golden GirlsThe SimpsonsToy StoryWarhammer 40,000
View More Brands
Categories
Signature GamesBest SellersHasbro GamesAccessories & DiceCard GamesChess SetsCooperative GamesFamily GamesParty GamesPuzzlesHorrorStrategy GamesTrivia Games
ShopBlogSupport
Replacement PartsRetailer InformationCorporate GamesFAQsPressAbout UsContact Us
0
Log In
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: December 11, 2019
USAopoly respects your privacy.  The following online privacy policy describes the information we collect through the website located at www.theop.games (the “Website”) and how we use it. By accessing or using our Website, you consent to our Privacy Policy.  USAopoly may modify this Privacy Policy at any time without notice, effective upon its posting to the Website. Your continued use of the Website constitutes your acceptance to this Privacy Policy and any updates. You agree to review this Privacy Policy regularly so that you understand our current Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into, and is subject to, the Terms of Use. Any capitalized terms not defined in this policy have the meaning set forth in the Terms of Use.
A Note About Children
If you are under the age of 18, please discuss your use of this Website and our Privacy Policy with your parent or guardian.  We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. We also do not permit children under 13 to participate in those areas of the Website which require a user to submit an email address to participate in the feature or which allow a user to post comments or other information.  In the event a child under the age of 13 contacts us directly and identifies him or herself as being under the age of 13, we will retain the child’s information only as long as is necessary to respond to his or her specific request and then will delete all such information.
Collecting Information
When you visit USAopoly’s Website you provide us with personal information you knowingly disclose to us and Website interaction information collected by us. We request information from you (which may include name, age, address, telephone number, email address, city location, zip code, and when necessary, credit card information) when you make purchases, ask a question, request to receive communications, or participate in a promotion or other Website feature.  We also collect any information which you decide to share, for example by contacting us directly; or by participating in surveys, sweepstakes or contests.  Like many Websites, we also gather information about how visitors use our Website. For more information, see the “Cookies and Pixel Tags” section below.
The following table shows the different categories of information and whether we have collected information in that category over the last twelve months.  Note that a “Yes” means only that we have collected some information within the category and not that we have collected all of the types of information listed as examples.  For example, while we collect “Identifiers”, we do not collect driver’s license numbers or Social Security Numbers.
Category
Examples
Collected?
A. Identifiers.
A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, Social Security number, driver’s license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers.
Yes.
B. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
A name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver’s license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information.
Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories.
Yes.
C. Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status, genetic information (including familial genetic information).
No.
D. Commercial information.
Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Yes.
E. Biometric information.
Genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics, or activity patterns used to extract a template or other identifier or identifying information, such as, fingerprints, faceprints, and voiceprints, iris or retina scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns, and sleep, health, or exercise data.
No.
F. Internet activity or other similar network activity.
Browsing history, search history, information on a Consumer’s interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.
Yes.
G. Geolocation data.
Physical location or movements.
No.
H. Sensory data.
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
No.
I. Professional or employment-related information.
Current or past job history or performance evaluations.
No.
J. Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)).
Education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial information, or student disciplinary records.
No.
Note that personal information does not include:
Publicly available information from government records;
De-identified, anonymized, or aggregated information;
Information excluded from the scope of laws that define “personal information”.
Use and Sharing of Information
We may use the information we collect to:
Operate, provide, improve and maintain the Website;
Process and deliver orders for products;
Send you information electronically, through the mail or by other means about USAopoly which we believe you may be interested in;
Customize and/or personalize your communications and shopping experience;
Better respond to your customer service inquiries;
Communicate with you about your purchase or customer service needs;
Communicate with you about our products and events, and for other promotional purposes;
Improve our business; or
Administer contests, promotions, surveys or other Website features.
The table below illustrates the different categories of information we use for each purpose:
Purpose/Activity
Categories of Information
To register you as a new customer
(A) Identity
(B) Personal Information
To process and deliver your order
(A) Identity
(B) Personal Information
(D) Commercial Information
(F) Internet Activity
To manage our relationship with you
(A) Identity
(B) Personal Information
(D) Commercial Information
(F) Internet Activity
To enable you to partake in a prize draw, competition or complete a survey
(A) Identity
(B) Personal Information
(D) Commercial Information
(F) Internet Activity
To administer and protect our business and this website
(A) Identity
(B) Personal Information
(F) Internet Activity
To deliver relevant website content and information to you and measure or understand the effectiveness of the information we provide to you
(A) Identity
(B) Personal Information
(F) Internet Activity
To use data analytics to improve our website, products/services, marketing, customer relationships and experiences
(F) Internet Activity
To make suggestions and recommendations to you about goods or services that may be of interest to you
(A) Identity
(B) Personal Information
(D) Commercial Information
(F) Internet Activity
For the purpose of operating our business, we may transfer information between USAopoly and our preferred service providers who use that information only to conduct USAopoly business.  For example, they may handle USAopoly’s credit card processing, shipping, data management, email distribution, market research, information analysis, and promotions management. We may also share your information to administer a Website feature.  We provide our preferred service providers with the information they need to perform their services and work with them to protect your information.
We may disclose specific information upon governmental request, in response to a court order, when required by law, to enforce our Website policies, or to protect our or others’ rights, property or safety. We may share information to prevent illegal uses of the Website or violations of the Terms of Use, or defend ourselves against third-party claims. We may also share information with companies assisting in fraud protection or investigation. We may also share information with companies under the terms of certain agreements, such as license agreements or promotional agreements that allow USAopoly to sell or market its products by using a third party’s intellectual property.  Additionally, in the event that all or substantially all of the assets relating to USAopoly are transferred or sold to another entity, personally identifiable information submitted to us may be transferred to the acquiring entity. Except for such an acquisition, USAopoly does not sell information to third parties.  USAopoly cannot control the use of or guarantee the confidentiality of your information once it has been transferred to any third party.
USAopoly has shared the following categories of information:
(A) Identity
(B) Personal Information
(D) Commercial Information
(F) Internet Activity
USAopoly shares the above information with service providers and with third parties who authorize USAopoly to use their intellectual property to manufacture and sell products.
California Privacy Rights
If you reside in California, then you have the following rights:
You have the right to opt-out of any sale of your personal information.
You have the right to request the deletion of your personal information.
You have the right to request us to disclose to you, no more than twice in a 12-month period, the personal information about you that USAopoly collects, uses, discloses, and sells during the preceding 12 months, which shall include as follows:
The categories of personal information that we’ve collected and sold about you, or shared for a business purpose with our service providers.
The sources from which we collected such information.
The third parties with whom we’ve shared that personal information and to whom we’ve sold that personal information.
The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information.
The specific pieces of personal information we’ve collected about you.
If you wish to exercise any of the above rights, please contact us using this form:  https://theop.games/replacements/.  Your request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify that you are the person about whom we collected personal information (or an authorized representative of such person).
Describe what you are asking for with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you.
We will use reasonable efforts to respond to a verifiable request within forty-five (45) days of its receipt. If we require more time (up to 90 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing.  We will deliver our response by email or by providing you with a link through which you can access the response.  Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding our receipt of the verifiable request. The response we provide will explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
We will not discriminate against you because you exercised your rights under this section of the Privacy Policy.
Unsubscribing from Email Marketing
To opt-out and stop receiving email updates, you can send an e-mail to remove@usaopoly.com or follow the unsubscribe instructions provided on all USAopoly e-mails.
Protecting Your Information
We use a variety of security measures, including encryption and authentication tools to maintain the safety of your personal information. When you place orders or access your personal information, we offer the use of a secure server. All credit card information you supply is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our credit card processor’s databases. REGARDLESS OF THESE EFFORTS, USAOPOLY CANNOT GUARANTEE THE SECURITY OR CONFIDENTIALITY OF ANY OF THE INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE TO US.
Cookies and Pixel Tags
USAopoly receives and records information from your browser when you use the Website and may use a variety of methods, such as cookies and pixel tags to collect this information. A cookie is a small removable data file that is stored by your web browser on you computer. Cookies allow you to place an order on our Website and allow us to enhance and personalize your online experience.
For example, we use cookies to:
Remember the items in your shopping cart
Recognize you when you return to our Website
Analyze visitor behavior
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent or you can choose to turn off all cookies. If you turn cookies off, some of our services will not function properly.
We may use pixel tags – tiny graphic images – to help us analyze your online behavior. Pixel tags also allow us to send you email in a format you can read and let us know when you have opened an email message from us. We may use pixel tags to collect information about your visit, including the pages you view, the links you click and other actions taken in connection with our Website. We also collect certain standard information that your browser sends to every Website you visit, such as your IP address, browser type and language, username, system type, whether you have enabling software to access certain Website features, access times and referring Website addresses. Websites visited before visiting the USAopoly Website might place personal information within the URL of your browser during a visit to that Website. USAopoly may unintentionally collect that information as part of the referring Website information we collect.
International Users
This Website is operated, in whole or in part, from the United States. By using this Website, regardless of where you live in the world, you consent to have your personal data transferred to and processed in the United States, and allow USAopoly to use and collect your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Terms of Use
Your use of the Website, and any disputes arising from it, is subject to this Privacy Policy as well as our Terms of Use. Please visit our Terms of Use section that explains other terms governing the use of our Website.
Join the Conversation
BrandsTelestrations
Codenames
Munchkin
Harry Potter
Disney
Marvel
Rick and Morty
Nintendo
More Brands
InterestsSignature Games
Best Sellers
Hasbro Games
Party Games
Cooperative Games
Card Games
Puzzles
Accessories & Dice
More Interests
About UsOur Story
News & Announcements
Press
Careers
Custom Games
Playtesting
Retailer Info
SupportContact Us
Replacement Parts
FAQs
Shipping & Returns
My Account
Order Support
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
© 2020 USAOPOLY, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
ORDERS $45+ SHIP FREE | PRODUCTS SHIP TO U.S. ONLY Dismiss
Your cart is emptyReturn to Shop
SpongeBob SquarePants: Plankton Rising
Harry Potter™: Death Eaters™ Rising
The Goonies Dice Set
Harry Potter™ “Christmas at Hogwarts™” 550 Piece Puzzle
Harley Quinn "Die Laughing" 1000 Piece Puzzle
Calculate Shipping
By using this website, you agree to our use of cookies. View our Privacy Policy.ACCEPT