https://thesanfranciscochocolatefactory.com/company/privacy-policy/
888-732-4626
info@sfchocolate.com
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
0 Items
Privacy Policy
Bridge Brands, Inc. understands that online privacy is very important to you. We have adopted this Privacy Policy as part of our commitment to your privacy. The terms “we”, “us”, and “our” refer to Bridge Brands, Inc. and its affiliated companies.
This Privacy Policy applies to information we obtain via https://www.thesanfranciscochocolatefactory.com (referred to hereafter as the Site.) Please note that the Privacy Policy applies only to your interactions with us through the Site. It does not apply to interactions through our retail store(s). Additionally, when using the Site you may choose to store the details of your credit cards used to purchase merchandise on the Site. We currently use a company called Braintree, a division of PayPal, Inc. which processes your credit card payments and stores your credit card information should you choose to do so. The storage of your credit card information is governed by a separate privacy policy maintained by PayPal, Inc. which you can review here.
1. What Information We Obtain
When you use the Site, we may obtain personally identifiable information from you which you give us — such as your name, physical address, email address, telephone number, account number –- as well as any information you may submit through product reviews, the Feedback function, or via email. We may also collect personally identifiable information about you from third parties, such as demographic or marketing firms to improve our marketing efforts, or fraud prevention companies. Additionally, when you use the Site, we obtain information automatically, such as the Internet Protocol (IP) address and other information about the device you are using to access the Site, including browser information, Internet Service Provider (ISP), operating system, and your physical location.
2. How We Use Information We Obtain
We use the information we obtain from your use of the Site to conduct our business and to market products and services to you. If you order from the Site, we may send you emails and notices about your order and about other merchandise and services that we think may be of interest to you. We may also share information we obtain with other members of the Bridge Brands, Inc. corporate family. We do not sell or rent the information we obtain. If you want to opt out of getting promotional emails from Bridge Brands, Inc., see Section 5 below. We also use the information we obtain for other business purposes, such as payment processing, analytics, fraud prevention, and legal compliance.
3. How We Share Information We Obtain
We may disclose the information we obtain with service providers that perform marketing, promotional and other services for us. Service providers who perform marketing services on our behalf are required by us to use personally identifiable information we share only to help us to provide you with products and services from Bridge Brands, Inc.. We may also provide information to carefully selected outside companies for the purpose of jointly marketing a product or service to you. We may share information about aggregate shopping histories and demographics with consultants and others for purposes such as analyzing sales, website performance, retail trends and marketing, but such information does not identify you or any other individual.
We also share information with other companies which provide us with services we use to conduct our business operations, including product recommendations and fraud prevention. We may also share information when we believe that it is required by law or necessary to operate our business (e.g., to our attorneys, auditors, or accountants), to protect your rights, to protect our rights or to protect the rights of others. We may also disclose the information we obtain to any company which may in the future acquire Bridge Brands, Inc. or a portion of its business.
4. How We Use Cookies and Similar Technology
A “cookie” is a small data file stored by your web browser on your device. It allows the Site to recognize your device upon entering the Site. We use cookies to keep track of when you return to the Site, to identify the pages you click on during your visit to the Site and the name of the site you visited immediately before visiting the Site. We use information obtained via cookies to improve and secure the Site, including improving our site design, product assortments, customer service, and special promotions; to prevent fraud; and to provide you with product recommendations. Such recommendations may be presented to you on other sites you visit, including social network sites such as Facebook. You can disable and delete cookies through your web browser. However, you will not be able to make purchases on the Site if you disable cookies.
We use Google® Analytics to compile information collected via cookies in a manner which is helpful to us in analyzing visitors’ use of the Site. Google® Analytics also uses this information to place advertisements for our products on other sites that you visit after your use of the Site. These advertisements may be based upon the pages you visited during your use of the Site. You may opt out of Google® Analytics’ use of your browsing history information in this manner at any time by visiting Google’s Ad Preferences Manager. You may also choose to install the Google® Analytics Opt-Out Browser Add-on which if installed, will prevent Google® Analytics from using information obtained from your use of the Site.
5. How You Can Opt Out of Promotional E-mail
You can opt out of promotional e-mails from us by clicking the “unsubscribe” link in the body of any promotional e-mail we send. If you “opt out” of receiving promotional emails from us, the only e-mails you will receive will be (I) about transactions that you initiate (such as to confirm orders you submit on the Site, inform you about your order status, respond to your customer service inquiries and answer any other questions you send us); (II) about matters affecting your Personal Information; and (III) in connection with certain services or promotions for which you have registered, such as our coupon program.
6. Miscellaneous Information
Changes to this Privacy Policy: We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy, and to apply any changes to previously collected personal information. We urge you to periodically check this Privacy Policy for any changes. The last revised date will change when we make revisions to the policy. All changes will be effective upon posting or as otherwise stated in the revision. If you cannot accept the terms of the Privacy Policy, as posted, please do not use the Site.
Do Not Track Header: Some web browsers and devices permit you to broadcast a preference that you not be “tracked” online. At this time we do not modify your experience based upon whether such a signal is broadcast.
Data Security: Security of your information is very important to us, and we follow reasonable procedures to protect the information in our possession. However, no security system is perfect, and we accordingly cannot guarantee that a security breach will not occur.
Governing Law, Dispute Jurisdiction: The laws of the State of California, excluding its choice of law principles, govern all matters arising from or related to the Site, including your access and use, and any Internet transaction between you and us.
External Links: Our Site may have links to third party websites. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any other web sites. You should review their privacy policies.
Children’s Privacy: We do not knowingly request or collect personal information from any person under 13 years of age through the Site without prior verifiable parental consent. If we become aware that an individual is under the age of 13 and has submitted any information to us through the Site for any purpose without prior verifiable parental consent, we will delete his or her information from our files. Although we permit users to post reviews concerning our products, we do not encourage users to include their full name when posting reviews. If you are under 18, have included your name in a review, and would like Bridge Brands, Inc. to remove your name you can contact us at the email address, telephone number, or mailing address below with your request. Please note that even when we remove your name, the removal may not remove the remainder of your post or remove your name from all copies of the post.
The Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act
The Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) protects the online privacy and personal information of children under 13 years of age. In compliance with this act, Bridge Brands, Inc. does not promote online to children and does not intentionally collect any personally identifiable information from children under 13. Children under the age of 13 must be signed up by their parents and use their parent’s email address in order to receive e-mail updates.
Latest Revision: April 20, 2016
The San Francisco Chocolate Factory1519 Mission St.San Francisco, CA 94103 US(888) 732-4626 info@bridgebrands.com