http://thestitchingpost.com.au/privacy-policy
Shopping Cart
0 item(s) - See Item for Pricing
Your shopping cart is empty!
Welcome visitor you can login or create an account.
,
HomeMy AccountShopping CartCheckoutLatest ProductsContact Us
Categories
Giftware
Patchwork Fabric
- 1930's Fabric
- Japanese/Oriental
- Moda Fabrics
- RJR Fabrics
Patterns
- The Stitching Post
Threads
Needles, Pins and Accessories
Home
» Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The Stitching Post knows that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so with honestly and integrity. This notice describes our privacy policy.
The information we learn from customers helps us to continually improve our service. We receive and store any information you enter on our Website or give to us in any other way. You can choose not to provide any of this information. The Stitching Post uses the information you provide to:
Improve our Website and service.
Inform you of special offers.
To communicate with you.
The Stitching Post respects the request of any individual asking to have their e-mail address opted-out of our database. Every email we send you will include opt-out instructions, or you can opt-out at any time by sending an email to karen@thestitchingpost.com.au. If we receive an opt-out request, we will immediately remove all of your details from our systems. Once we have processed an opt-out request, you will receive no further contact from The Stitching Post, its representatives or associated companies unless you purchase from us again.
The privacy of our customers is an important part of our business. The Stitching Post is not in the business of selling information or email lists to others. We share customer information only with the subsidiaries of The Stitching Post, controls and as described below.
Occasionally, we send offers to selected groups of The Stitching Post customers on behalf of other businesses. When we do this, that business does not receive any personal details you have provided to The Stitching Post, including your email address. All such offers are emailed from our servers, and each email contains opt-out instructions. The only way these companies can receive any personal information about you, is if you provide this information to them in responding to their offers.
We release account and other personal information when the Law requires it, to enforce conditions of use, to protect the rights or property of The Stitching Post and in the prevention of fraud.
By visiting The Stitching Post, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice.
Continue
FeedBurner - Receive Free Email Updates:
© Copyright 2020 The Stitching Post ®
The Stitching Post ® is a Registered Trademark - All Rights Reserved
The
Stitching Post
Address: 100 Lurline Street Katoomba NSW 2780 Australia
Phone: (02) 4782 5809   Email:Contact Us
facebook.com/thestitchingpost
Information
Shipping Costs
About Us
Returns and Refunds
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Customer Service
Contact Us
Site Map
Extras
Brands
Gift Vouchers
Specials
All Products
My Account
My Account
Order History
Wish List
Newsletter