http://thetubestore.com/privacy
Resources › Customer Service Info ›
Home
Privacy Policy - www.thetubestore.com
1. About Your Privacy(1) At thetubestore Inc. (the “www.thetubestore.com”), your privacy is, very important to us. We are dedicated to providing superior service while protecting your privacy.
(2) “Personal Information” is defined in Canada’s Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act, S.C. 2000, c. 5 (“PIPEDA”), as information about an identifiable individual, but does not include the name, title or business address or telephone number of an employee of an organization.2. Our Privacy Principles(1) www.thetubestore.com is committed to maintaining the accuracy, confidentiality and security of your personal information. As part of this commitment, thetubestore has adopted the following principles, based on the values set by the Canadian Standards Association’s Model Code for the Protection of Personal Information and Canada’s PIPEDA. (a) Our privacy officer is responsible for our compliance; which includes protecting all personal information held by our organization or transferred to any third party for processing; the privacy officer is also responsible for the development and implementation of personal information policies and practices.
(b) Identifying Purposes: Unless the purpose is self-evident due to the nature of the transaction in question, we will identify the purposes for which personal information is collected at or before the time the information is. Self-evident examples is information collected in order to process payments or ensure proper delivery.
(c) Consent: We will collect, use or disclose your personal information only with your knowledge and consent, except where required or permitted by law. We will not make your consent a requirement to purchase other than as required to be able to process and ship your order. Consent can be express or, in some circumstances, implied, and given in writing, by using or not using a check-off box, electronically, orally (in person or by telephone), or by your conduct, such as use of a product or service.
(d) Limiting Collection: The personal information we collect shall be limited only to that which is necessary for the purposes identified.
(e) Limiting Use, Disclosure and Retention: Personal information will only be used for the reason(s) given when collected, and it will be retained for a reasonable time to satisfy the purpose.
(f) Accuracy: We shall keep personal information as accurate, complete and up-to-date as possible and provide the ability to update personal information.
(g) Safeguards: Protect personal information against loss or theft; safeguard the information from unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification; protect personal information regardless of the format in which it is held.
(h) Openness: We will make our policies and practices understandable and easily available
(i) Individual’s Access: Upon written request to our Privacy Officer, we will confirm if we have collected any personal information; explain how it is or has been used, and provide a list of any organizations to which it has been disclosed; provide reasonable access to the information; correct or amend any personal information; provide a copy of the information requested, or reasons for not providing access.
(j) Handling Enquiries or Complaints: Any questions or enquiries concerning compliance with our privacy policies and procedures may be addressed to our Privacy Officer, as set out below. 3. Why We Collect and Use Personal Information
(1) Collecting personal information enables us to provide or recommend products that best meet your needs, or those of an authorized third party (like a payment processor).
(2) Personal information may be used:
(a) to determine eligibility for products and services;
(b) to process payments, ship orders, and provide requested information, products or services;
(c) to understand and assess ongoing needs and offer products and services to meet those needs;
(d) for billing and accounting services relating to our products and services:
(e) for Client communication, service and administration;
(f) for claims administration;
(g) for internal, external and regulatory audit purposes;
(h) to comply with legal and regulatory requirements; or
(i) to share or exchange reports and information with credit reporting agencies, credit bureaus, and any other person, corporation, firm or enterprise to verify the accuracy of personal information.
(3) Personal information may also be used for other purposes with your consent.
4. Consent To Use Personal Information
(1) Consent may be obtained in various ways. We may obtain your express consent or we may determine that consent has been implied by the circumstances. Express consent could be in writing (for example in a signed consent, e-mail or application form), or verbally in person or over the telephone. When we receive personal information from you that enables us to provide you with a requested product or service, your consent to allow us to deal with that personal information in a reasonable manner would be implied.
(2) Providing us with your personal information is always your choice. When you request products, services or information from us, we ask that you provide information that enables us to respond to your request. In doing so, you consent to our collection, use and disclosure to appropriate third parties of such personal information for these purposes. You also authorize us to use and retain this personal information for as long as it may be required for the purposes described above. Your consent remains valid even after the termination of our relationship with you, unless you provide us with written notice that such consent is withdrawn. By withdrawing your consent, or not providing it in the first place, you may limit or even prevent us from being able to provide you or an authorized third party (such as an payment processor) with the products or services desired.
(3) There are also legal exceptions where we will not need to obtain consent or explain the purposes for the collection, use or disclosure of personal information. For example, this exception would apply if there is an emergency that threatens the life, health or security of an individual, or if we must comply with a court order.
5. Sharing Personal Information With Others
(1) As www.thetubestore.com continues to develop and grow, we may buy or sell parts of a business. As our businesses consist primarily of client relationships, information regarding the particular accounts or services being purchased or sold could include personal information and be one of the transferred business assets.
(2) In certain circumstances, we may be required to provide personal information to third parties for legal or regulatory purposes.
(3) We may also use this personal information to assess your future needs and to offer the products and services that may best meet those needs, from ourselves, our affiliates or reputable organizations selected by us. If you do not wish to receive these offers or such information, please contact our Privacy Officer as outlined below in the contact information section.
(4) www.thetubestore.com will not otherwise use or disclose your personal information without your consent except as described in this privacy policy, or as required by law, court order or as requested by other government or law enforcement authority. 6. Keeping Information Accurate
(1) It is important that your personal information is accurate and complete. Having accurate information about you enables us to give you the best possible service. You have the right to access, verify and amend the information we have about you. We rely on you to keep us informed of any changes, such as a change of address, telephone number or any other information. To do this, please contact our Privacy Officer.
(2) If you identify any personal information that is out-of-date, incorrect or incomplete, let us know and we will make the corrections promptly and use every reasonable effort to communicate these changes to other parties who may have inadvertently received incorrect or out-of-date personal information from us.
7. How We Safeguard Personal Information
(1) At thetubestore, we employ physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect our systems and all personal information under our control against unauthorized access and use. All safety and security measures are appropriate to the sensitivity level of the information collected.
(2) Our service providers and agents are required to maintain Client confidentiality, and may not use the information for any unauthorized purpose.
(3) Employees are governed by strict standards and policies to ensure that personal information is secure and treated with the utmost care and respect.
8. Privacy and the Internet
(1) www.thetubestore.com may collect user information from its Web sites (for example, via cookies which are alphanumeric identifiers transmitted from a Web site to a visitor’s browser and IP address). This information is used solely for enabling us to provide you with a customized online experience and to find ways to improve our site. Although cookies are widely used, it may be possible to disable cookies via your browser settings. However, in so doing, our website may not function properly or optimally.
(2) www.thetubestore.com Web sites may contain links to other third party sites that are not governed by this privacy policy. Although we endeavor to link only to sites with high privacy standards, our Privacy Policy will no longer apply once you leave this Web site (www.thetubestore.com). 9. Changes to this Privacy Policy www.thetubestore.com may from time to time change its Privacy Policy. Changes will be effective immediately. Please check this Privacy Policy regularly for updates by checking the date of “Last Update” at the top of this document. 10. Contact Information
Please contact our Privacy Officer to obtain further information about our policies and procedures or if you have any unresolved enquiries or concerns. Our Privacy Officer can be contacted as follows:
Mail: thetubestore Inc, 8-120 Lancing Drive, Hamilton, ON L8W3A1 Canada
Attention: Privacy Officer
E-mail: privacy@thetubestore.com
Fax: 905-570-1011
11. Traffic data
(1) Each time a visitor comes to www.thetubestore.com website, our server – like most on the Web – collects some basic technical information, including, for example, your domain name (e.g., whether the user has logged on from aol.com or msn.com), referral data (e.g., we record the address of the last URL a user visited prior to clicking through to www.thetubestore.com) and browser and platform type.
(2) We also count, track and aggregate the visitor’s activity into our analysis of general traffic flows at our site (e.g., tracking where traffic comes from, how traffic flows within the site, etc.). To these ends, we may merge information about visitors and visits into group data; but we will not disclose your identity or personally identifiable data without your permission. When we do present aggregated information to outside companies, no one will be able to identify you or contact you.
12. E-mail alert feature
After signing up to receive an e-mail alert or newsletter, users will start receiving an e-mail delivered on a regular basis as new issues of www.thetubestore.com are posted. We only collect subscribers’ e-mail addresses in order to distribute those newsletters and announcements and do not otherwise share them with any other companies or partners. 13. Surveys
www.thetubestore.com will from time to time conduct voluntary surveys of visitors to the site to obtain readers’ opinions. Such information may be compiled and shared in the aggregate with the press and other third parties, but personally identifiable information will not be shared.
14. Unsubscribe and data removal policies If you would like to unsubscribe from a www.thetubestore.com e-mail list, please follow the instructions at the bottom of the e-mail itself. If you would like to remove your name and e-mail address from our database, you can send an e-mail requesting removal to info@thetubestore.com. If you have joined the www.thetubestore.com membership program and want to remove your name and e-mail address from that mailing list, you can send an e-mail requesting removal to info@thetubestore.com.