https://theteaemporium.com/privacy-and-security/
Menu
CART(0)
SIGN IN
About
Shop
Learn
Journal
Locations
Contact
ProductsTea
Food
Gifts
Merchandise
Ensuring the privacy and security of your personal information is very important to us. Our privacy and security policy outlines the information we collect about you, how and why we use the information, and the choices you have to restrict the usage of this information.
Personal information you provide to us while creating or updating an account and at checkout (i.e. name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, billing address, ship-to address, and credit card information) are maintained in private files on our secure web server and on our internal systems. We also use cookies* to collect product and purchase information from the pages you access or visit. This information may be combined with other identifiable personal information (such as demographic and past purchase information) from our records and other sources. We may use this combined information for future marketing initiatives and to help us improve our website presentation and your overall shopping experience.
We may disclose specific personal information about you if required by law, governmental request, our court order, if based on our good faith and belief that it is necessary to conform or comply with such law request or court. We may also disclose information about you to other members of the The Tea Emporium corporate family, as well as a company contracted to help prevent the unauthorized use of credit and gift cards.
We offer those who sign up for our e-mail list advanced notice of sales, new merchandise, store openings, and other The Tea Emporium news. E-mail address collected at theteaemporium.com are use only internally. We respect your privacy rights and will not sell or rent your email address to other companies. Contact us if you would like to unsubscribe from our e-mail list. We will remove your name from our e-mail list as soon as possible. Please recognize that you may receive another e-mail from us before we are able to remove you.
* Cookies are bits of information that are automatically stored on your computer. Cookies do not contain and personally identifiavle information such as your name, address, or any financial information. If you do not wish to have cookies on your system, you can set your browser preferences to disable them.
TWITTER
FACEBOOK
INSTAGRAM
PINTEREST
About Us
Terms and Conditions
Privacy and Security
Returns Policy
The Tea Emporium. © 2015. All Rights Reserved.