https://thetoffeehouse.com/shipping-returns-privacy-policy/
ShopMenu
Categories
Toffee Popcorn & Caramel
Toffee Popcorn & Caramel
The Dangerous Stuff
The Dangerous Stuff
Chocolate Bark
Chocolate Bark
Emma's English Toffee
Emma's English Toffee
Chocolate Bar
Chocolate Bar
All Products
All Products
Navigation
Warm Weather Shipping
Curbside Pickup
Where to buy
Craft Shows
Shipping, Returns & Privacy Policy
About Us
Contact Us
Warm Weather Shipping
Curbside Pickup
Where to buy
Craft Shows
Shipping, Returns & Privacy Policy
About Us
Contact Us
724-223-7901
Home
Shipping, Returns & Privacy Policy
Shipping, Returns & Privacy Policy
After reading this page, and upon agreeing with its content, you may proceed with your order. If you decide that the Terms, Conditions, Privacy and Refund Policies are unacceptable, you are under no obligation to continue using this site and can Empty your shopping cart. But just think what you'll be missing - look at that mouth-watering, sweet, crunchy, delicious toffee ... mmmm! Continuing with your order represents your agreement to all the terms and conditions either explicitly stated or implied. Don't worry, there's nothing in here that goes beyond what any reasonable person would expect (except for the condition about adding us to your will as sole beneficiary ... just kidding!).
Returns Policy
If you did not receive exactly what you ordered, or it arrived in poor condition, and is not the fault of The Toffee House®, we will credit your account or replace your merchandise. However, The Toffee House® will not be liable for weather-related damage if your shipment is traveling between April and October, and you have agreed to have it shipped with this understanding. We will do everything in our power to get you the freshest toffee, but sometimes, it gets too dang hot. We also are not responsible for damage or loss incurred during shipment. You can contact UPS or FedEx for claims. We are also not responsible for incorrect addresses, unless we were the ones who made the mistake, of course.
If you feel that your toffee is not as good as it should be, please return the unused portion with an explanation, including the time, date and place of purchase or from whom and when you received it as a gift, the problem you encountered and your contact information. This information will help us to ensure that the next time you order, the toffee you eat will be the best you've ever had.
You may return most new, unopened items within 10 days of delivery for a full refund. We'll also pay the return shipping costs if the return is a result of our error (you received an incorrect or defective item, etc.).
You should expect to receive your refund within four weeks of giving your package to the return shipper. This time period includes the transit time for us to receive your return from the shipper (5 to 10 business days), the time it takes us to process your return once we receive it (3 to 5 business days), and the time it takes your bank to process our refund request (5 to 10 business days).
If you need to return an item, please Contact Us with your order number and details about the product you would like to return. We will respond quickly with instructions for how to return items from your order.
Shipping
Holiday Shipping 2020
Please look at the UPS map below. We ship from Washington, PA and the days-in-transit are based on that. Once we hand the gift to UPS, FedEx or USPS, we have no control over how long it will take. Unless you request expedited shipping, at additional cost, the time it takes to get to the destination will be based on when UPS receives it from us, not necessarily the day you order. For example, after December 16, we can't guarantee a package will get to the West Coast by Christmas. In reality, we can't guarantee anything, all we can say is we will get it to the shipper as soon as possible after you order. Then, it all depends on how efficient and effective the shipper is.
Free Shipping
Since we've had many people address this topic, we decided to address "free shipping." There is no such thing as "free shipping," any more than there is such a thing as a "free" sample. Everything costs something to someone. When places like Amazon offer "free shipping," it's only free to the extent that you may not be paying the entire cost of shipping for your specific item. Shipping companies like UPS and FedEx have to charge for every package that is shipped, just as you get paid for every hour you work at your job, or else you wouldn't work that hour. The shipping companies have expenses that they need to cover, so they don't ever ship something for "free." Amazon pays the shipping company for every shipment. They do this by adding a predetermined dollar amount to the selling price of the product you're buying which is equal to or greater than what they expect the shipping cost to be - thereby hiding the cost to ship your product in order to entice you to buy it. Sometimes those gargantuan companies spread shipping costs into the price of other items they sell (some shipments cost more than others, so they do a massive averaging and then apply that to the cost without saying it's a shipping cost); but there is still a cost - it is not free. They do this to trick you into thinking you're getting a "deal" by not paying for shipping. The company still makes a profit, since they distribute the costs across all their sales.
We are a small, family-owned and operated company that counts every cent that comes in and goes out, and our volume is not large enough to spread the shipping costs like the monster stores do. We sell in 5 years what Amazon sells in an hour. We do not inflate the price of our product to increase our margin like Amazon does so they can distribute the costs of shipping across all their sales. The actual shipping costs we pay the shipper are sometimes more than the toffee being sent and less than the flat rate we charge. What we pay to our shipping company is not a number we arbitrarily determine. They charge us for shipping, so we charge you. We make no profit on shipping; at the end of the year, we lose money on shipping. It's a little disturbing when people confront us about this topic and imply or explicitly state that we are fleecing them, when in most cases, the costs to ship to these specific people are actually higher than what we are charging them. We choose not to deceive our customers in order to manipulate them into buying more.
Warm Weather Conditions
From November through March, (as long as it is consistently below 70 degrees) most orders are packaged and shipped within three business days of receiving the order. We reserve the right to delay shipment until such time that we determine its arrival will be in the most satisfactory condition. Depending upon the weather at our location and the destination, an order placed Wednesday or later will be held until Monday so that it doesn't sit in a shipper's warehouse over the weekend. This map shows the transit days for packages sent from The Toffee House (Zip code 15301) using UPS Ground, our preferred method. These transit days reflect the travel time of the package once it leaves The Toffee House, not from the date it is ordered. The number of days-in-transit is based on business days, not weekend or holiday days. We normally don't ship on Thursday or Friday, especially when it's warm at our location, at the destination, or anywhere along the route to the destination. The most difficult times for shipping chocolate and toffee items is spring and fall. These are the times when part of the country (So-Cal, FL, TX) can have temperature swings that go from 40°F to 80°F, while the northern part of the nation sits comfortably in the 30's and 40's. So, although you place an order in March from Detroit to be sent to someone in Georgia, you may have to pay extra for insulated packaging, if we are offering that option. Just because you need to wear a sweater to walk your dog in Florida does not mean that it's cool enough to ship chocolate. Even in the 70s during the day, the inside of a UPS truck can get to 100°F. Heat melts chocolate.From approximately November through March, The Toffee House® will ship most items through UPS or FedEx and occasionally through the US Postal Service ("USPS") - reserving the right to add a handling fee for orders that must be sent via the USPS since this manner of shipment is outside our normal procedures and incurs additional costs to us.From approximately April through October, we will not ship our toffee when the average consistent daytime temperature here in Washington, PA, anywhere en route, or at the destination address is above 70°F. Orders shipped using any other option than UPS Ground, or FedEx Ground or Home, will incur additional charges. The Toffee House® will not be responsible for any weather-related, or other damages the product sustains during shipment, after it leaves our warehouse. We retain the right to ship the product using any shipping method we deem will get the product there in the best condition in a reasonable amount of time and at as minimal a cost as possible. We will only ship to the warm weather restricted states upon request and with your understanding that warm weather melts chocolate and once it leaves here, we can't be responsible for the condition upon arrival. Please understand that we implement these procedures so that the product you receive is in the best condition possible.
PO Boxes
We will ship to physical addresses and PO Boxes whenever possible. Orders that cannot be shipped using UPS or FedEx will take at least a day longer to process and may incur an additional handling fee. The Toffee House® is not responsible for inaccurate addresses and is not liable for lost items due to inaccurate addresses.
Multiple Shipping Addresses
From time to time, our website will allow you to ship to multiple shipping addresses in one order. The way to do this is
Choose a box size.
If you're sending multiple boxes of the same size and type with the same message, change the quantity to the planned number - you can change this later if you want to add more. If you want different messages, you'll need to add them one box at a time.
Please Note: If you have multiple boxes being shipped to one address for one shipping cost, then there will only be ONE Gift Message on the packing slip. We are not set up to put messages on each box. The Gift Message is printed on the packing slip exactly as you put it on the website, we do not make any changes to it.
Type in a gift message. If you chose multiple boxes each to their own address, this message will be the one that goes on each packing slip. If you want different messages in each shipment, you will need to add your gifts separately for each recipient.
Click "Add to Cart".
If you chose multiple boxes, you will see a link below the second "Proceed to Checkout" button that reads "check out with multiple addresses".
If this is the first box you added, then click on "Continue Shopping" to add more boxes.
Choose your billing address.
Choose the shipping address for each recipient.
Click the radio button for "Ship by Amount for Each Address" for each shipment
Click "Continue".
If you have any questions, please don't hesitate to call us.
Gift Certificates
You can purchase a gift certificate on this website to be used through this website. Gift certificates are not transferable between the online store and the retail store. You may not redeem the online gift certificate for cash, physical or otherwise, nor for any other items than are offered on our website at the time of redemption.
Privacy Policy Statement
This is the web site of The Toffee House. Our postal address is 1500 W Chestnut Street, Suite 214, Washington, PA 15301
We can be reached via e-mail at toffee@thetoffeehouse.com or you can reach us by telephone at 724-223-7901
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes the consumer's domain name and e-mail address (where possible).
We collect the domain name and e-mail address (where possible) of visitors to our Web page, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, user-specific information on what pages consumers access or visit, name and address, telephone number, payment information (e.g., credit card number and billing address). We, at the Toffee House never see your credit card information and cannot use it for any other purposes than what is explicitly offered on this site. If you have issues with your credit card, you can contact Heartland Payment Systems, https://www.heartlandpaymentsystems.com,  888-963-3600.
The information we collect is NEVER intentionally shared with other organizations for ANY purposes. With that being said, if one of the countless agencies that exist in our bloated and liberty-crushing government demands information, we will be forced by this coercive monopoly to disclose the information when legally required to do so, at the request of said threatening governmental authority conducting an investigation (most of which will have been instigated for political rather than legal reasons), to verify or enforce compliance of current wasteful regulations with the policies governing our Website and applicable laws or to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our Website.
With respect to cookies: We use cookies to store visitor preferences, record session information, such as items added to the cart, record user-specific information on what pages users access or visit, record past activity at a site in order to provide better service when visitors return to our site .
If you do not want to receive marketing e-mails from us in the future, please let us know by sending an e-mail to the above address or calling us at the above telephone number.
We will NEVER intentionally make the e-mail addresses of those who access our site available to other organizations.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by calling us at the number provided above or e-mailing us at the above address. We will be sure your name is removed from the list.
With respect to security: When we transfer and receive certain types of sensitive information such as financial information, we redirect visitors to a secure server that has an SSL certificate using at least 128-bit encryption. We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number.
Have a nice day.
×
OK
Join our newsletter
Email Address