https://thewatersite.com/info.htm#privacy
HOME PAGE
At Ahdorma, your satisfaction is our first priority. We pride ourselves on the fact that we deliver only the highest quality products. In the unlikely event that you are dissatisfied with your purchase, or for any question regarding our site, please contact us.
Ahdorma water filters purification and treatment320 Robling St #401Brooklyn NY 11211USA
Click here before you callTel/Voice (206) 426-2337Fax (775) 599-2040US Toll-Free FAX 1-866-611-0145
How to contact us
U.S. Shipping & Delivery Standards
Domestic Shipping Rates
International Shipping & Delivery Charges
Gift Certificates
Disclaimer and Copyrights
Privacy Policy
Return Policy
Security Issues
Satisfaction Guaranteed!
.
our online department focuses to provide the fastest and most reliable correspondence via e-mail.you can reach us at:
HelpUs@thewatersite.com
Click Here for Customer Service Direct Search
.
U.S. Shipping & Delivery Standards: Depending on the item you ordered, we offer UPS and FedEx same day shipping on items in stock, if your order is acknowledged before 12:00pm (EST) Monday through Friday. In remote areas, please allow more time for delivery. Some customers request a guaranteed day for delivery. Unfortunately, we can't guarantee. If you need your item in a rush you may request that when we process the order, it shall be shipped via UPS Next Day Air or other fast delivery method. Again, we can't guarantee. Additional shipping charges will apply.
.Domestic Shipping Rates
NEW: When you enter your item into the ''Shopping Cart'', Your Shipping Charges will appear. We have No hidden charges.
Shipping is based on a Flat Fee plus a ''percentage'' of order. In general, the higher the purchase total is, the lower would be the percentage calculation.
Orders being shipped to Hawaii, Alaska, Puerto Rico can only be shipped via Air, and will be charged an additional charge for Next Day or 2nd Day. If you choose Ground or 3-day select, it will be charged the 3-day rate and shipped via the Ground method, which means that it's in Ground transit until to and from the nearest airport.
.International Shipping & Delivery Charges: We will contact you via e-mail with the exact shipping and delivery charge. Your order will be shipped as soon as you confirm and approve the additional charges.
.Gift Certificates: We gladly sell gift certificates which can be redeemed online for any product. Special discounts apply for greater orders, please contact us for details.
.Disclaimer and Copyright:
The information in any page on our domains is provided in good faith but no warranty can be made for its accuracy. All copyrighted material, patented technology and trademarks, are sole property of their respective owners. The right to change policy and pricing without notice is reserved.
The availability information presented on our site is the best, most current information we have, but errors do occur, and this information does not constitute a guarantee or promise of availability.
If a product you may have ordered is not available for immediate shipment, we will do our best to let you know. In some situations where a particular product is not available or discontinued, we can ship an equivalent or upgraded model. Anticipated delivery dates may be dependent upon our suppliers and other factors beyond our control, and are subject to change. In all these situations, the regular return policy will apply.
We try to make it easy for consumers to find the filters they need, providing online cross reference guides and emails. However, it is ultimately your responsibility to choose the correct filters for your situation. Any advice taken from us should be interpreted as a knowledgeable suggestion only. We will not be liable for damages resulting from the use of our products. We reserve the right to change our Terms and Conditions at any time without notice.
Warranty: Any warranty supplied is to the original purchaser that products shall be free from defects in material and workmanship for period specified on site starting from the date of purchase. This warranty is in lieu of all other warranties expressed or implied. Warranty is null and void if the product is misused, abused, modified, or tampered with in any way. Our company, its employees, suppliers and any third parties shall not be responsible for any special, consequential or incidental damages, however caused.
Credit Card Orders: Once your order is processed, your credit card will be pre-authorized for the amount in the grand total. Once your order is shipped, your credit card will reflect the actual amount of your purchase including shipping and handling. This procedure is a normal and legal business practice. A pre-authorization only holds the funds while the order is being processed and will not reflect in several credit cards charges. No money is ''charged'' during the pre-authorization process, only held by the card-issuing bank until the transaction is completed.
.Privacy Policy: We will NOT sell or rent your personally identifiable information to anyone, ever. Period.
we may need to send personally identifiable information
about you to other companies or people when:
We have your consent to share the information;
We need to share your information to provide the
product or service you have requested;
We need to send the information to companies
who work on behalf of Ahdorma to provide a
product or service to you. (Unless we tell you
differently, these companies do not have any
right to use the personally identifiable
information we provide to them beyond what is
necessary to assist us.);
We respond to subpoenas, court orders or legal
process; or We find that your actions on our web sites
violate the Terms of Service, or any of our usage
guidelines for specific products or services. We may set and access cookies on your computer. Advertisers or
other companies do not have access to our cookies.
.Satisfaction and Return Policy: In the unlikely event that you're not satisfied with any item, you may return it within 30 days for a full refund (excluding shipping charges).
We ask that you contact us first, and that items shall be in same condition as received, with original packaging and instructions, so we shall be able to sell it to others.
We'll provide you with a "RMA-#" and detailed Return Instructions, including our Return Address. Do NOT return to address on shipping label. Packages without a "RMA-#" can not be accepted.
On certain products, this unconditional return policy does not apply, and a restocking fee (up to 30%) will apply IF we will accept the return. For a detailed list, please contact us before placing the order.
You can expect your refund or exchange within two weeks from the time we receive your return.
For credit card orders, please allow up to 2 billing statements for your credit to appear.
Modifying or Canceling an Order: If you placed an order and want to add or remove items or cancel the order completly, please contact us immediately. Once an order is processed, the only way to exchange or cancel is by requesting an RMA# to return it upon arrival.
Defective Merchandise: We understand how exasperating it is to get a defective, or "Dead On Arrival" (DOA) product. Subject to the manufacturer's warranty requirements, we will credit you or your account for any defective product returned to us within 30 days of the invoice date. Defective products must be returned in the manufacturer's original packaging and the carton must include all components and other items originally packaged with the product including manuals, etc. You must obtain a RMA number before returning any defective product. Expired RMA numbers cannot be renewed or accepted.
Damaged Goods / Carrier Claims
Occasionally a package may become damaged due to mishandling by the common carrier. If this should happen, it is important to report the damage immediately in order to preserve any rights against a carrier.
"Exposed Damage" is when damage is evident without opening the package. The exterior of packages should be inspected prior to acceptance from the carrier. Should exposed damage be found, it should be noted on the carriers delivery bill/airbill when you sign to accept the package(s).
"Concealed Damage" is when the contents of a shipment is damaged even though the packaging itself is not noticeably damaged. Naturally, concealed damage cannot be detected before you accept the packages from the carrier. However, you should inspect all packages for concealed damage as soon as possible. All damages must be reported within seven (7) days after acceptance in order to process a claim against the carrier. Should you notice damage, contact us at once for instructions.
United Parcel Service (UPS)
You should contact your local UPS office for an inspection report. Require UPS to return the merchandise to us, do not
return the merchandise at your own expense. You need to contact them within seven (7) days after acceptance.
.Now, we say it again... At Ahdorma, your satisfaction is our first priority. We pride ourselves on the fact that we deliver only the highest quality products. In the unlikely event that you are dissatisfied with your purchase, or for any question regarding our site, please contact us.Thank you, we appreciate your patronage!
Water Filters MainMenu