https://threelollies.com/terms-of-service/
Email Us
866-773-4443
$5 Shipping on all orders!
Cart
Search for:
Terms of Service
Website Terms and Conditions of Use
1. Terms
By accessing this Website, accessible from ThreeLollies.com, you are agreeing to be bound by these Website Terms and Conditions of Use and agree that you are responsible for the agreement with any applicable local laws. If you disagree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from accessing this site. The materials contained in this Website are protected by copyright and trade mark law. These Terms of Service has been created with the help of the Terms of Service Generator and the Terms & Conditions Example.
2. Use License
Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials on Three Lollies’s Website for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:
modify or copy the materials;
use the materials for any commercial purpose or for any public display;
attempt to reverse engineer any software contained on Three Lollies’s Website;
remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or
transferring the materials to another person or “mirror” the materials on any other server.
This will let Three Lollies to terminate upon violations of any of these restrictions. Upon termination, your viewing right will also be terminated and you should destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether it is printed or electronic format.
3. Disclaimer
All the materials on Three Lollies’s Website are provided “as is”. Three Lollies makes no warranties, may it be expressed or implied, therefore negates all other warranties. Furthermore, Three Lollies does not make any representations concerning the accuracy or reliability of the use of the materials on its Website or otherwise relating to such materials or any sites linked to this Website.
4. Limitations
Three Lollies or its suppliers will not be hold accountable for any damages that will arise with the use or inability to use the materials on Three Lollies’s Website, even if Three Lollies or an authorize representative of this Website has been notified, orally or written, of the possibility of such damage. Some jurisdiction does not allow limitations on implied warranties or limitations of liability for incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
5. Revisions and Errata
The materials appearing on Three Lollies’s Website may include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. Three Lollies will not promise that any of the materials in this Website are accurate, complete, or current. Three Lollies may change the materials contained on its Website at any time without notice. Three Lollies does not make any commitment to update the materials.
6. Links
Three Lollies has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its Website and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The presence of any link does not imply endorsement by Three Lollies of the site. The use of any linked website is at the user’s own risk.
7. Site Terms of Use Modifications
Three Lollies may revise these Terms of Use for its Website at any time without prior notice. By using this Website, you are agreeing to be bound by the current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.
8. Your Privacy
Please read our Privacy Policy.
9. Governing Law
Any claim related to Three Lollies’s Website shall be governed by the laws of us without regards to its conflict of law provisions.
© 2020 ThreeLollies - All Rights Reserved
6520 Platt Avenue #573 | West Hills, CA 91307
Phone: 866-PREGGIE (773-4443)
Want to save some money? Then sign up for our email list to receive coupons and exclusive savings you can’t get anywhere else.
Email address:
Leave this field empty if you're human:
Want to save money right now? Then use offer code “TrickOrTreat” to save 25%
×