http://timessquareconfetti.com/pages/privacy-policy
Arrow Fat Left Icon
Arrow Fat Right Icon
Arrow Right Icon
Cart Icon
Close Circle Icon
Expand Arrows Icon
Facebook Icon
Instagram Icon
Pinterest Icon
Youtube Icon
Google Plus Icon
Hamburger Icon
Information Icon
Down Arrow Icon
Mail Icon
Mini Cart Icon
Person Icon
Ruler Icon
Search Icon
Shirt Icon
Triangle Icon
Bag Icon
Play Video
Times Square Confetti - Kabuki Legal Notices
Times Square Confetti - Kabuki is a division of Bill Ferrell Co., incorporated in the State of California.
CONTACT
10558 Keswick St.
Sun Valley CA 91352
818-767-7062
EQUIPMENT RENTAL AGREEMENT
Times Square Confetti may elect, at its sole discretion, to use or require a rental agreement when rented equipment is involved. This agreement is to protect the interests of all parties. To view or download the Terms and Conditions of our standard rental agreement, please click below.
Standard Rental Terms & Conditions Agreement
CERTIFICATE OF INSURANCE
Equipment rental requires that you provide a Certificate of Insurance listing Times Square Confetti as an additional insured against all liability claims and as a loss payee for the equipment’s value. Certificates of Insurance are easily obtained through your insurance agent and need to be on file prior to our releasing the rented equipment for your use.
PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Times Square Confetti collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from Users of the  timessquareconfetti.com website ("Site"), and applies both to the Site and to all products and services offered by Times Square Confetti.Personal identification information
We collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users may visit our Site anonymously, and can always refuse to supply personal identification information.  This may prevent them from engaging in certain Site-related activities. We may collect Users' personal identification information in a number of circumstances, including, but not limited to, when Users register on the Site, place an order, subscribe to a newsletter, fill out a form, and make use of our Site's services, features or resources. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number, and credit card information.
Non-personal identification informationWe may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. This information may include User's browser name, type of computer and operating system, Internet service provider and other technical information.Web browser cookiesOur Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience through record-keeping and information tracking. Users may choose to set web browsers to refuse cookies, or to alert to cookie use. If a User does so, some parts of the Site may not function properly.How we use informationTimes Square Confetti may utilize Users' personal information for the following purposes:
Improve customer service and support.
Personalize User experience.
Refine our offerings and improve our Site.
Process payments. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
Promotional outreach, contests, surveys or other feature.  If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, detailed unsubscribe instructions are placed at the bottom of each email.
Periodic emails regarding orders, support inquiries and other requests.
How we protect your informationWe adopt appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of Users' personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site. Sensitive data exchange between the Site and Users occurs over a SSL, and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures.Sharing your personal informationWe do not sell, trade, or rent Users' personal identification information. We may share aggregated demographic information with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers. We may use third party service providers to help operate our business or administer our activities, such as newsletters or promotions. If at any time Users would like to unsubscribe from receiving emails, detailed Unsubscribe instructions are included in each email.Third-party websitesAdvertising or other content on our Site may link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We are not responsible for the practices employed by third parties or their websites, privacy policies and customer service policies. Changes to this privacy policyTimes Square Confetti may update this privacy policy at any time. Users acknowledge and accept responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of any changes.Your acceptance of these termsBy using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of policy changes will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
COPYRIGHT NOTICE
All materials on this site are protected by United States copyright law. They may not be reproduced, transmitted, distributed, displayed, published or broadcast without prior written permission from Times Square Confetti.