https://timmcamis.com/shop/privacy
Home
•
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Tim McAmis Race Cars, Inc. (“TMRC”) takes your privacy very seriously. We have created this Privacy Policy to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy and security. We want to make your experience on www.timmcamis.com (the “Site”) as enjoyable and rewarding as possible, and we want you to use this Site’s vast array of information, tools, and opportunities with complete confidence. Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy and terms and conditions.
I. WHAT THIS PRIVACY POLICY COVERS
This policy covers how TMRC treats personal information that it collects and receives. “Personal information” is information like your name, address, email address, or phone number that is not otherwise publicly available.
This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that TMRC does not own or control or to people that TMRC does not employ or manage.
II. INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE
A. General
TMRC gathers personally identifiable information about users of the Site through the registration process and other means, such as user submissions and any web sites accessible through our Site. We use this personal information primarily to provide a customized experience as you use our Site and, generally, do not share this information with third parties except as set forth herein. However, we may disclose personal information collected if we have received your permission beforehand or in very special circumstances, such as when we believe that such disclosure is required by law or other special cases described below.
B. Personal Information
1. Registration: When you register to become a Member, you will be asked to provide certain personal information when you sign up including name, address, telephone number, billing information, and email address. The personal information collected from Members during the registration process is used to manage each Member’s account (such as for billing purposes). This information is not shared with third parties, unless specifically stated otherwise or in special circumstances. However, in instances where TMRC and a partner jointly promote the Site, TMRC may provide the partner certain personal information, such as the name, address, and username of persons who subscribed to the Site or as a result of the joint promotion for the sole purpose of allowing us and the partner to assess the results of the promotion. In this instance, personal information may not be used by the partner for any other purpose. TMRC may also generate non-identifying and aggregate profiles from personal information Members provide during registration (such as the total number, but not the names, of Members). As explained in more detail below, we may use this aggregated and non-identifying information to sell advertisements that appear on the Site.
2. Online Shopping: On the Site, you can purchase products and services or register to receive materials, such as a catalog or new product and service updates. In many cases, whether Member or non-registered user of the Site (“Visitor”), you may be asked to provide contact information, such as your name, address, email address, phone number, and credit/debit card information. If you complete an order for someone else, such as an online gift order sent directly to a recipient, you may be asked to provide information about the recipient, such as the recipient’s name, address, and phone number. TMRC has no control over the “third parties” use of any personal information you provide when placing such an order. Please exercise care when doing so.
If you order products directly from TMRC, we will use the personal information you provide only to process that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
3. Online Advertisements: TMRC displays our online advertisements. We share aggregated and non-identifying information about our Visitors and Members collected through the registration process as well as through online surveys and promotions with these advertisers. Additionally, in some instances, we use this aggregated and non-identifying information to deliver tailored advertisements. For instance, an advertiser tells us the audience they want to reach (for example, females between 25 and 35 years of age) and provides us an advertisement tailored to the audience. Based upon the aggregated and non-identifying information we have collected, we may then display the advertisement to the intended audience. TMRC does not share personal information about its Visitors or Members with these advertisers.
4. Responses to Email Inquiries: When Visitors or Members send email inquiries to TMRC, the return email address is used to answer the email inquiry we receive. TMRC does not use the return email address for any other purpose and does not share the return email address with any third party.
5. Special Cases: It is TMRC’s policy not to use or share the personal information about Visitors of Members in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses. However, TMRC may disclose personal information about Visitors or Members, or information regarding your use of the Site or Web sites accessible through our Site, for any reason if, in our sole discretion, we believe that it is reasonable to do so, including: to satisfy laws, such as the Electronic Communications Privacy Act, regulations, or governmental or legal requests for such information; to disclose information that is necessary to identify, contact, or bring legal action against someone who may be violating our Terms & Conditions or other user policies; to operate the Site properly; or to protect TMRC and our Members.
C. Non-Personal Information & Cookies
TMRC also gathers non-personal information through standard tracking mechanisms on TMRC internet servers. For example, TMRC employs “cookies” on various parts of the Site. Cookies are information that the Site transfers to the user’s hard drive to facilitate record keeping and tracking a user’s preferences. Non-personal information is primarily collected in order to improve the functionality and user’s enjoyment of the Site, to tailor the Site to your individual preferences, and to make using the Site simpler and more enjoyable. The information that is typically tracked includes the type of internet browser and operating system being used by a user, and the user’s internet service provider.
D. Security
The importance of security for all personally identifiable information associated with users is of the utmost concern to TMRC. Unfortunately no data transmission over the internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while TMRC strives to protect users’ personal information, TMRC cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information users transmit to the Site, and users do so at their own risk.
Your account information is protected by the password you use to access your online account. If you use this Site, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password.
Personal information that is maintained in our offices or stores is subject to physical, administrative, and technical controls as well. Hard copies of private information are maintained in locked locations or cabinets with similar restrictions for electronic storage of private information. When disposed of, the information is shredded, destroyed, erased, or otherwise made unreadable.
III. COMMITMENT TO CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
Protecting children’s privacy is especially important to us. While we make every effort to ensure that the Site is fun and age-appropriate for our younger audience, we believe that there is no substitute for proper parental supervision. For further information about tips, tools, age-appropriate or kid-friendly Web sites and how to report online trouble, please visit www.getnetwise.com.
It is our policy to comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 and all other applicable laws. Therefore, children under the age of 13 are not permitted to register for the Site. Children under 13 may use the Site, but should do so only with parental supervision, especially when it relates to the disclosure of personal information about children. Although TMRC will do what it can to screen information from children under the age of 13 on the Site, TMRC has no way to guarantee that a registrant or user is under 13. Therefore, to the maximum extent permitted by law, TMRC is not responsible for a child’s use of the Site or the personal information supplied by a child on the Site.
IV. USER-INITIATED COMMUNICATION
From time to time, portions of the Site may enable you to send email to us or to third parties and to participate in public bulletin boards and discussion groups (hosted by us or one or more of our service providers). All postings to public bulletin boards and discussion groups become our property. Whenever you choose to initiate these kinds of communications with us, or anyone else, you may expect to be contacted in return.
Also, remember that our bulletin boards and discussion groups are open to the public, and therefore, your postings can be seen by anyone and are not protected by us or any other entity. Please use your own discretion when deciding what to post publicly, and whom to contact. We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to edit or delete inappropriate postings from our bulletin boards and discussion groups; provided, however, the reservation of this right shall not, under any circumstances, obligate us to conduct such editing or deletions.
TMRC discussion boards are a free service to enable you to share comments about products and services available on our site. This service is available only to individuals older than 13 years of age who have purchased items from the Site and are in good standing with TMRC. If you use the Site discussion boards, you are certifying that you are old enough to participate in the boards.
V. THIRD PARTY LINKS
This Privacy Policy only applies to this Site. The Site contains links to web sites that are not operated or controlled by TMRC, when you click on one of those links, you are entering another web site. Please be aware that these sites may collect information about you, and operate according to their own privacy practices that may differ from this Privacy Policy. The placement of links on the Site does not imply that TMRC endorses or warrants the content on any third party web site. Please remember to read the terms of use and privacy policies for those sites, as they may differ from these terms of use. Remember that once you’re outside the Site, any information you submit is outside of our control.
VI. TERMS AND CONDITIONS
For an explanation of TMRC’s practices and policies related to the Sites terms and conditions of use, please read our Terms and Conditions.
VII. REVISIONS TO THIS POLICY
TMRC reserves the right to revise, amend, or modify this policy, its Terms and Conditions and our other policies and agreements at any time, and in any manner. Notice of any revision, amendment, or modification will be posted in accordance with the Terms and Conditions. Accordingly, we encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy and the Site in order to keep apprised of our current privacy practices. If you do not agree to any provision of this Privacy Policy, or any update or modification thereto, please do not use the Site.
VIII. WHERE TO DIRECT QUESTIONS ABOUT THE TMRC PRIVACY POLICY
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the practices described herein, you may contact:
Tim McAmis Race Cars, Inc.
287 S. Hwy 47
Hawk Point, MO 63374
info@timmcamis.com