https://tiranti.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Coronavirus Covid19.
We are now accepting and shipping on-line and telephone orders from Thatcham.
The shop at Warren Street in London remains closed for the time being due to concerns with distancing.
Stay Safe, Take Care!
Keep up-to-date with Tiranti:
Login / Register
Basket (0)
Call us for support
01635 587430
Please go to our HOME PAGE for details of our office opening hours
Search
Home
About Us
Products
Conversions
Watch Videos
FAQs
Blog
Contact Us
Home
About Us
Products
Conversions
Watch Videos
FAQs
Blog
Contact Us
Search
Jesmonite(8)
Ceram N1(2)
Books & Videos(73)
Woodcarving(273)
Stonecarving(134)
Mallets & Hammers(28)
Files & Abrasives(223)
Studio Equipment & Armatures(59)
Modelling Materials(102)
Modelling Tools(198)
Mouldmaking(64)
Casting(242)
Restoration & Finishing(428)
Ceramics & Pottery(561)
Sundries & Health & Safety(41)
Vacuum Equipment For Hire(1)
Tip Sheets
Centricast
Ciment Fondu
Glass Fibre
Hammers and Mallets
Jesmonite
Parting Agents
Plaster
Silicone
Vinamold
Woodcarving
Privacy Policy
Tiranti.co.uk is committed to protecting the privacy of visitors to our site and the confidentiality of information provided by our customers; this policy describes how your personal information is treated.
What information is collected?
Tiranti.co.uk may collect, store and use the following personal information
Information on any transactions carried out between you and us in relation to this website
Personal data in the form of Name, Address(es), contact telephone number and email used when registering with us and/or for the purchase of goods or services.
We do not store credit/debit card information.
We never sell, share or pass on personal information to third parties unless required to do so under law or to facilitate shipping of your order.
Website Visitors
Tiranti.co.uk may make use of non-personally-identifying information such as browser type, referral site, date and time of visit and number of pages viewed. The information may be used in the administration of this website and to make improvements in its usability.
Potentially identifying information like Internet protocol (IP) addresses are observed in addition to the personal data listed above for the purpose of administration and/or improvement of this site.
Tiranti.co.uk uses cookies – small text files that are placed on your machine to help the site provide a better experience. In general, cookies are used to retain user preferences, store information for things like shopping baskets and provide anonymised tracking data to third party applications. If you do not wish to have cookies placed on your computor you can change your browser settings to refuse cookies, by doing so some features of this website may not function as designed.
Using Your personal data
Personal data provided to tiranti.co.uk as specified in this privacy policy or relevant parts of the website is used only where necessary and appropriate to fulfil a transaction.
Tiranti.co.uk discloses personal data only to those of its employees that require the information to process it.
Tiranti.co.uk may disclose information about you only when we are required to do so by law, in connection with any prospective legal proceedings or in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (this includes providing information for the purpose of fraud prevention)
Tiranti.co.uk does not sell, share or pass on any personal data and it is not used by Tiranti.co.uk for unsolicited advertising / marketing.
Protecting your personal data
Tiranti.co.uk take all reasonable steps to keep your information secure and protect against unauthorised access, alteration and destruction of your personal data.
Tiranti.co.uk is registered with the Information Commisioners Office (ICO). Registration number: Z9990848, you have the right to contact the ICO if you think there is a problem with the way Tiranti.co.uk handles your data.
You are responsible for keeping your password secure, tiranti.co.uk will never ask for it.
Your rights
You have the right to request any information that we hold about you which will be provided to you electronically in a readable format (pdf) within a period of 1 month.
You can request at any time  that tiranti.co.uk deletes the personal information it holds about you. Explicit confirm of the permanent removal of this information will be provided via email within a period of 1 month.
Third parties
Tiranti.co.uk contains links to other websites and is not liable for the privacy or use of cookies by any third party websites.
Contact
If you have any questions relating to this privacy policy or how tiranti.co.uk uses your personal data you can write to us at Alec Tiranti Ltd, 3 Pipers Court, Berkshire Drive, Thatcham, RG19 4ER or email your questions to enquiries@tiranti.co.uk
About Alec Tiranti
Alec Tiranti Ltd - Leading UK manufacturer and supplier of Sculptors' Tools, Materials and Studio Equipment, for Carving, Modelling, Mouldmaking, Casting & Restoration. Dedicated to supplying sculptors worldwide since 1895.
Tiranti supply a wide range of materials, equipment and tools to sculptors, modelmakers, mouldmakers, designers, prototypers, woodcarvers, stonecarvers, specialist plasterers, building picture and furniture restorers, potters and ceramicists.
Get in touch
Alec Tiranti Berkshire												3 Pipers Court, 												Berkshire Drive, 												Thatcham, RG19 4ER, 																								United Kingdom
Tel: 01635 587 430
Fax: 01635 864 845
Email: Enquiries@tiranti.co.uk
Please go to our HOME PAGE for details of our office opening hours
Alec Tiranti London												27 Warren Street, 												Kings Cross, 												London, W1T 5NB, 																								United Kingdom
Tel: 020 7380 0808
Fax: 020 7380 0808
Please go to our HOME PAGE for details of our office opening hours
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Delivery Charges
FAQs
Links
Contact Us
Company Registration: GB 5272613
VAT Registration: GB 840905042
3 Pipers Court, 													Berkshire Drive, 													Thatcham, RG19 4ER, 													Berkshire, 													RG19 4ER, 													United Kingdom
© 2020. Alec Tiranti All Rights Reserved.
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thank you