https://toesocks.co.uk/terms-and-conditions/
We value your privacy This site uses cookies to provide you with the best experience. By clicking "I accept", you accept our use of cookies. There are various ways in which we will process your data, including personalised ads and content, which will be shared with some of our partners. Learn more. More Options Allow Cookies BackWe value your privacyOn this page you can set your preferences with regards to how we will process your data and share it with other organisations.REJECT ALL ACCEPT ALLGoogle AdwordsWe would like to share your onsite browsing and purchasing data with Google in order to show you targeted advertising via the Google platform. They will become the controller of your personal data, and you will need to contact them directly to exercise your data rights. A controller determines the purposes and means of processing personal data.View the Google Adwords privacy policy.SAVE & EXIT
Menu
ESSENTIAL
Silk Mid-Calf
Anklet
Mid-Calf
Knee-High
Over-Knee
Men Plain
Men Business
FASHION
Silk Half
Silk Foot Cover
Silk Mid-Calf
Stripy Anklet
Stripy Mid-Calf
Stripy Knee-High
Stripy Over-Knee
Men Argyle
Men Stripy
SPORTS
Cycle
Golf
Compression
Ski / Snow
Micro-Fibre
Running Trainer
Running Ankle
Light Runner Trainer
Light Runner Ankle
OUTDOOR
Liner Trainer
Liner Ankle
Wool Foot Cover
Wool Mid-Calf
3D Wool Terry Walker
YOGA & PILATES
Anti-Slip Trainer
Anti-Slip Trainer Open-Toe
Anti-Slip Trainer Open-Toe&Heel
Anti-Slip Trainer Serene
Anti-Slip Half Open-Toe
Anti-slip Foot Cover OM
Anti-Slip Mid-Calf
LEGWEAR
Fishnet Ankle
Fishnet Foot Cover-X
Plain Nylon Foot Cover
Fishnet Hold Up
Plain Nylon Toe Tights
Fishnet Toe Tights
Arm / Leg Warmers
Plain Nylon Ankle
Plain Nylon Knee-High
HEALTH
Reflexology
Silver
Toe Separator
Gel Socks
BUNDLES
3 Pair Pack Bundles
6 Pair Pack Bundles
9 Pair Pack Bundle
12 Pair Pack Bundles
ESSENTIAL
Unisize/Cotton/PlainUnisize (UK 4-11)
Anklet
Mid-Calf
Knee-High
Over-Knee
Unisize/Silk2 Sizes
Silk Foot-Cover
Silk Half
Silk Mid-Calf
Men/Cottton/Mid-CalfUnisize (UK M 7-13)
Men Plain
Men Business
View All Essential & Fashion FASHION
Unisize/Cotton/StripyUnisize (UK 4-11)
Stripy Anklet
Stripy Mid-Calf
Stripy Knee-High
Stripy Over-Knee
Unisize/Silk2 Sizes
Silk Foot-Cover
Silk Half
Silk Mid-Calf
Men/Cottton/Mid-CalfUnisize (UK 7-13)
Men Business
Men Argyle
Men Stripy
View All Fashion SPORTS
Trainer3 Sizes
Light Runner Trainer
Running Trainer
Micro-Fibre
Ankle3 Sizes
Light Runner Ankle
Running Ankle
Cycle
Golf
Knee-High3 Sizes
Compression
Ski / Snow
View All Sports OUTDOOR
Foot Cover3 Sizes
Wool Foot Cover
Anklet3 Sizes
Liner Trainer
Ankle3 Sizes
Liner Ankle
Mid-Calf3 Sizes
Wool Mid-Calf
3D Wool Terry Walker
View All Outdoor YOGA & PILATES
Half Toe / CottonUnisize (4-11 UK)
Anti-Slip Half Open-Toe
Foot Cover / CottonUnisize (4-11 UK)
Anti-slip Foot Cover OM
Ankle/Anklet/Cotton3 Sizes
Anti-Slip Trainer Serene
Anti-Slip Trainer
Anti-Slip Trainer Open-Toe
Anti-Slip Trainer Open-Toe&Heel
Mid-Calf/Cotton 3 Sizes
Anti-Slip Mid-Calf
View All Yoga & Pilates LEGWEAR
FishnetUnisize
Fishnet Foot Cover-X
Fishnet Ankle
Fishnet Hold Up
Fishnet Toe Tights
Plain NylonUnisize
Plain Nylon Foot Cover
Plain Nylon Ankle
Plain Nylon Knee-High
Plain Nylon Toe Tights
View All Legwear HEALTH
Anklet / CottonUnisize
Toe Separator
Ankle / Polyster2 Sizes
Reflexology
Mid-Calf / Cotton&Silver2 Sizes
Silver
Gel Socks
View All Health BUNDLES
Bundles
3 Pair Pack Bundles
6 Pair Pack Bundles
9 Pair Pack Bundles
12 Pair Pack Bundles
View All Bundles
Account
Free UK Delivery Above £25
10% Discount Upon Registration
International Delivery Available
Home
Terms and Conditions - TOETOE® Socks
Terms and Conditions
Welcome to TOETOE, TOETOE is owned and operated by TOETOE Ltd. (referred to in these terms as “TOETOE”, “us”, “our” and “we”). We provide access to the www.toesocks.co.uk website (“Website”) and sell our products to you subject to the conditions set out on this page.
Please read these conditions carefully before using the website as by using the website, you signify your agreement to be bound by these conditions. You might also like to print a copy so that you can remind yourself what you agreed to.
Manage Account
Contact Information
Delivery Options & Charges
Discount Codes & Offers
Returns & Exchange
Privacy & Security
Shopping
One-Page Checkout
Ways to Place an Order
Payment Methods
UK Posting Options
Outside UK Posting
Special Offers and Free Gifts
Gift Cards and Discount Codes
Prices and Availability
Returns and Cancellation
Privacy Policy
1. Manage Account
When you use the website, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer and preventing unauthorised access to your account.
Please ensure that the details you provide us with, are correct and complete and let us know immediately of any changes to the information that you provided when registering. TOETOE Ltd reserves the right to refuse access to the website, terminate accounts, remove or edit content, or cancel orders at our discretion. If we cancel an order, it will be without charge to you.
Update Account
You can simply update your account after you logged in with your e-mail and password.
Password Help
When you register as a new customer you will be able to enter a password. You can change this password whenever you wish. If you have forgotten your password, simply click on the link provided in the login page to confirm your e-mail address and we will send your password to your e-mail address.
Privacy
Please review our Privacy Policy, which explains how we will use the personal information that we collect about you.
2. Contact Information
By Phone
Sales Hotline (UK Only):
0845 6616 162
Sales & Customer Service:
+44 (0) 208 830 9955
By Email
For Sales:
sales@toesocks.co.uk
For Help:
cs@toesocks.co.uk
For Website Enquiries:
webmaster@toesocks.co.uk
By Post
TOETOE Limited UNIT 2A Horseshoe Close London NW2 7JJ London United Kingdom VAT Reg. No. GB 998 6961 22 TOETOE Ltd registration number 7328685
3. Delivery Options & Charges
Delivery Time
ANY ORDERS placed after 14:30-00 hrs (GMT) Monday to Friday will be processed the following working day and, subject to your credit/debit card authorisation and stock availability, we will ship your order to the UK and worldwide addresses using the delivery service of your choice.
In case there is a delay in the delivery, Royal Mail stipulate that we have to wait for 10 days in UK and 20 days Outside UK before the delivery can be confirmed as lost.
UK Delivery Charges
For orders above £25 in value P&P is FREE. For orders less than £25 in value, P&P will be calculated automatically according to the weight of the products.
The customers will receive a dispatch notification with reference number and date of dispatch for the package which can be traced at www.royalmail.com
The services below are available only for England, Scotland and Northern Ireland and not available for orders from the outside UK.
Royal Mail 1st Class Standard: (1-3 days)(Non-Traceable)
Royal Mail 2nd Class Standard: (3-5 days)(Non-Traceable)
Royal Mail 2nd Class Recorded: (2-7 days)(Requires Signature and Traceable)
Royal Mail 1st Class Recorded: (1-3 days)(Requires Signature and Traceable)
Royal Mail Special Delivery: (Next Working Day)(Guaranteed by 1:00 PM - Requires Signature and Traceable)
International Delivery Charges
For orders with any value p&p will be calculated automatically during checkout according to the weight of the products selected. This service is not available for orders from England, Scotland and Northern Ireland. The customers will receive a dispatch notification with reference number and date of dispatch for the package which can be traced at www.royalmail.com
After the package has left UK, customers should continue tracing their package at their national postal service website. The postal services in the destination country usually leave a notification in case they cannot deliver the package. If the package is not claimed from the postal service they may return it back to us. Resending the package will be subject to the payment of the postage cost. We highly recommend you to trace your package as soon as you have received your dispatch notification from us.
International Signed For: (5–15 working days)(Requires Signature and Traceable)
International AirSure: (3–6 working days)(Requires Signature and Traceable)
4. Discount Codes and Offers
Discount Codes
We would like to welcome you with 10% discount upon your registration. When you have completed the registration process on our site we will send you a unique discount code by e-mail, this code will also appear on your “My Account” discount code tab. You can use this code during the checkout process and see your instant 10% discount on the screen. Subject to terms below.
Discount Code Conditions
1. You have to login to use the discount code
2. This case sensitive code can only be used once.
3. The minimum order amount is £25.
4. The discount does not include any products on specials or/and bundles.
5. Only one discount code can be used per order.
6. It cannot be used in conjunction with any discount offered for certain quantity.
Special Offers
ALL SPECIAL offers are subject to availability and may be in promotional packaging (packaging may refer to boxes, manuals, etc.) There are no gifts from the orders that are discounted from our regular prices. We reserved the right to substitute offered gifts by the same value similar gift from the same item.
5. Returns & Exchange
We want you to enjoy your TOETOE quality socks purchase. To make things simple we’ve laid out our returns/cancellation policy below.
RETURNS:
You are free to return items to us within 21 days of your order for an exchange, or refund. None of these items affect your statutory rights. There will be an administration fee of £2.50 for orders returned to us 21 days after the purchase date.
EXCHANGE:
In case you would like to change the style, color or size of the product/s you purchased, we require you to contact us first. Make sure you send us back the socks unworn, unwashed unsoiled and in their original packaging. Customers will need to pay for the new postal charge for us to send the exchanged socks.
FAILED DELIVERY:
If a package is returned to us due to a failed delivery attempt. The customer will need to pay for a second delivery.
CANCELLATION BEFORE YOU RECEIVE THE ITEM:
Simply contact us by phone or email. If the item has not been dispatched we will halt it and refund the total amount that you paid, including postage. If the item has been dispatched, we will acknowledge your wish to cancel the order and we will ask you to return the item to us. Once we receive the item we will refund the total initial order, including postage, but not the cost of returning the item to us.
CANCELLATION AFTER YOU RECEIVE THE ITEM:
Return the item(s) to us unworn, unwashed and with the original packaging and invoice, and we will refund the item(s) and the postage cost in sending the items to you. We are not able to refund the postage cost of sending the items back to us. TOETOE Limited, RETURNS, UNIT 2A, LONDON, NW2 7JJ, ENGLAND E-mail: returns@toesocks.co.uk UK: 0208 830 9955 International: + 44 (0) 208 830 9955.
Return of Faulty Goods
We are extremely proud to make high-quality socks with which your feet will be healthier and happier. In the unlikely case if you experience an issue we would take this as an opportunity to improve our products.
If you believe the goods we have supplied to you are faulty, you must first send us an e-mail describing the problem and add a couple of simple pictures for us to be able to get an idea. If we have a clear idea about the problem from your correspondence we may be able to get back to you with a solution, if we need to investigate further we may request you to send the product/s back to us for us to inspect. We will report back to you when we receive the product/s and as soon as we can inspect we will send you our verdict as to what we believe might be the cause of the problem.
If we believe the problem is a manufacturing issue, we will immediately replace the products and reimburse your postage fee.
If we believe it is not a manufacturing problem in that case, we will only return the items back to you at our expense but will not be able to offer replacement or reimbursement of the postage fee.
6. Privacy & Security
Privacy Policy
TOETOE® takes your privacy and security very seriously. We will ensure that any information that we, obtain and use will always be used and transferred in compliance with all applicable data protection regulations.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT:
Contact information, such as name, address, telephone number and email address.
Customer credit card details are not collected or stored. See more details (security)
USING YOUR INFORMATION:
We use your information mainly to process your orders and to communicate with you.
We may communicate with you regarding your order or for promotional offers and customer services and for marketing purposes if you have previously consented to such use.
WHO WE SHARE IT WITH:
We don’t sell, rent or share customer data with anybody for marketing purposes. We share customer name and address with postal services or carriers to deliver orders.
OPTING IN & OUT
You may opt-in and out at any time following the relevant steps below;
Opt-out of your subscription from offers and newsletters.
Log in to My Account, click on Subscriptions to manage your preferences.
In marketing e-mails, you can use unsubscribe link to opt-out.
You can also contact us by e-mail or phone to request to opt out.
Request to export your data. Log in to My account, click on Export Data and request Account Data.
Request to delete your account. Log in to My account, click on Delete Account and request to Delete Account.
CUSTOMER COMPLAINTS
If you have any questions, concerns or comments about this privacy notice or our use of your personal information please contact us:
Data Protection Officer TOETOE Limited 2 HORSESHOE CLOSE LONDON NW2 7JJ UNITED KINGDOM dpo@toesocks.co.uk
You can also complain ICO (Information Commissioner’s Office) by calling the number 0303 123 1113 or visiting their website www.ico.org.uk
Security
All credit card details are entered on the highly secure server of our payment gateway partner PayPal Inc. Card numbers are encrypted from the moment they leave your computer until they're received by the gateway. All customers using our secure payment facility are protected by 256 bit encryption as required by the Payment Card Industry (PCI) standard.
Our SSL certificate can be viewed by clicking on the SSL certificate icon on the footer of the website. This certificate helps to prove we were who we said we were, so customers accessing our site could have confidence that we provide a secure payment service.
Please take the utmost care whenever you visit our or any other e-commerce site and, in particular, make sure that nobody is able to obtain your password or any other sensitive information of your card. Once you have completed your purchase and to ensure all confidential information is removed, we recommend that you close all browsers.
For your added security online we would also recommend that you regularly have your computer checked for spyware, malware and viruses.
Account Holders and Guests
You will need your email address and password to login to your account.
We recommend you to register with us to enjoy the benefits below;
1. Faster checkout when you are logged in.
2. Receive exclusive offers only available for our registered customers.
3. Keep your past order history and repeat.
You are welcome to complete your order without creating an account. You can do this simply by not ticking the “Create Account” box. We will keep your details only for necessary communication to send you order and dispatch confirmation.
Opting In / Out
You may opt in and out at any time, click here to read more
You may Call us
In the UK : 08456 61 61 62
International: +44 (0) 208 830 9955
Cookies
Like most websites TOETOE Ltd uses cookies.
We always want to give you the best experience using our website; therefore, a small text file will be stored on your computer, which is called "Cookies".
ESSENTIAL COOKIES: The purpose of using essential cookies is to enable you to use features like; saving the items you selected and keeping them in your basket until you checkout, also to identify you as being signed in to toesocks.co.uk and keeping you logged in throughout your visit so that you don't need to sign in every time you visit. These cookies are completely safe and secure and will never contain any sensitive information.
We collect historical data to improve our services and offer better customer experience. This historical data does not contain any personal identifier information
PERFORMANCE COOKIES: These cookies are performance cookies. They help us to improve your experience on the site. For instance, we can provide better support with live chat which widget embedded on the site.
Click here to see the Essential Cookie and Performance Cookie lists and instructions how to manage.
7. Shopping
Prices & Availability
Prices and availability are possible to change without notice. Please confirm prices when ordering if you feel it is necessary. Prices on the site in replace all prices detailed in previous versions.
Search Tips
GENERAL SEARCH BOX - Located in the top right corner of every page, the search box allows you to search the entire site. Just enter a keyword, specific product name, condition etc.
How to Place Order
On the Internet: Each TOETOE product detail page contains the option Add to Cart. As you shop, you can add as many items to your shopping cart as you wish. After adding the last item, review your Shopping Cart. This page will give you a breakdown of the product(s) you have selected to buy, along with the price and quantity for each. Here you can edit your purchases deleting items, adding discount code or changing quantities as needed or go to Continue Shopping.
By Telephone:
You can reach us, (UK: 08456 61 61 62 - Abroad: +44 (0) 208 830 9955) to place your order.
Please note that we do not take payment on the phone. We can take your order on the phone as long as you are able to receive an email and use the payment link we send you to pay for your order. You can pay by accepted cards or PayPal.
8. One-Page Checkout
Login
If you are an existing customer,please enter your e-mail and password to login.
If you are a new customer, please enter your address and contact details deciding if you would like to create an account.
Enter Discount Code
If you have a discount code please enter in the text field (Subject to terms). After validating the discount code you can cancel it clicking on the cancel discount under the discount code field.
Address Details
If you wish to enter a different shipping address, please untick the box under the billing address. Please enter full details of the shipping address including the name of the person who will receive it. If you have an account with us, you can save many addresses.
Shipping Method
Depends on the destination country, the shipping method section will be listed. We use Royal Mail and all our delivery options will be sent via Royal Mail.
Payment Details
Under the selected payment method (Credit/Debit Card option selected as default) you must read the explanation before you proceed. For further information please click on the Payment Options.
Comments to Your Order
If you would like to include a message you can use this text field. You are welcome to include delivery related messages.
Final Order Check
Please check all the details of your order and make sure everything is correct.
Credit Card Details
If you are paying by credit or debit card, upon clicking on the Continue button, you will be taken to the fully secure PayPal payment gateway. Your transaction will be completed in real time, in other word the payment will be taken from your card while you are on the PayPal payment gateway page. Your card details are not stored by us or our payment gateway.
9. Ways to Place an Order
On the Internet
Each TOETOE SHOP product detail page contains the option Add to Basket. As you shop, you can add as many items to your shopping basket as you wish. After adding the last item, review your Shopping Basket. This page will give you a break down of the product(s) you have selected to buy, along with the price and quantity for each. Here you can edit your purchases – deleting items, adding promotion codes or changing quantities as needed or go to Continue Shopping.
By Post/Fax
Fill in the TOETOE SHOP Order form and send it back to us either by Post or Fax (UK: 0208 830 9988- Abroad: +44 (0) 208 830 9988). If you are paying for your Order by credit/debit card, please enter full card details. Alternatively, cheques should be made payable to TOETOE Ltd. Please use the following postal address when ordering by post: TOETOE Limited, UNIT 2A Horseshoe Close, London NW2 7JJ England
By Telephone
You can reach us, (UK: 08456 61 61 62 – Abroad: +44 (0) 208 830 9955) to place your order. Please keep your credit/debit card ready with you.
10. Payment Methods
Credit / Debit Cards
You can make payment online using following cards;
VisaMaster
Paypal
Choosing this form of payment will add an additional fee of 5% + £0.20.
Before you use this service you must be a registered member of PayPal.
For any questions, or to find out more about PayPal, go to http://www.paypal.com/
Cheque or Postal Money Order
Please make the cheque payable to:TOETOE LTD.Send To:TOETOE LimitedUNIT 2A Horseshoe CloseLondonNW27JJUnited Kingdom
Please note that your order will not be shipped until we have received the payment.
11. UK Posting Options
Royal Mail First Class
For orders, less than £25 in value p&p will be calculated automatically according to the weight of the products. This service is available only for England, Scotland and Northern Ireland and not available for orders from the outside UK.
Royal Mail First Class Recorded
(Requires Signature and Traceable)
For orders with any value, p&p will be calculated automatically during checkout according to the weight of the products selected. This service is not available for orders from the outside UK. The customers will receive a dispatch notification with reference number and date of dispatch for the package which can be traced at www.royalmail.com
Royal Mail Second Class Recorded
(Requires Signature and Traceable)For orders, more than £25 in value p&p is FREE in England, Scotland and Northern Ireland. This service is not available for orders from the outside UK. This service is not available for orders from the outside UK. The customers will receive a dispatch notification with reference number and date of dispatch for the package which can be traced at www.royalmail.com
Royal Mail Special Delivery Next Working Day
(Guaranteed by 1:00 PM - Requires Signature and Traceable)For orders with any value, p&p will be calculated automatically during checkout according to the weight of the products selected. This service is not available for orders from the outside UK. The customers will receive a dispatch notification with reference number and date of dispatch for the package which can be traced at www.royalmail.com
12. Outside UK Posting
International Signed For
(Requires Signature and Traceable)
For orders with any value p&p will be calculated automatically during checkout according to the weight of the products selected. This service is not available for orders from England, Scotland and Northern Ireland. The customers will receive a dispatch notification with reference number and date of dispatch for the package which can be traced at www.royalmail.com. After the package is left UK, customers should continue tracing their package at their national postal service website.
International Airsure
(Requires Signature and Traceable)
For orders with any value p&p will be calculated automatically during checkout according to the weight of the products selected. This service is not available for orders from England, Scotland and Northern Ireland. The customers will receive a dispatch notification with reference number and date of dispatch for the package which can be traced at www.royalmail.com. After the package is left UK, customers should continue tracing their package at their national postal service website.
13. Special Offers and Free Gifts
ALL SPECIAL offers are subject to availability, and may be in promotional packaging (packaging may refer to boxes, manuals, etc.) There are no gifts from the orders that are discounted from our regular prices. We reserved the right to substitute offered gifts by the same value similar gift from the same item.
14. Gift Cards and Discount Codes
When you have been offered Gift card or Discount Codes with certain percentage of discount please enter it in the Payment Information screen. The codes are case sensitive and can only be used once. The minimum order amount is £20. The discount does not include any products on specials or/and bundles. It cannot be used in conjunction with any discount offered for certain quantity.
If you are having difficulty using the number or you have any enquiry, please call us on 08456 61 61 62 or write us to customerservice@toesocks.co.uk
15. Prices and Availability
All shown prices are in the currency indicated in your shopping cart. Prices and availability are liable to change without notice. Please confirm prices when ordering if you feel it is necessary. Prices here in replace all prices detailed in previous versions.
16. Returns and Cancellation
How to Cancel an Order
Customer satisfaction is most important for us and we would be happy to cancel the contract for the purchase at any point from the time of ordering until seven working days after delivery.
To cancel this contract, either telephone the Customer Service team on one of the following numbers, or email us with the order number and your instruction to cancel to customerservice@toesocks.co.uk. UK: 0208 830 9955International: +44 (0) 208 830 9955.
If we have already shipped your order, you will need to package the relevant items and send them back to us to the following address stating the original order number.
TOETOE Limited/ RETURNS [Cancelation]UNIT 2A Horseshoe CloseLondonNW2 7JJUnited Kingdom.
After receiving the item/s we will refund the relevant part of the purchase price (means after deducting the postage & package and £2.50 administration charge) for that order as soon as possible and in any case within 30 days after we receive your notification.
When we receive return item/s by the carrier we contact customers to find a mutually agreed solution either to send the items back to the customer or offer refund according to our terms. If we don't get any replies from customers after trying to contact them for 3 months we close the case, however, if the customer contacts us within 6 months of the purchase date we may be able to offer a solution. Any open case after 6 months in similar nature will be assumed completely closed and we will not have any responsibility to fulfil such order in usual terms.
Colour/Style Change
If you request a colour change of the item/s you purchased or a different style, we are happy to do it as long as the item/s you want to exchange are in their original packaging unworn and unwashed. Please send a prepaid envelope to the following address with the items you would like to exchange and we will send you the item/s you wish to get.
TOETOE Limited/ RETURNS [Exchange]UNIT 2A Horseshoe CloseLondonNW2 7JJUnited Kingdom.
If you have requested replacements of a higher value, any difference due will need to be paid before we can dispatch the replacement.
Return of Faulty Goods
If you believe the goods we have supplied to you are faulty, firstly please contact us by email by sending us a few pictures of the faulty item for our initial assessment. Following this you should return the item to us together with a note, explaining what you believe is the problem and stating the original order number. When we receive the item, we will investigate the fault and contact you to agree the most appropriate resolution.
TOETOE Limited/ RETURNS [Exchange]UNIT 2A Horse Shoe CloseLondonNW2 7JJUnited Kingdom
17. Privacy Policy
You can be assured that your company information will be kept confidential. We do not sell, trade or share your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address or any other specific information. We do not keep credit/debit card information as we use an instant real time service which does not need to store card details.
Privacy & Security
TOETOE SHOP takes online security very seriously. We do not store credit/debit card numbers. All credit/debit card numbers are encrypted from the moment they leave your computer until they're received by the bank for authorisation/payment. This happens in real time. All customers using our secure payment facility are protected by 128 bit encryption as required by the Payment Card Industry (PCI) standard.
TOETOE Socks works in partnership with Netbanx to receive the card payments. Netbanx belongs to Neovia Financial Group which is the largest independent money transfer business in the world.
As soon as you are on our checkout page you can see that the pages are secure because the address in the address bar changes from being http:// to https://. You will also see a padlock symbol or key in the bottom bar of your browser (In IE 7.0 Microsoft have moved this padlock to the top right corner just at the end of the address bar). Our SSL certificate can be viewed by clicking on the padlock. This certificate helped to prove we were who we said we were, so customers accessing our site could have confidence that we were providing a legitimate service.
Please take the utmost care whenever you visit our or any other e-commerce site and, in particular, make sure that nobody is able to obtain your password. Once you have completed your purchase and to ensure all confidential information is removed, we recommend that you close all browsers.
For your added security online we would also recommend that you regularly have your computer checked for spyware, keyloggers and viruses.
Cookies
Like most websites TOETOE Ltd uses cookies.
We always want to give you the best experience using our website; therefore a small text file will be stored on your computer, which is called "Cookies". The purpose of doing such is to enable you to use features like; saving the items you selected and keeping them in your basket until you checkout or for a day (whichever comes first) also to identify you as being signed in to toesocks.co.uk and keeping you logged in throughout your visit so that you don't need to sign in every time you visit. These cookies are completely safe and secure and will never contain any sensitive information. They will only be used by TOETOE Ltd.
TOETOE SHOP uses cookies as part of the mechanism to hold the contents of the shopping basket during each visit that you make to the site, and as such we require both permanent and session cookies to be enabled.
Accounts and Passwords
Your account contains your delivery and billing details, email preferences and a record of your orders. You will need your email address and password to see or edit your personal details. Please note that we do not store your credit card details online.
Your password in our system is encrypted and can not be read by our staff, if you forgot your password, please use the pasword reminder tool available in the login page to reset your password. You can always change it by accessing My Account
-->
Copyright © 2001 - present TOETOE, Ltd. All rights reserved.