http://tophatcompany.com/privacy-policy/
Dessert Sauces
Gift Ideas
Corporate Gifts
Recipes
Top Hat Mud Pies RecipeElegant Oranges RecipeWinter Mints RecipeAfter Dinner Mints RecipeMocha Fudge Cream Torte RecipeChocolate Raspberry Cream Mousse Recipe (Coeur A La Creme)Aunt Bebe's Chocolate Chip Ice Cream Pie RecipeBetter Than Caramel Apples RecipeTodd's Faster Bananas Foster RecipeSummer Pound Cake RecipeVery Butterscotch Brownies RecipeTop Hat Turtle Brownies Recipe
Testimonials
Wholesale
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Protecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to the TopHatCompany.com and Top Hat Company Inc. and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to Top Hat Company Inc. include TopHatCompany.com. The Top Hat Company Inc. website is a ecommerce site. By using the Top Hat Company Inc. website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
Top Hat Company Inc. may collect personally identifiable information, such as your name. If you purchase Top Hat Company Inc.'s products and services, we collect billing and credit card information. This information is used to complete the purchase transaction. We may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future.
Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by Top Hat Company Inc.. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Top Hat Company Inc. website.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through Top Hat Company Inc.'s public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others.
Top Hat Company Inc. encourages you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from Top Hat Company Inc. so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information. Top Hat Company Inc. is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of the Top Hat Company Inc. website.
Use of your Personal Information
Top Hat Company Inc. collects and uses your personal information to operate its website(s) and deliver the services you have requested.
Top Hat Company Inc. may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Top Hat Company Inc. and its affiliates. Top Hat Company Inc. may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
Top Hat Company Inc. does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
Top Hat Company Inc. may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Top Hat Company Inc., and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Top Hat Company Inc. may keep track of the websites and pages our users visit within Top Hat Company Inc., in order to determine what Top Hat Company Inc. services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Top Hat Company Inc. to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Top Hat Company Inc. will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Top Hat Company Inc. or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Top Hat Company Inc.; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Top Hat Company Inc., or the public.
Use of Cookies
The Top Hat Company Inc. website may use "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Top Hat Company Inc. pages, or register with Top Hat Company Inc. site or services, a cookie helps Top Hat Company Inc. to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Top Hat Company Inc. website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Top Hat Company Inc. features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Top Hat Company Inc. services or websites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
To secure your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure, Top Hat Company Inc. uses the following:
Starfield Technologies
When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol.
Children Under Thirteen
Top Hat Company Inc. does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.
Opt-Out & Unsubscribe
We respect your privacy and give you an opportunity to opt-out of receiving announcements of certain information. Users may opt-out of receiving any or all communications from Top Hat Company Inc. by following this link.
Changes to this Statement
Top Hat Company Inc. will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. Top Hat Company Inc. encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Top Hat Company Inc. is protecting your information.
Contact Information
Top Hat Company Inc. welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Top Hat Company Inc. has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Top Hat Company Inc. at:
Top Hat Company Inc.PO Box 66Wilmette, IL 60091
Telephone number:847 256-6565
Ecommerce Website Design by Matt Cotten