https://totaldry.com/privacy-policy
SHOP PRODUCTS
Liners & Guards
Boost Ups
(Contoured)
Boosters
(Rectangular)
Fitted Briefs
Reusable Underwear
Protective Underwear
Light Pads
Moderate & Heavy Pads
Underpads
Wash & Cream
Wipes
Waterproof Sheeting
CatalogAbout UsWhy TotalDry?FAQContact UsResources
Our Customers
How to Choose the Best Incontinence Products
Industries
Memory Care
Assisted Living
Nursing Homes
Home Health Care
Hospitals
sample Code
Search
Search1
Search
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
TotalDry respects your right to privacy. This policy summarizes what personally identifiable information we may collect, and how we might use this information. This policy also describes other important topics relating to your privacy.
Information Collection
TotalDry only will collect personally identifiable information (such as name, title, company name, address, telephone number, or e-mail address) that you voluntarily provide through our website or e-mail correspondence. We will collect general information (such as the type of browser you use, the files you request, and the domain name and country from which you request information) to improve our Web site and better meet your needs.
Use of Information
The information you supply will be used by TotalDry to process your orders, respond to your inquiries, supply you with requested information about TotalDry products and services, and track orders you have already placed. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to such personally identifiable information. Authorized third parties may also be utilized by TotalDry to collect, track and process such information, and these parties will be bound to TotalDry by strict confidentiality agreements. TotalDry does not sell or rent customers' personal information to anyone for any reason.
If you have any questions or concerns about personal information you may have provided to TotalDry, you may contact us at [email protected] or call us at (866)- 440- 0049 during regular business hours in order to:
Find out what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Email Policy
Anyone that enters an email address anywhere on our site or subscribes to our newsletter will receive emails from us regarding our company, products, specific orders and/or other promotions as identified on the site. Customers will always have the opportunity to opt-out of any specific type of correspondence either by clicking the unsubscribe links in the email correspondence or by contacting us at [email protected].
Security
TotalDry places the utmost importance on the protection of our customers' personal data. When you submit information via the TotalDry website, your information is protected both online and offline. Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us using industry standard SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) encryption to protect your personal information. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page. TotalDry web servers also employ industry-standard methods to monitor network traffic in order to identify unauthorized attempts to access our customers' information. The computerized systems in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment accessible only to authorized staff.
COOKIES, WEB BEACONS AND OTHER TECHNOLOGIES DO NOT TRACK
We, along with the third parties described in this Privacy Policy, use persistent and session cookies, Web beacons and other technologies. These technologies are used for tracking, analytics, remarketing, Site personalization and optimization and to personalize our and third party interactions with you.
Cookies. Cookies are small bits of information that are transferred to and stored in separate files within your computer’s browser. You can instruct your browser to stop accepting cookies. But if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use all portions or all functionality of the Site.
Persistent cookies remain on the visitor’s computer after the browser has been closed. For example, we use persistent cookies to remember a visitor when the visitor returns to the Site after visiting another website.
Session cookies exist only during a visitor’s online session and disappear from the visitor’s computer when they close the browser software. For example, we may use session cookies to remember what a visitor placed in the visitor’s cart.
Web Beacons. Web beacons are small strings of code that provide a method for delivering a graphic image, such as an advertisement, on a Web page or in an email message for the purpose of transferring data. You can disable the ability of Web beacons to capture information by blocking cookies.
Third parties may collect personally identifiable information about an individual user's online activities over time and across different Internet services when a user uses the Site.
We may also participate in certain Google Advertiser features including Demographics and Interest Reporting, Remarketing, and Google Display Network Impression Reporting. These features use third-party cookies and other tracking mechanisms and allow us to market our products to you through advertisements on other websites based on your past visits to the Site. You can opt out of these Google features in your ad settings: http://www.google.com/settings/ads/.
To opt-out of Google Analytics:  http://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads/
For the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on:  https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/
Other Important Information
The TotalDry Web site may contain links to other sites. We do not endorse or otherwise accept responsibility for the content or privacy policies of those sites. Additionally, some of our Web pages may contain "cookies," which are data that may be sent to your Web browser and stored on your computer. This allows our server to "recognize" you when you visit our Web site in the future. Most Web browsers can be configured to not accept cookies, or to notify you if a cookie is sent to you.
It may be necessary, if required by law or if pertinent to judicial or governmental investigations, to release your personally identifiable information. TotalDry reserves the right to modify this privacy policy at any time. We will promptly reflect any such modifications in these Web pages
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
Under California Civil Code Section 1798.83, if you are a California resident and your business relationship with us is primarily for personal, family or household purposes, you may request certain data regarding our disclosure, if any, of personal information to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to with "Request for California Privacy Information" in the subject line. You may make such a request up to once per calendar year. If applicable, we will provide to you via email a list of the categories of personal information disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately-preceding calendar year, along with the third parties' names and addresses. Please note that not all personal information sharing is covered by Section 1798.83's requirements.
CHANGES TO PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to update or modify this Privacy Policy at any time and from time to time without prior notice. Please review this Privacy Policy periodically, and especially before you provide any information. This Privacy Policy was made effective on the date indicated above.