https://totallychocolate.com/terms-conditions/
Home
Terms & ConditionsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicyMay 2018
Totally Chocolate Inc. 2025 sweet Road, Blaine, Washington, USA (“TC”, “our”, “us” or “we”) provides this Privacy Policy to inform you of our policies and procedures regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal and other information that we receive or obtain from visitors to //www.totallychocolate.com
We update this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting on the site, the new Privacy Policy. Changes take effect immediately upon such posting. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes.
In this Privacy Policy, the terms “using” and “processing” information, include using cookies on a computer, subjecting the information to statistical or other analysis and using or handling information in any way, including, but not limited to collecting, storing, evaluating, modifying, deleting, using, combining, disclosing and transferring information within our organization or among our affiliates within the United States or Internationally, as used on this website.
In collecting information, our primary goals are to administer, monitor, and improve the Totally Chocolate Site, its features and content, to provide and improve the Services. We do this to improve user experiences for Site visitors, customers, and the users of our Services.
Totally Chocolate has and will maintain our technical and organizational measures to keep your data safe.
How and What Kinds of Information We Collect
We collect information by using “log data” and “cookies,” by obtaining information from your usage of our Services, and by asking for information when visitors buy a product, register for and/or use a Service, or do various other things, as described below.
Log Data.
When you visit the Site, whether as a non-registered visitor just browsing or as an individual who has registered via the Site our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website (“Log Data”). This Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address; browser type; the webpage you were visiting before you came to our Site; pages of our Site that you visit; information you search for on our Site; and other statistics.
Cookies.
We use “cookies”, not the chocolate type, but small data files transferred to your computer’s hard disk – to collect information. We use two kinds of cookies. First, we utilize session ID cookies to enable certain features of the Site, to better understand how visitors interact with the Site, to monitor aggregate usage by TC Users, and to monitor web traffic routing on the Site. Second, we utilize persistent cookies for persons who have registered with TC to save their login information for future logins to the Site. While session cookies are deleted from your computer when you log off from the Site and then close your browser, persistent cookies remain. You can set your browser to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. If you do not accept cookies, however, you may not be able to use all portions of the Site or all functionality of the Services. Specific examples where we ask for or receive your Personal Information include the following:
Product Purchases.
If you choose to make a purchase through the store accessible via the Site, our third party payment processors or service providers may collect Personal Information from you in order to complete your transaction, including credit card information and billing address, and information you provide to them will be governed by that party’s privacy policy. In connection with such a purchase, we receive your Personal Information (excluding payment information) for product registration and/or update purposes and, if you have consented, for solicitation purposes, such as providing information on new product or service offerings.
Promotions.
From time to time, Totally Chocolate provides the opportunity to participate in promotions, surveys, contests or sweepstakes (collectively, “Promotions”) through the Site or other formats. We may request certain information (including Personal Information) from you to allow your participation. Participation in Promotions is completely voluntary. You therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose any of such needed Personal Information or other information. This Privacy Policy will at all times apply to any information that we collect from you for use in Promotions.
Newsletters and Promotional Materials.
TC offers newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. If you register to receive any of these, TC will use your Personal Information to provide such materials in the manner you elected. If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such communications from us, please follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of the communications or contact us at optout@totallychocolate.com or via 1-800-355-5506. (See “Reviewing, Updating, or Deleting Information” below.)
Employment Applications.
If you choose to apply for a position with Totally Chocolate via the “Careers” section of the Site, we may also collect Personal Information (including, but not limited to, your resume, cover letter and any other application-related documents), which we will use in connection with your application.
Social Media (“Social”).
As a community-driven company, we keep presences on prominent Social Sites including, but not limited, to Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn and Twitter. It is completely optional for you to be involved with our Social activities. However, if you do choose to participate (for example, by “liking” our profile, posting a message, entering a promotion, or answering a poll), we will have access to the information you divulge, which may include Personal Information, depending on your Social privacy settings.
Information Sharing and/or Disclosure
Personal Information: Except as outlined in this Privacy Policy, we do not sell or share your Personal Information with third parties and will ONLY process your data for legitimate interest-based purposes.
If You Have Given Your Consent. Your Personal Information is shared or published where you have given consent, such as in connection with a Promotion where you have been awarded a prize, or where you have provided your Personal Information for posting.
If there is ever a data breach, Totally Chocolate will notify you without delay with the next steps to protect your data.
Service Providers.
We may use third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Services, to provide the Services on our behalf, to perform Site-related services (e.g., without limitation, maintenance services, database management, web analytics, payment processing and improvement of the Services’ features) or to assist us in analyzing how our Services are used. These third parties have access to your Personal Information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose. However, for purchases through the store accessible via the Site, information you provide to that store will be subject to the store’s privacy policy.
Google Analytics.
We use the Analytics Advertising Features provided by Google Analytics. Google Analytics will collect non-personally identifiable information from you via cookies and such information will be used by us to analyze your activities in order to improve the Site, to remember your preferences when using the Site, and to display to you marketing material that you may be interested in. You can find out more about the Analytics Advertising Features provided by Google Analytics here //support.google.com/analytics/answer/3450482?hl=en. If you do not wish to have such information collected by Google Analytics, you may do so by downloading the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on, which is available here //tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. Opting out will not affect your ability to use the Site.
Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement.
TC cooperates with government and law enforcement officials and private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We will disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate to respond to claims and legal process (including but not limited to subpoenas), to protect the property and rights of Totally Chocolate or a third party, to protect the safety of the public or any person, or to prevent or stop activity we may consider to be, or to pose a risk of being, illegal, unethical or legally actionable activity.
Business Transfer Event.
If a third party acquires TC’s business or specific assets (including your Personal Information) as the result, for example, of a sale, merger, reorganization, insolvency, liquidation or other change of control, we would strive to keep your Personal Information subject to this Privacy Policy or, if that is not possible, provide notice (by posting on the Site) before Personal Information becomes subject to a substantively different privacy policy.
Aggregate Information and Non-identifying Information: We may share aggregated information that does not include Personal Information and we may otherwise disclose Non-Identifying Information and Log Data (which also do not include Personal Information) with third parties for industry analysis, demographic profiling and other purposes. Any such information shared in these contexts will not contain your Personal Information. If aggregated or Non-Identifying Information is tied to your Personal Information, it will not be disclosed except as set forth in this Privacy Policy.
TC use third parties to advertise across web sites.
Google, Facebook (and other similar third parties, if you use them) will show ads across web sites that you are visiting. The information gathered by these advertising networks is used to make predictions about you, your interests or preferences and to display advertisements across the Internet tailored to your apparent interests. We do not permit these ad networks to collect Personal Information about you on the Site. These ads shown across other web sites are based on a user’s past visits to the TC web site by using cookies. Users can opt out by visiting Google’s or Facebook’s Ads Settings page.
Reviewing, Updating or Deleting Your Information
By contacting us at optout@totallychocolate.com, each user may review, update, correct or ask us to delete the Personal Information that he or she provided for, or during use of, the Services. You have the right to ‘be forgotten’ or to request that Totally Chocolate erases your personal data, especially data that is no longer necessary. If you require us to completely delete all such information, then your account for your use of the Services may become deactivated, as applicable, and you may no longer be able to use or access the Service. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to honor your request. We may retain an archived copy of your Personal Information as required by law or for legitimate business purposes.
We will send you transaction confirmation emails and other strictly Service-related announcements on occasions when it is necessary to do so. For instance, if our Service is temporarily suspended for maintenance, we might send you an email. Generally, you may not opt-out of these communications, which are not promotional in nature. If you do not wish to receive them, you have the option to deactivate your account.
Our email data capture is carried out on US servers, via Mail chimp with double opt in activated. Most importantly, you can withdraw your consent to receive any information from Totally Chocolate at any time for all communications via the unsubscribe link on any email.
International Transfer
Your personal information may be transferred to, and maintained on, computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction. If you submit or choose to provide information to us, you consent to such transfer, maintenance, processing and use.
Security
Totally Chocolate is very concerned with safeguarding your information. We employ reasonable physical, technological, and administrative security measures. It is important to understand, however, that no website, server, Internet transmission, or method of electronic or other storage is 100% secure or “hacker proof.” Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
We will make any legally required disclosures of any breach of the security, confidentiality, or integrity of your electronically stored “personal data” (as defined in applicable state statutes on security breach notification) to you via email or conspicuous posting on the Site in the most expedient time possible and without unreasonable delay, insofar as consistent with (i) the legitimate needs of law enforcement or (ii) any measures necessary to determine the scope of the breach and restore the reasonable integrity of the data system.
Links to Other Sites
Our Site may contain links to other websites. This is not an endorsement, authorization or representation of our affiliation with that third party, nor is it an endorsement of their privacy or information security policies or practices. We do not exercise any control over third party websites. These other websites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information from you. Other websites follow different rules regarding the use or disclosure of the personal information you submit to them. We encourage you to read the privacy policies or statements of the other websites you visit.
Contacting Us
If you have any queries or questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at marketing@totallychocolate.com
Copyright Totally Chocolate 2018. All Rights Reserved.
Google Rating
5.0
Totally Chocolate
5.0
×
Ayanna 22:19 19 May 20
These cookies are just as described on the site. They are good quality and taste very good. We REALLY APPRECIATED THAT THEY ARE INDIVIDUALLY WRAPPED! Once they are ordered, it is easy to track and the presentation is excellent. The boxes of 12-Piece Confetti Belgian Chocolate cookies made great Mother’s Day gifts.
Beverly Carter 17:16 30 Jan 20
Updated 2020 review: Our service from TOTALLY CHOCOLATE has always OUTSTANDING over the 7 years we've been getting their chocolate!
I mean, who wouldn't be happy & feel awesome about working with chocolate!
It shows in their enthusiasm.
Our chocolate business cards continue to get a smile and joyful response – and that’s a great way to reinforce my appreciation for client business.
The quality of the product is seen in the smile of our customers as they enjoy their first bite.
I'll post a photo of our Beverly Carter Notary Public chocolate business card next to our real card to give you an idea of how we matched the two business cards. Most people say if they eat my card then they won't have my number anymore.
Again, this always is a great and fun part of the conversations with my clients.
I love what I do and I'm thankful for the day I found TOTALLY CHOCOLATE.
Best chocolate company!
I did the below review in 2017:
Their service is wonderful and we receive great feedback about their product. Everyone loves our unique business cards.
Jenney Miller 21:07 27 Jan 20
Fabulous and timely customer service. We ordered giraffe-print chocolate and they came out wonderful! The wrappers were vividly colored and really nice quality. HIGHLY RECOMMEND
Jaz Crum 23:18 24 Jan 20
AWESOME COMPANY!! I ordered from Totally Chocolate for my office as referral gifts and they turned out so good! I reached out to a rep and was sent samples to taste the chocolate before i placed an order. They are so yummy! I personalized the box we ordered with our rep who also was amazing! Would 100% recommend for any type of gift!
Grant Coleman 20:40 21 Jan 20
I LOVE working with this company!
I get to work with Debbie every year on our annual order, and she's fantastic.
She always emails me a few months ahead of time to see if I want to pre-order to save money, and I do.
We have customized cookies with our office's logo made every year to deliver to our most loyal customers, and people love them so much they've come to eagerly expect them every year.
Sometimes when we walk in with them people will excitedly ask, "Are those the cookies?!?!"
Definitely will continue to work with Totally Chocolate.
Thanks for the great product and customer service!
1/21/20 Update - Still loving Totally Chocolate!
We ordered our usual 40+ boxes of cookies with our office logo on them, and they were a hit as usual.
Thanks for providing such a consistently good product!
Ben & Kara Keene 20:17 21 Jan 20
I order logo'd dark chocolate covered sugar cookies each year for our annual trade show event. Everyone loves the cookies - they've become our signature item and help create great traffic to our booth. Fantastic quality, from the order process to the shipping - and then the quality of the cookie is top notch. This is not your typical trade show cookie! It's more like a large piece of fine chocolate with a cookie coming along for the ride.
Katie Parker 18:32 21 Jan 20
I had never tried Totally Chocolate before and that is always a bit concerning.
But they did a great job of creating a logo chocolate bar for our "thank you" gift to staff.
Besides being impressed about how great it looked and how swiftly and efficiently it arrived … it is GREAT chocolate.
Way to go Totally Chocolate!
It was nice to be able to hit a homerun with the staff.
Cheers!
Christopher DeRosa 21:58 15 Jan 20
We have been using Totally Chocolate for the past 5 years for our holiday gifts to our Customers and they never disappoint!
Not only is the chocolate delicious, the exceptional customer service and the beautiful presentation make this gift stand out from the others.
Having it personalized adds a special touch and makes the recipient think of you every time they open the box.
Also they are great about sending you samples so you can try it for yourself!!!!!!!!
Claudia Reyes 19:25 07 Jan 20
It was a pleasure to work with Dorene. Great customer service, fast response, I placed the order for the company last minute and they still manage to have our order and delivery ready before Christmas. The chocolates are delicious, and the presentation absolutely beautiful with our company logo and unique box with artwork. All our customers were happy. Will definitely purchase from them again for our Christmas gifts.
Jill Ewald 18:21 06 Jan 20
Everything about this experience was perfect! Dorene walked me thru the ordering process and helped me figure out what I wanted. She made sure my order would get to Texas without melting and in a timely manner. When we discovered we didn't order enough she made sure we did not disappoint and had our choc covered cookies here! (The choc covered cookies are so delicious I may have stashed a few boxes for myself) Wonderful service, wonderful product!!
Brian Bosscher 19:13 03 Jan 20
We've used Totally Chocolate for a few years now and have always had an excellent experience working with them.
The product is high quality (and delicious) and their drop shipping capabilities make it easy for us when we're sending out their products to our clients who are spread across the country.
Highly recommended!
Verales Priscilla 23:29 02 Jan 20
Great service and quality.
Have been ordering custom chocolate bar from Totally Chocolate third year now.
Service is great from start to finish. Delivery is always on time. It's nice to work with a company that you can trust. We get lots of compliments on the promotional chocolate bar we give our visitors.
Will continue to submit our annual order.
Thomas Leddo 18:12 02 Jan 20
Have purchased hundreds of customized boxes for holiday gifts for customers from Totally Chocolate over the last few years. They do a great job. All we do is select the gift, send your logo and contact list in spreadsheet. They do the rest. They are an annual thing for us. Awesome!
Sheryl Rasmusson 21:41 31 Dec 19
Another fantastic chocolate provided by Totally Chocolate!
Thank you for representing our company so well.
Chocolate is absolutely fantastic and the customer service we received was extraordinary!
Finest chocolates and the logo design work was great too!
Thank you!!!!
Jennifer Monson 15:36 31 Dec 19
Always a pleasure working with Dorene Froese and Totally Chocolate for our year end business gifts. We've always chosen the 1 lb custom bar and it's perfect! Totally Chocolate is REQUESTED by our vendors and employees and we look forward to providing memorable gifts to them each year. Dorene is an absolute treasure to work with. She always knows what we need and gets our custom logo and designed box together quickly. Along with the shipping department, she helps with any special shipping requests and goes over and above to make sure we are satisfied. With so many options to choose from, this helps tremendously. The detail on the boxes is amazing and is such a unique gift as we change the design each year. We will continue to work with Totally Chocolate each and every year. It doesn't get any better!
Didi Horton 00:29 31 Dec 19
Amazing Customer Service, Excellent help through the chat online and amazing follow through via email. Chocolates tasted great, not like plastic or cheap and the special details they can do t make it custom made our clients really pleased. We wished they could add color to make our logo pop on the chocolate was the only thing we would change.
Stacey Flanders 23:16 30 Dec 19
This is our second year purchasing chocolate bars to send as Christmas gifts to customers. Our customers love the idea and the chocolate is GREAT,! So is the packaging itself! The ordering process is smooth and the customer service is also great. The ONLY reason I am giving a 4 rating instead of a 5 is because they can't quite get the color of the packaging right. We have a particular blue that is understandably harder to get, but it would be nice if the color was as it should be.
Sam Frey 20:22 16 Dec 19
I used Totally Chocolate at my work as a holiday season "thank you" to all of our employees. The team we worked with was great and the product was amazing. We received several compliments to the taste and packaging. I would definitely recommend them!
William Schaeffler 21:15 23 Sep 19
I send chocolate bars out with every tax return.
I have used Totally Chocolate for about 20 years now.
They have the creamiest milk chocolate and my clients love the candy.
I have never received the wrong item or not received my order on time.
When I order in the summer, they pack the cartons with freezer gel packs at no extra charge so the chocolate doesn't melt in route.
The TC people should be giving lessons on how to run a business.
Pamela Moyer 22:52 06 Sep 19
I ordered customized chocolate business cards from Totally Chocolate in 2017 and tried a different product in early 2019. The presentation is always beautiful and I love the Belgian dark chocolate and so do our
clients! I especially appreciate the excellent customer service from my account exec Wendy! When my first order did not arrive exactly as requested, she went above and beyond to make sure my order was corrected. It's hard to find people like that who will go out of their way to make sure you're happy. Thank you! I'll be contacting you soon to re-order!
Pamela Moyer 22:52 06 Sep 19
I ordered customized chocolate business cards from Totally Chocolate in 2017 and tried a different product in early 2019. The presentation is always beautiful and I love the Belgian dark chocolate and so do our
clients! I especially appreciate the excellent customer service from my account exec Wendy! When my first order did not arrive exactly as requested, she went above and beyond to make sure my order was corrected. It's hard to find people like that who will go out of their way to make sure you're happy. Thank you! I'll be contacting you soon to re-order!
John R. Merlino Jr. 12:09 05 Aug 19
A group of very talented people whose products not only makes a great presentation, but are delicious as well!
Erin Samueli 20:48 01 Jul 19
I had a great experience working with Totally Chocolate! They were very responsive and created beautiful chocolate bars for my dad for father's day. I would absolutely recommend.
RKL eSolutions 11:41 06 Jun 19
Great product at a more reasonable price than we saw from competitors. The customer service team was friendly and the design team was great! We sent them designs for the front of the bars and they were able to seamlessly copy our look and branding onto the back so we didn't have to worry about the shape of the wrapper.
Catherine Dalton 17:58 29 Apr 19
I was very pleased with the customer service and quality of the product that was provided to the clients we sent this chocolate gift to.
The dropship option was perfect for our situation and actually made the purchase even more cost effective for us.
Looking forward to working with Totally Chocolate again.
Catherine Dalton 17:58 29 Apr 19
I was very pleased with the customer service and quality of the product that was provided to the clients we sent this chocolate gift to.
The dropship option was perfect for our situation and actually made the purchase even more cost effective for us.
Looking forward to working with Totally Chocolate again.
Tim Cornwell 21:59 27 Mar 19
Totally Chocolate blew our minds with their over-the-top sales presentation! We now use their products to sweeten relationships with our clients! The quality of the appearance and taste is world class. Thanks Totally Chocolate for helping us reach our dreams!
Morgan Cooper 13:47 21 Feb 19
From beginning to end, our experience with TC was wonderful. They guided us through the process of selecting our choice, designing customer pieces and delivering it very quickly to our customers. We received a lot of positive feedback and will definitely use TC for future gift sends.
Patti Giacoletti 16:19 15 Feb 19
Our firm has been using Totally Chocolate for many years as a fun "gift" to hand out to our clients during tax season.
We have a custom design that we use every year.
Our clients know it's a tradition and love receiving them when they come in for appointments.
We can always depend on them for professional service, excellent customer service, quick turnaround, and of course delicious chocolate!
Anna Hull 17:33 05 Feb 19
The most incredible cookies in the world! Our office truly goes crazy over these every year around the holidays. They are delicious and Totally Chocolate really takes care of their customers! Their box printing is also gorgeous...they printed a custom design for my company and it came out flawless.
Danielle May 14:56 30 Jan 19
I stumbled upon Totally Chocolate this past holiday season looking for a unique gift to send to clients. Not only did they blow my expectations away but the clients all loved their gifts! The custom logo bar was such a fun way to send a sweet treat. The presentation was top notch and the chocolates tasted delightful! They are my go to for all gifts now!
Aleksandra Omanovic 20:59 29 Jan 19
This is such a unique and professional way to say Thank you, Merry Christmas, Happy Birthday, Thank you for your business, the list is endless. There are so many incredible options and the quality of the product is immeasurable. Not only is it delicious and beautifully presented but it arrives in a timely manner.
My rep Wendy is the best! We love Totally Chocolate!
Ohio OMS 15:50 28 Jan 19
Debbie was very helpful
in our quest for a unique gift for our referring offices.
We sent out custom designed 2 pound chocolate bars with a custom designed decorative box.
Totally chocolate handled everything, even the shipping.
It was the easiest holiday ever for our office.
Choose your product, send your mailing list and its done!
Kristen Gebow 16:42 22 Jan 19
We have been using Totally Chocolate for our client gifts for several years now. We have never been disappointed by the quality or customer service that this company and it's representatives provide. Our clients know we give these bars out each year and they can't wait to receive them! Totally Chocolate is always reinventing themselves to provide the best quality, presentation and satisfaction, which is why we continue to come back each year.
Betsy Davis 21:46 21 Jan 19
We've been buying Totally Chocolate sugar cookies, dipped in chocolate, with our MINUTEMAN PRESS log imprinted on the cookie itself, for over 16 years.
Hand them out mid-December, and our bigger customers start clamoring for them the minute we walk in the door! Every customer who gets one knows who they came from, whether they enjoy them immediately or a few days later. A distinctive gift that isn't forgotten!
Delise West 22:51 20 Jan 19
Each year we provide a "thank you" gift to our clients. For the 3rd year we used Totally Chocolate. My experience from start to finish is always terrific. Debbie was so helpful and attentive. With a 3-hour timezone difference I called one morning and expected to leave a voicemail message but Debbie was there and answered her phone! The personal attention really left me with a positive feeling about the company. When our boxes of logo-printed shortbread and chocolate cookies arrived, the customized box and the cookies exceeded my expectations. Our clients were so impressed with their delicious holiday gift. Count us in again for next year!
Meg Hardin 00:06 19 Jan 19
Debbie has been wonderful! We were so pleased with the chocolates we ordered for our centennial that when we got our new logo we ordered more. Good chocolates, good customer service.
J Butler 23:48 18 Jan 19
Amazingly positive experience! Great products and equally great support and customer care. Every recipient raves, and rightly so: the products are wonderful & memorable.
Rita Rosas 18:35 16 Jan 19
I must say that we are VERY impressed with the boxes, the cookies (so crisp), and the chocolate(yummm), and the logo imprinted (so cool to see our logo in chocolate) - and even more importantly, our clients are impressed!
I don't think we can ever send regular Christmas cards out again.
We've had a great experience with Totally Chocolate, start to finish.
I was so glad not to have to package and ship the boxes myself. They handled everything. Polite and professional from start to finish. This will be my go-to for Client Gifts from now on.
Terri Behrens 21:36 14 Jan 19
This company is awesome to work with and their products continue to impress!
ageer78 21:23 14 Jan 19
A wonderful company. Have ordered for the last 6-7 years and am never disappointed.
Janine Barlach 20:40 14 Jan 19
A great company and a great product.
We work with TC each year to put together our annual customer chocolate gifts.
TC makes it easy from the start from designing and placing the order to the delivery.
The product itself is exceptional, our employees and customers always rave about the quality and taste of the chocolate and they look forward to getting it each year.
Highly recommend.
Regency Hotel 18:02 04 Jan 19
Great customer service!!! Delicious chocolate!! Dorene is a rockstar!!! Keep out the good work.
John Shelford 21:47 02 Jan 19
Fantastic chocolate biscuits and 10+++ Service, Friendly customer service on phone - appears to be employee, not an outside service.
Highly recommended.
Patrick Schrodt 18:07 07 Sep 18
Unreal team and world class customer service!
The new products taste amazing!
William Hoffer 20:52 03 Jan 18
Samples of our company's chocolate gifts arrived today and they look tremendous!
The quality of the final art and printing is exceptional; my hat is off to Debbie Perucca
and her team.
From design to production, they all have my personal appreciation for the wonderful result.
The team could not have been more professional and gracious to work with, and I hope we get to do it again next year.
BTW, the chocolate is delicious!
Bianca McLaren 03:02 14 Dec 17
Wonderful selection of chocolates and designs! Wendy was extremely helpful in setting up our order and explaining the process. We not only got our order on time, but the quality was excellent. Would absolutely order again!
Chelsiah Scouras 22:03 12 Dec 17
We used Totally Chocolate for our holiday gifts this year, and were more than pleased with our decision. Totally Chocolates was professional and communicative throughout the order and delivery process. The product was professional and personalized, which added a special and memorable touch to our holiday gifts for clients.
We would definitely use Totally Chocolates again!
Western Global 02:28 12 Dec 17
Excellent service and amazing chocolates! We ordered custom chocolates for customer gifts and they turned out fantastic. The team at Totally Chocolate walked us through the whole process, outlined all the costs, and created packaging that perfectly matched our branding. Will definitely be ordering next year!
Sean Osmond 15:34 07 Dec 17
Totally Chocolate does amazing work for AVT Simulation every year. Quality imprints for our logo molds and the taste is great! They will for sure be helping us out again in the future as our customers and employees love their products. If you need a rep, make sure you ask for Wendy who has always won the day for us!
Wendy Gates 22:11 01 Dec 17
Totally Chocolate is a great company to work with.
I've purchased custom made 2 lb. chocolate bars for my real estate clients.
They do a fantastic job of making the chocolate bars look my business card.
My clients are always so happy to get the bars.
And, the chocolate is delicious!
Kim Tombrella 19:18 17 Nov 17
Top notch customer service throughout the process.
We ordered 100 boxes of the assorted chocolates with our logo on the 4 x 6 chocolate bar in the center. We had a custom designed band on the outside of the box with our firm logo.
Totally Chocolate offers high quality production, materials and excellent tasting chocolate.
Dorene was the rep who helped us create the order.
Her communication throughout the process was timely. Her suggestions and ideas made the purchase very smooth.
I highly recommend this company if you're looking for a gift to impress your clients and business associates.
See All Reviews
Please leave this field empty.
© 2020 Totally Chocolate     All rights reserved
Custom Chocolate Corporate Logo Gifts
×
Treat Yourself!
Sign up and enjoy10% off your next order
Please leave this field empty.
No thanks. I don't like chocolate
Treat Yourself!
Sign up and enjoy10% off your next order
Please leave this field empty.
No thanks. I don't like chocolate