https://tracerproducts.com/privacy-policy/
FacebookTwitterYouTubeLinkedinVimeoWhere to Buy
Careers
800-641-1133Contact us
How it WorksAutomotive Leak Detection Heavy Duty Truck Leak Detection Leak Detection Applications Testimonials FAQ
ProductsAutomotive Leak Detection Kits Fluorescent Leak Detection Dyes, Dyed Oils and Oils Leak Detection Flashlights Leak Detection Specialty Tools
A/C Leak Sealer
Replacement Parts & Accessories LeakFinder Aftermarkets Solutions By SystemR-1234yf/PAG Leak Detection Products R-134a/PAG Leak Detection Products Universal/Ester Leak Detection Products
Hybrid Vehicles A/C Leak Detection Kits Heavy-Duty/Fleet Leak Detection Products
AboutOur History Tracer Products Overview Business Associations Careers
ResourcesVideo Hub Graphic LibraryPhotosTracerline LeakFinder
Logos
Literature White Papers Safety Data Sheets Technical Bulletins Conflict Minerals Statement ISO Certification OEM Approvals Patents
SupportContact Where to Buy Become a Distributor Service and Repair
What’s NewBlog Case Studies Upcoming Events
Privacy Policy
Web Site Terms and Conditions of Use
1. Terms
By accessing this web site, you are agreeing to be bound by these web site Terms and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this web site are protected by applicable copyright and trade mark law.
2. Use License
Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials (information or software) on Tracer Products’s web site for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:
modify or copy the materials;
use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);
attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on Tracer Products’s web site;
remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or
transfer the materials to another person or “mirror” the materials on any other server.
This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by Tracer Products at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.
3. Disclaimer
The materials on Tracer Products’s web site are provided “as is”. Tracer Products makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, Tracer Products does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its Internet web site or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
4. Limitations
In no event shall Tracer Products or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption,) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on Tracer Products’s Internet site, even if Tracer Products or a Tracer Products authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
5. Revisions and Errata
The materials appearing on Tracer Products’s web site could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. Tracer Products does not warrant that any of the materials on its web site are accurate, complete, or current. Tracer Products may make changes to the materials contained on its web site at any time without notice. Tracer Products does not, however, make any commitment to update the materials.
6. Links
Tracer Products has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its Internet web site and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Tracer Products of the site. Use of any such linked web site is at the user’s own risk.
7. Site Terms of Use Modifications
Tracer Products may revise these terms of use for its web site at any time without notice. By using this web site you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.
8. Governing Law
Any claim relating to Tracer Products’s web site shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
General Terms and Conditions applicable to Use of a Web Site.
General Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy.
Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
We will collect and use of personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.
We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.
GDPR Privacy Policy
I. Information We Collect and How We Use It
In order to provide you with the most timely and relevant information about our products and company,Tracer Products, via our third-party data services, collects certain personal information from visitors to one or more of our sites. This information is used for; mass digital marketing such as email blasts associated with advertising campaigns, whitepapers, new product launches and other information about our company.
To target these campaigns efficiently, whenever a visitor to our website fills out any form on the site, the following information is collected:
Name (First and Last)
Email
Company
Job Title
Region/Country
City
Zip
Phone Number
This information is used only in connection with your use of one of our sites and is not transferred or sold to third parties for the purpose of providing or facilitating third party advertising to you.
II. Tracking and Cookies
Other information that may be collected automatically by third-parties with whom we partner when you visit one of our sites include your search activity, the pages you view, the date and time of your visit. We also may collect information that your computer or mobile device may provide to us in connection with your use of the site, such as your browser type, type of computer or mobile device, browser language, IP address, Wi-Fi information such as SSID, mobile carrier, phone number, unique device identifier, advertising identifier, location (including geolocation, beacon-based location, and GPS location), and requested and referring URLs.
III. Third Parties
Tracer Products uses a third-party source that helps us collect and store data. In addition, we use these third-party services for hosting and other infrastructure, security and analytics. These third-party processors offer at least the same level of data protection as that set out in our statement.
Tracer Products may provide your contact details to one of our authorized distributors located in your region to provide you with local service.
IV. Controlling Your Personal Data
At any time, you can ask us to confirm if we are processing your personal data, provide you with a copy of that data and advise you about whom we have shared that data. You may ask us to erase your personal data when it is no longer needed for the purposes for which it was collected, however, we may be required to maintain certain data for compliance with legal obligations. You may also ask us to restrict the use of your data or to correct any incorrect information.
V. Data Retention
The information collected by these third parties is held for as long as is reasonably necessary to carry out the activities referenced in section I. You may opt out or unsubscribe from future contact from Tracer Products at any time at which point the information will become inactive and archived within one of our third-party partners. The information can also be permanently deleted except for retention required for compliance with legal obligations.
VI. Children
Our websites are not directed towards children and we do not knowingly collect data from children under the age of 16. If you are the parent or guardian of a child whom you believe has provided us with any personal data without your consent, please contact us and we will take steps to delete such personal data from our system.
VII. Security
Tracer Products use various technical, physical and administrative safeguards to protect the personal information submitted to us. However, no company, including Tracer Products, can guarantee that the method of transmission or storage is 100% secure. As such, while Tracer Products uses commercially available methods to protect your information, we cannot guarantee absolute security.
VIII. Contact
You may contact us or write to us at the following address:
Tracer Products
Attn: Compliance Manager
956 Brush Hollow Rd.
Westbury, NY, 11590
IX. Changes to Privacy Policy
Tracer Products may revise this privacy policy from time to time. If any material changes are made, we will notify you by email or by posting a notice on our sites. By continuing to use the sites after those changes become effective, you acknowledge the revised Policy.
Note on Translated Version(s): For your convenience, Tracer Products may make translated versions of this Privacy Statement available on the Site. In the event that the terms of any such translated version conflict with the terms of the English version, the terms of the English version of this Privacy Statement will control in all instances.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained. Learn more about our company.
Tracer Products Statement on COVID-19 (View here)