https://traveling-tikes.myshopify.com/pages/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Home
>
Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicyTraveling Tikes values your privacy and vows never to sell, trade, or in any other way disclose your personal information to third parties without your consent (email addresses, phone numbers, etc.) to any other company except with the express intention of delivering the merchandise you ordered quickly and safely to its destination.Q: How do I know that my personal information is kept private and safe with you?A: Protecting your order information is a priority for us. Thanks to our secure servers we are able to guarantee that every transaction you make on TravelingTikes.com will be 100% safe. We use VeriSign Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology to protect the security of your online order information. To check the security of your connection, look at the URL line of your browser. When accessing our secure server, the first characters of the site address will change from http to https. This will happen when you are ready to check out and click on the CheckOut button.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------Q: What is your privacy policy?A: Traveling Tikes values your privacy and vows never to sell, trade, or in any other way disclose your personal information to third parties without your consent (email addresses, phone numbers, etc.) to any other company except with the express intention of delivering the merchandise you ordered quickly and safely to its destination.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------Q: Who has access to my personal information?A: Your personal information is completely safe with our company. The information you give to us is not given or sold to any outside party except for the shipping companies we use to send your items (for these shipping companies, we will only provide them with your name and shipping address, and do not give them any other information). We limit access to personal information about you to employees who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs.
Traveling Tikes Newsletter
Welcome to Traveling Tikes!
Join our newsletter for special offers, coupons, prior sales, new arrivals and much much more
Don't show this popup again
Quantity
Product successfully added to your Shopping Cart
Continue Shopping
Proceed to Checkout
Your Wishlist is empty!
×
Product added to Wishlist
View Wishlist
Add to cart
QTY
x