https://tri-stateantiques.com/privacystatement.html
47 W. Pike, Canonsburg, PA 15317
Phone: (724) 745-9116
Fax: (412) 291-1367
Email
Privacy Statement
Tri-State Antiques is committed to
safeguarding your privacy online. Please read the following policy to understand
how your personal information will be treated as you make full use of our
many offerings. This policy may change from time to time so please check
back periodically.
This policy will let you know:
1. What personally identifiable information is collected
from you;
2. What cookies are and how they are used;
3. How your information is used;
4. Who is collecting your information;
5. With whom your information may be shared;
6. What choices are available to you regarding collection,
use, and distribution of your information;
7. How Tri-State Antiques treats your personal financial
information;
8. The kind of security precautions that are in place
to protect the loss, misuse, or alteration of your information;
9..What else you should know about your online
privacy.
10. How do I contact Tri-State Antiques about your privacy
policy?
What personally identifiable
information does Tri-State Antiques collect from
me?(top)
The only personal information we ever ask for is when you place an order through our secure shopping cart.  See next question.
What are cookies and
how does Tri-State Antiques use them?(top)
As part of offering and providing customizable and personalized services,
Tri-State Antiques uses cookies to store and sometimes track information about you. A cookie is a small amount
of data that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your
computer's hard drive. The only area where we presently
use cookies is for our Shopping Cart service in order to track your
purchases allowing you to leave the site and return without losing your purchase
information. (See "What are my choices regarding
collection, use and distribution of my information?" for more information
on cookies.)
How does Tri-State Antiques
use my information?(top)
Tri-State Antiques' primary goal in collecting personal information
is to provide you, the user, with a customized experience when shopping on our site.
Who is collecting
information?(top)
When you are on a Tri-State Antiques site and are asked for personal
information, you are sharing that information with Tri-State
Antiques alone.
Please be aware that web sites that have links listed on our Links Directory
or banners advertised on our pages may collect personally identifiable
information about you. The information practices of those web sites linked
to Tri-State Antiques are not covered by this privacy statement.
With whom does Tri-State
antiques share my information?(top)
As a general rule, Tri-State Antiques will not disclose any of your
personally identifiable information except when we have your permission or
under special circumstances, such as when we believe in good faith that the
law requires it or under the circumstances described below. The following
describes some of the ways that your information may be disclosed.
Other: Tri-State Antiques  may also disclose account information
in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information
is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who
may be violating Tri-State Antiques' policies or may be causing injury to
or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally)
Tri-State Antiques' rights or property, or anyone else that could be
harmed by such activities. Tri-State Antiques may disclose or access account
information when we believe in good faith that the law requires it and for
administrative and other purposes that we deem necessary to maintain, service,
and improve our products and services.
What are my choices
regarding collection, use, and distribution of my
information?(top)
You
have choices with respect to cookies. By modifying your browser
preferences, you have the choice to accept all cookies, to be notified when
a cookie is set, or to reject all cookies. If you choose to reject all cookies
you will be unable to use those services that require registration in order
to participate such as our Secure Shopping Cart service.
Tri-State Antiques does not share, sell or rent user information to anyone.
How does Tri-State
Antiques protect my personal financial
information?(top)
Keeping your personal financial information private is vitally important
to us. As with all information, Tri-State Antiques will never rent or
sell your personal financial information.
Knowing that you use certain services or features may help us to offer you
better and more relevant content and advertisements. But as with all personally
identifiable information, we do not make this available to any third parties
without your permission.
Please note that there are several places on the Tri-State Antiques
website where you can transmit credit card information in order
to complete a purchase transaction.   Any time we ask for a credit card
number we transmit that credit card number in an encrypted format through
our own secure server.  In all our years of doing business on the net,
we have not had one case of any of our orders being intercepted.
What security precautions
are in place to protect the loss, misuse, or alteration of my
information?(top)
As a global company Tri-State Antiques has international sites and users
all over the world. When you give Tri-State Antiques personal information,
that information may be sent electronically to servers outside of the country
where you originally entered the information, such as to the United States
or other countries. In addition, that information may be used, stored and
processed outside of the country where you entered that information. Whenever
Tri-State Antiques handles personal information as described above, regardless
of where this occurs, Tri-State Antiques takes steps to ensure that your
information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to
be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal
information, Tri-State Antiques cannot ensure or warrant the security of
any information you transmit to us or from our online products or services,
and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission, we make
our best effort to ensure its security on our systems.
What else should I
know about my privacy?(top)
Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information
online - for example on message boards, through email, or in chat areas -
that information can be collected and used by others. In short, if you post
personal information online that is accessible to the public, you may receive
unsolicited messages from other parties in return.
Ultimately, you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your
passwords and/or any account information. Please be careful and responsible
whenever you're online.
Contacting the
Website(top)
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices
of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact
Kathy Burch
Tri-State Antique Center
47 W. Pike
Canonsburg, Pa. 15317
Kathy@tri-stateantiques.com
NOTICE: Click here for important information
about safe surfing from the Federal Trade Commission.
Complete Website Index:
- Select one of our many departments below -
Sitemap
Main Web Site Index
About
Tri-State Antiques - FAQS
Art Glass
Art Pottery
Autumn Leaf
Barbie Dolls
& Clothes
Beeswax Polish
BookStore OnLine
Carnival Glass
Clocks
Compacts &
Purses
Depression Glass
Directions to Store
and Map
Dolls
Elegant Glass
Fenton Glass
Fiesta!
Fifties Funstuff!!
Fine Art &
Illustrations
Franciscan Apple
Franciscan Desert
Rose
Franciscan Starburst
Furniture - Antique
Furniture - Mid-Century
Modern Furniture & Accents
Heywood-Wakefield
Howard's
Restor-a-Finish
Hummels
Italian Glass
Jewelry
Lamps &
Lighting, Antique & Vintage
Lighting,
Mid-Century Modern
LayAway Programs
Limoges, Nippon
& Other Porcelain
Links Directory
Mid-Century Modern
Furniture & Accents
Novus Polish
Porcelain: Limoges,
Nippon & Other
Pottery, China,
& Glassware
Purses &
Compacts
Reading Library
& Testimonials
Return Policy
& Guarantees
Roseville
Pottery
Royal
Doulton
Russel Wright
American Modern
Salem Freeform
Hopscotch
Sewing
Machines
Shipping Info
Sold Warehouse
Textiles: 50's
Tablecloths, Napkins & Bedspreads
Toys
Vanity Items & Objects
de Vertu
Virginia
Rose by Homer Laughlin
TRI-STATE ANTIQUE CENTER
47 W. Pike St.
Canonsburg, Pa. 15317
Phone: (724) 745-9116 or FAX (412) 291-1367 - 24 Hours
Hours
Copyright ©  Tri-State Antique
Center™