http://triathlonlab.com/pages/privacy-statement
Home
Swim
Wetsuits
Mens Wetsuits
Womens Wetsuits
Roka Wetsuits
Orca Wetsuits
Blue Seventy Wetsuits
Swim Gear
Goggles
Swim Safety
Bodycare
Swim Caps
Training Gear
Bags and Backpacks
Swim Electronics
Swimwear
Mens Swimwear
Womens Swimwear
Bike
Bikes
Road Bikes
Mountain Bikes
Hybrid/Commuter/Comfort Bikes
Tri / TT bikes
Electric Bikes
KHS
Argon 18
Cervelo
Felt
Scott Bikes
Tri Kits and Bundles
Components
Saddles
Drive Train
Bike Parts (misc)
Pedals, Cleats
Road Pedals
Mountain Pedals
Cleats
Wheels, Tires, Tubes
Wheels
Tires, Tubes
Maintenance
Tools
Pumps
Lubricants and Maintenance
Bike Accessories
Lights
Locks
Bike Hydration
Cages and Storage
Profile Design
XLAB
Other Accessories
Bags
Transition Bags
Seat and Frame Bags
Cockpit, Fork
Aerobars & Handlebars
Aerobar and Handlebar Accessories
Cycling Shoes
Road Shoes
Tri Shoes
Indoor Shoes
Run
Run Shoes
Altra Running Shoes
Bodycare
Run Clothing
Mens Run Clothing
Womens Run Clothing
Accessories
Hats and Visors
Socks
Run Safety
Belts, vests, packs, hydration
Cold Weather
Apparel
Mens Clothing
Mens Triathlon Clothing
Mens Cycling Clothing
Men's Run Clothing
Compression Clothing
Womens Clothing
Womens Triathlon Clothing
Womens Cycling Clothing
Women's Run Clothing
Womens Compression Clothing
Apparel Accesories
Gloves
Warmers
Socks
Hats and Visors
Coolers - warm weather
TRILAB Gear
Mens TriLAB
Womens TriLAB Gear
Sunglasses
Tifosi Sunglasses
Oakley Sunglasses
Goodr Sunglasses
Swim Goggles
TYR Goggles
Aqua Sphere Goggles
Roka Goggles
Bike Helmets
Road Helmets
Aero Helmets
Cycling Shoes
Road Shoes
Triathlon Shoes
Cycling Shoes Accessories
Compression Clothing
Electronics
Computers
Watches and Heartrate
Lights
Mounts and Accessories
Power Meters
Nutrition
Energy Bars, Snacks and Chews
Hydration and Recovery
Supplements
Energy Gels
Cookbooks and Accessories
Training
Bodycare
Lotions and Other bodycare
Sunscreens
Muscle Relief and recovery
Anti Chafing
Sunglasses
Tifosi Sunglasses
Oakely
Goodr Sunglasses
Bags and Backpacks
Transition Bags
Seat Bags
My Wishlist
Shopping Cart
0
Your cart is currently empty.
Continue Shopping
Total:
$0.00
Checkout Now
Or View Cart
Home
Privacy Statement
TRIATHLON LAB INC.’S PRIVACY POLICY
Triathlon LAB, Inc. (“Tri LAB”) takes your privacy very seriously. We have created this Privacy Policy to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy and security. We want to make your experience on triathlonlab.com (the “Site”) as enjoyable and rewarding as possible, and we want you to use this Site’s vast array of information, tools, and opportunities with complete confidence. Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy.
I. WHAT THIS PRIVACY POLICY COVERS
This policy covers how Tri LAB treats personal information that it collects and receives. Personal information is information like your name, address, email address, or phone number that is not otherwise publicly available. This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Tri LAB does not own or control or to people that Tri LAB does not employ or manage.
II INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE
A. General Tri LAB gathers personally identifiable information about users of the Site through the registration process and other means, such as user submissions and any web sites accessible through our Service. We use this information primarily to provide a customized experience as you use our Services and, generally, do not share this information with third parties except as noted below. However, we may disclose personal information collected if we have received your permission beforehand or in very special circumstances, such as when we believe that such disclosure is required by law or other special cases described below.
B. Personal Information Registration: When you register, you will be asked to provide certain personal information when you sign up including name, address, telephone number, billing information, and email address. The personal information collected from Members during the registration process is used to manage each Member’s account (such as for billing purposes). This information is not shared with third parties, unless specifically stated otherwise or in special circumstances. However, in instances where Tri LAB and a partner jointly promote the Services, Tri LAB may provide the partner certain personal information, such as the name, address, and username of persons who subscribed to the Services as a result of the joint promotion for the sole purpose of allowing us and the partner to assess the results of the promotion. In this instance, personal information may not be used by the partner for any other purpose. Tri LAB may also generate non-identifying and aggregate profiles from personal information Members provide during registration (such as the total number, but not the names, of Members). As explained in more detail below, we may use this aggregated and non-identifying information to sell advertisements that appear on the Site.
Online Shopping: On the Site, you can purchase products and services or register to receive materials, such as a catalog or new product and service updates. In many cases, you may be asked to provide contact information, such as your name, address, email address, phone number, and credit/debit card information. If you complete an order for someone else, such as an online gift order sent directly to a recipient, you may be asked to provide information about the recipient, such as the recipient’s name, address, and phone number. Tri LAB has no control over the third parties’ use of any personal information you provide when placing such an order. Please exercise care when doing so. If you order products directly from Tri LAB, we will use the personal information you provide only to process that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
Special Cases: It is Tri LAB’s policy not to use or share the personal information about Visitors of Members in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses. However, Tri LAB may disclose personal information about Visitors or Members, or information regarding your use of the Services or Web sites accessible through our Services, for any reason if, in our sole discretion, we believe that it is reasonable to do so, including: to satisfy laws, such as the Electronic Communications Privacy Act, regulations, or governmental or legal requests for such information; to disclose information that is necessary to identify, contact, or bring legal action against someone who may be violating our Terms & Conditions or other user policies; to operate the Services properly; or to protect Tri LAB and our Members.
C. Non-Personal Information & Cookies Tri LAB also gathers non-personal information through standard tracking mechanisms on Tri LAB internet servers. For example, Tri LAB employs “cookies” on various parts of the Site. Cookies are information that the Site transfers to the user's hard drive to facilitate record keeping and tracking a user's preferences. Non-personal information is primarily collected in order to improve the functionality and user's enjoyment of the Site, to tailor the Site to your individual preferences, and to make using the Site simpler and more enjoyable. The information that is typically tracked includes the type of internet browser and operating system being used by a user, and the user’s internet service provider.
D. Security The importance of security for all personally identifiable information associated with users is of the utmost concern to Tri LAB. Unfortunately no data transmission over the internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while Tri LAB strives to protect users' personal information, Tri LAB cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information users transmit to the Site, and users do so at their own risk.
III. COMMITMENT TO CHILDREN'S PRIVACY Protecting children’s privacy is especially important to us. While we make every effort to ensure that the Site is fun and age-appropriate for our younger audience, we believe that there is no substitute for proper parental supervision. For further information about tips, tools, age-appropriate or kid-friendly Web sites and how to report online trouble, please visit www.getnetwise.com. It is our policy to comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 and all other applicable laws. Therefore, children under the age of 13 are not permitted to register for the Site. Children under 13 may use the Site, but should do so only with parental supervision, especially when it relates to the disclosure of personal information about children. Although Tri LAB will do what it can to screen information from children under the age of 13 on the Site, Tri LAB has no way to guarantee that a registrant or user is under 13. Therefore, to the maximum extent permitted by law, Tri LAB is not responsible for a child’s use of the Site or the personal information supplied by a child on the Site.
IV. USER-INITIATED COMMUNICATION From time to time, portions of the Site may enable you to send email to us or to third parties and to participate in public bulletin boards and discussion groups (hosted by us or one or more of our service providers). All postings to public bulletin boards and discussion groups become our property. Whenever you choose to initiate these kinds of communications with us, or anyone else, you may expect to be contacted in return. Also, remember that our bulletin boards and discussion groups are open to the public, and therefore, your postings can be seen by anyone and are not protected by us or any other entity. Please use your own discretion when deciding what to post publicly, and whom to contact. We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to edit or delete inappropriate postings from our bulletin boards and discussion groups; provided, however, the reservation of this right shall not, under any circumstances, obligate us to conduct such editing or deletions.
V. THIRD PARTY LINKS This Privacy Policy only applies to this Site. The Site contains links to web sites that are not operated or controlled by Tri LAB, when you click on one of those links, you are entering another web site. Please be aware that these sites may collect information about you, and operate according to their own privacy practices that may differ from this Privacy Policy. The placement of links on the Site does not imply that Tri LAB endorses or warrants the content on any third party web site. Please remember to read the terms of use and privacy policies for those sites, as they may differ from these terms of use. Remember that once you're outside the Site, any information you submit is outside of our control.
A. PINTEREST PINS We use PINTEREST pins on triathlonlab.com.  Please see this link for their privacy policy: https://policy.pinterest.com/en/privacy-policy
B. SIGNAFYD:  This third party app is used to reduce fraud and to confirm purchasers identity on all shopping transactions at www.triathlonlab.com.  Please see their privacy policy here. https://www.signifyd.com/gdpr/
C. MAILCHIMP:  Triathlon LAB INC uses mailchimp to collect information from our users who sign up for our mail list or provide their email addrress to Triathlon LAB.  The newsletter list is separate from those collected related to orders.   For Mailchimps privacy notice please click here: Mail Chimp Privacy Policy
D. SHOPIFY:  Triathlon LAB INC uses Shopify as it's website platform.  Please see their privacy policy here to see what information they collect and why.  In addition, please see their Cookie Policy here .
VI. REVISIONS TO THIS POLICY Tri LAB reserves the right to revise, amend, or modify this policy, its Terms and Conditions and our other policies and agreements at any time, and in any manner. Notice of any revision, amendment, or modification will be posted in accordance with the Terms and Conditions. Accordingly, we encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy and the Site in order to keep apprised of our current privacy practices. If you do not agree to any provision of this Privacy Policy, or any update or modification thereto, please do not use the Site.
VII.  WHERE TO DIRECT QUESTIONS ABOUT THE TRI LAB PRIVACY POLICY If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the practices described herein, you may contact:
ATTN: Data Manager
Triathlon LAB, Inc.
1512 Aviation Blvd. Redondo Beach,
California 90278
By email: info@triathlonLAB.com
VII: To request information about your personal data stored or to have it erased, please contact us at info@triathlonlab.com with your request and we will process  your request.
©2018 Triathlon LAB Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Loading...
Error
is added to your shopping cart.
is added to your wish list.
Continue Shopping
Go to cart
Go To Wishlist
Close
Back to top