https://uapress.arizona.edu/privacypolicy
Privacy Policy Statement
For each visitor to the website of the University of Arizona Press, we collect the domain name and user-specific information on what pages the user accesses. This allows us to improve our site for our users. If you use our distribution center’s secure online server to order a book from us, our distributor requires a minimal amount of information to process the order: your name, mailing address, telephone number, credit card number, and email address. This information is never stored in clear text on our server, but is encrypted and forwarded immediately to the University of Chicago Press.
Unless you instruct otherwise, when you submit an order to us using our distribution center’s secure online server, we will add your name, mailing address, and email address (but not your telephone number) to our mailing lists. From time to time, you may receive print catalogs from us that describe books in areas related to books you have purchased from us. If you do not want to receive mailings from us, please let us know by writing to the email address below.
If you have purchased a book from us, we may occasionally send you emails announcing book sales and special offers. Such email promotions are infrequent. We will not share your email address with any other publisher or business. All of our promotional emails will include easy instructions for opting out of future emails.
If you submit your email address or telephone number to us in the course of ordering a book through our secure online server, we may use the email address or telephone number to contact you about a problem with your order. If in the past you have elected to receive notifications of new publications from us through email but do not now want to receive email from us, please follow the instructions to unsubscribe from future emails.
A note about cookies: if you use our online shopping basket to submit an order for a book, we will set a cookie in your web browser that stores the contents of your shopping basket. After the order is submitted, we delete the cookie. If you do not submit the order, the cookie will be deleted when you close your browser.
We follow and support the University of Arizona Electronic Privacy Statement. This statement outlines what data may be gathered when you use online resources at the University of Arizona and what use may be made of it.
This is the website of the University of Arizona Press, a department of the University of Arizona.
Our postal address is:
The University of Arizona Press
1510 E. University Blvd.
P.O. Box 210055
Tucson, AZ 85721-0055
Reach us via email at webmaster@uapress.arizona.edu or (520) 621-8656.
For Authors
The University of Arizona Press publishes the work of leading scholars from around the globe. Learn more about submitting a proposal, preparing your final manuscript, and publication.
Inquire
Requests
The University of Arizona Press is proud to share our books with readers, booksellers, media, librarians, scholars, and instructors. Join our email Newsletter. Request reprint licenses, information on subsidiary rights and translations, accessibility files, review copies, and desk and exam copies.
Request
Support the Press
Support a premier publisher of academic, regional, and literary works. We are committed to sharing past, present, and future works that reflect the special strengths of the University of Arizona and support its land-grant mission.
Give
AboutBooksContactEventsNewsCatalogsOpen ArizonaAuthorsBooksellersEducatorsLibrariansMedia