http://undpress.nd.edu/privacy-statement/
Skip to content
Due to extended delivery times as a result of the pandemic, orders placed after December 10 may not arrive before the holidays.
PRIVACY AND COOKIE POLICIES
INFORMATION COLLECTED ON THIS WEBSITE
We collect user information only when a user signs up for a newsletter or RSS feed, submits the Web feedback form, or makes a purchase through the Online Shopping Cart.
Web Feedback
We collect information regarding only the referrer page, the user agent (browser) and operating system, and such information as is voluntarily provided by the user. This information is used to better respond to the user’s request.
This information may be retained for statistical, record-keeping purposes and to improve and better maintain our online services.
We do not share any user information with third parties.
Online Shopping Cart
The online shopping cart sets cookies to record accumulated shopping cart items on the user’s system and reads the cookies back to determine cart contents. The Web server collects an IP address, referring page, and user agent (browser) information for statistical purposes that aid us in maintaining and improving our services.
To complete shopping cart orders, the shopping cart collects the shipping address(es), phone number(s), and credit cart information for billing purposes and the shopping cart contents to determine the merchandise to ship.
We do not share any of this information with third parties except as necessary to complete your order.
The University of Notre Dame Press Website Cookie Notice
What is a “Cookie?”
A cookie is a small piece of information sent by a web server to be stored on a web browser so that it can be read back later from that browser. The cookie is a text file saved in the browser’s directory and stored in RAM while the browser is running. The cookie may also be stored on the computer’s hard drive once a user logs off from that website or web server.
How Do We Use Cookies?
The University of Notre Dame Press and authorized third-party service providers collect information about users’ activities and experiences while visiting the University of Notre Dame Press website. Examples of tools that collect such information include but are not exclusive to: browser cookies, web beacons, flash cookies, tracking pixels, and similar technologies.
The University of Notre Dame Press uses data gathered about website activity (e.g., demographic data, browser type, IP address, pages visited, the day and time of visit) to target users for certain types of content, or to match up with email subscriber lists and/or to provide a better user experience. For example, to recognize new visitors to CU websites, recognize past users, better understand the interests of users and website visitors, and to improve the website to enhance the visitor experience.
Managing Cookies
Cookies can be managed through browser settings. To learn more, refer to the support instructions for each browser (Firefox, Chrome, Safari, or Internet Explorer). Be aware that disabling or deleting cookies may impact your ability to use certain features of that website. If disabling or deleting cookies, repeat this process for each browser and computer used. Note that cookies used by Adobe Flash cannot be controlled by browser settings.
The University of Notre Dame Press will treat any personally identifiable information that is collected on this website in a secure manner.
WEBSITE ADMINISTRATOR
Jennifer Bernal
University of Notre Dame Press
319 Flanner Hall
Notre Dame, IN 46556
Phone: 574-631-3266
jbernal2@nd.edu