http://unlvtickets.com/terms-and-conditions/
Toggle navigation
My Account
Sign In
Create An Account
Manage My Account
Season Renewals
Student Tickets
Upcoming Events
Enter Presale/Promo Code
Seating Charts
Maps & Directions
Help
About UNLVtickets
Account Information
Contact UNLVtickets
Customer Service
Delivery Methods
Disabled Services
Maps & Directions
New Visitors
Ordering Tickets
Other Ways to Buy
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Ticket Costs Explained
Venue Information
Home
Help
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
What are the methods of payment?
UNLVtickets accepts several methods of payment to accommodate your needs, including: American Express, MasterCard, Visa, and Discover. During your purchase, you will be required to accept all terms and conditions before completing your transaction.
Orders are processed only after the name and billing address of the cardholder has been verified. UNLVtickets will only mail tickets to the name and billing address of the cardholder. No other names or addresses may be used.
For your protection, orders of eight or more tickets, or totaling more than $250.00 MAY NOT be mailed. These orders will be held for pickup at the Ticket Office Will Call Window.
Customers must bring the Credit Card used to purchase their tickets and a valid photo ID or passport. The person picking up the tickets must be the owner of the credit card.
There are No Refunds or Exchanges. All purchases are final once the transaction is completed.
If you contact us before the day of the event & we are able to make an exception, a reprocessing fee may apply.
What are the terms on pricing and availability?
UNLVtickets sells tickets on behalf of the university Athletics Department, promoters, teams and bands, with the exception of university-sponsored events. UNLVtickets generally does not set the ticket prices or determine seat locations. Tickets are generally sold through several distribution points, including online, call center, retail outlets and the ticket office. All distribution points access the same ticketing system and inventory; therefore, tickets for popular events may sell out quickly.
What are the terms on service charges, handling, facility, and / or parking fees?
Tickets purchased through UNLVtickets are subject to a per ticket service charge and a non-refundable per order processing fee. UNLVtickets may also include Parking, Facility, Convenience, and Processing fees on each ticket.
What are the terms on billing and ticket limits?
All orders are subject to credit card approval and billing address verification. We can only ship tickets to the billing address of the cardholder. Please adhere to published ticket limits. Orders exceeding the ticket limit will be cancelled without notice. This includes duplicate orders having the same name, billing address or credit card.
What are the terms on purchasing tickets and attending an event?
The ticket(s) you purchase act as a revocable license to attend the event. Replacement of lost or stolen tickets will be subject to a reprocessing fee. If the ticket holder's conduct endangers or disrupts the players, coaches, officials, performers and/or other patrons, the venue reserves the right to remove the ticket holder from the premises. This includes the use of artificial noisemakers during UNLV Athletic events, which are prohibited in accordance with MWC policies. No refunds or exchanges will be made. Tickets presented and used for admission once are not valid for readmission, unless otherwise stated. Resale of any ticket by the purchaser on the grounds or in the buildings of the University is prohibited. Any person 2 years of age and older must have a ticket to enter the event. The child admission age may vary by event.
SMOKING AND VAPING WILL NOT BE PERMITTED IN ANY UNIVERSITY FACILITIES AT ANY TIME. PATRONS WILL CONSENT TO REASONABLE SEARCH. WE HAVE A CLEAR BAG POLICY FOR ALL EVENTS. ADDITIONALLY THE CONSUMPTION OF ALCOHOLIC BEVERAGES ARE ONLY AVAILABLE IN DESIGNATED AREAS ON UNIVERSITY PROPERTIES.
TICKET HOLDERS VOLUNTARILY ASSUME ALL RISK OF ILLNESS, PERSONAL INJURY, DEATH, TEMPORARY OR PERMANENT DISABILITY, EXPOSURE TO AND/OR INFECTION WITH COVID-19, AND OTHER RISKS THAT ARE UNKNOWN AT THIS TIME ARISING FROM, OR RELATED IN ANY WAY TO ATTENDING
THE EVENT FOR WHICH A TICKET IS ISSUED, WHETHER OCCURRING PRIOR TO, DURING, OR AFTER THE EVENT.
What are the terms on the limitations of liability, disclaimer?
UNLVtickets reserves the right at any time to:
Change the terms and conditions of these Terms;
Change the Site, including eliminating or discontinuing any content on or feature of the Site; or
Change any fees or charges for use of the Site.
Neither UNLVtickets nor any of our shareholders, licensors, suppliers, affiliates, advertisers or sponsors, nor our or their officers, directors, agents, employees, consultants or other representatives, warrant that your use of this website will be uninterrupted or error free; nor do they make any warranty as to the results that may be obtained from use of this website, or as to the accuracy, reliability or content of any information, service, or merchandise provided through this website. This website is provided on an "AS IS" basis without warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including, but not limited to, warranties of title or implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose, other than those warranties which are implied by and incapable of exclusion, restriction or modification under the laws applicable to this agreement. The disclaimers contained in this agreement apply to and damages or injury caused by any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, computer virus, communication line failure, theft or destruction or unauthorized access to, alteration of, or use of record, whether for breach of contract, torturous behavior, negligence, or under any other cause of action. You expressly acknowledge and agree that UNLVtickets shall have no liability or responsibility whatsoever for any errors, mistakes, inaccuracies or omissions in any materials, or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any materials posted, emailed, transmitted or otherwise made available via the site. You specifically acknowledge that neither the company nor its parent company is liable for the defamatory, offensive or illegal conduct of other users or third parties and you assume the risk of injury from any of the foregoing. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.
In no event will UNLVtickets, its parent company, or any person or entity involved in creating, producing or maintaining this website be held liable for any damages, including, without limitation, direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential or punitive damages arising out of the use of inability to use this website. Because some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of limitation of incidental or consequential damages, the above exclusions of incidental and consequential damages may not apply to you, but will apply, in any event, to the maximum extent possible.
What are the terms on privacy?
UNLVtickets is committed to protecting the privacy of our customers. We will not sell nor distribute customer information to resources outside of UNLVtickets, University of Nevada, Las Vegas, and the State of Nevada.
By using unlvtickets.com, you agree to the policies and procedures set forth by UNLVtickets. We reserve the right to change, modify, add, or remove portions of the UNLVtickets Privacy Policy at any time. If so, any such changes will be posted on this page. Please check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of this site following the posting of changes to the UNLVtickets Privacy Policy means you accept those changes. If you have any questions about the UNLVtickets Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us.
For more information, click here to view our full Privacy Policy.
What are the terms on promotions and contests?
At UNLVtickets, we hope you will be pleased with our promotions, giveaways, and contests. Dates and times of promotions, giveaways, and contests will vary and are subject to rules and regulations set forth by UNLVtickets, the State of Nevada, and/or the University of Nevada, Las Vegas. Tickets, promotion items, giveaways, and contest prizes are subject to availability and cannot be exchanged or refunded. We reserve the right to change rules and regulations, which will become effective upon announcement. Those interested in participating in UNLVtickets promotions, giveaways, and/or contests can log on to unlvtickets.com for further information on how to participate. Employees of Thomas & Mack Center, Sam Boyd Stadium, Cox Pavilion, participating sponsors, partners and event promoters are not eligible to participate in UNLVtickets contests. All who participate in UNLVtickets promotions, giveaways, and contests must be 18 years of age or older, and upon participation agree to be bound by all rules, policies, and regulations.
By participating in UNLVtickets promotions, giveaways, and contests, participants agree to have his/her voice or likeness used in advertising or broadcasting related to UNLVtickets promotions, giveaways, and contests without any compensation or rights to royalties for such use.
UNLVtickets contest winners may be required to sign a release form prior to receiving any prize. UNLVtickets promotions, giveaways, and contest participants and winners agree to hold University of Nevada, Las Vegas, the State of Nevada, UNLVtickets, its partners and sponsors, and event promoters harmless from and against any and all claims or liability arising directly or indirectly from the promotion, giveaway, or contest.
Top