https://upr.com/p-11583-privacy.html
Sidebar
Privacy
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we
provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the
choices you can make about the way your information is collected and
used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our
homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information
may be requested.
The Information We Collect:
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the
UPR.com website. On some pages, you can order products, make requests,
and register to receive materials. The types of personal information
collected at these pages are
Name, Address, Email address, Phone number, and Credit/Debit Card Information.
On some pages, you can submit information about other people. For
example, if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the
recipient, you will need to submit the recipient's address. In this
circumstance, the types of personal information collected are: Name,
Address, Phone Number, Email address.
The Way We Use Information:
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an
order only to complete that order. We do not share this information
with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that
order. We use the information you provide about someone else when placing
an order only to ship the product and to confirm delivery. We do not
share this information with outside parties except to the extent
necessary to complete that order.
We offer gift-cards by which you can personalize a product you order
for another person. Information you provide to us to create a gift-card
is only used for that purpose, and it is only disclosed to the person
receiving the gift.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such
addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with
outside parties.
You can register with our website if you would like to receive
updates on our new products and services.
Information you submit on our website will not be used for this purpose
unless you fill out the registration form.
We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design
our website. For example, we may notice that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our
website, or that Y number of men and Z number of women filled out our
registration form, but we would not disclose anything that could be
used to identify those individuals. Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable
information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones
described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or
otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure
the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate
physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure
the information we collect online.
Our system is secured by a Cisco PIX Firewall and data is encrypted up to 256-bits for safe purchasing.
How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information
You can access all your personally identifiable information that we
collect online and maintain by logging in with your user and password.
We use this procedure to better safeguard your information.
You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error.
To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable
steps to verify your identity before granting access or making
corrections.
For questions regarding our privacy policy please contact us at info@upr.com
Sign Up & Get Exclusive Online Deals »
Shop with Confidence
Customer Satisfaction
Our #1 priority is our customer!
Free Shipping on Orders Over $79.95
Fast shipping to you!
No hassle Returns
Easy returns or refunds
Have a Question?
Email Us
Get answers from the pros
1.877.438.5872
Mon - Sun 9:00 - 8:00 PM PST
×
Sign In or Create an Account
Close
FAQs
Check out popular questions
Contact Us
We'll reply within 24 hours
UPR Racing Supply
1.877.438.5872
Close
Ask The Pros
Have a tech Question?
Parts Request?
Submit my ride to UPR Racing Supply
UPR Racing Supply Locations
UPR Online Services
3545 S. Richey Blvd
Tucson, AZ 85713
info@upr.com
877-438-5872
Hours: M-F, 9:00am to 5:30pm
(MST)
UPR Pro Shop-Tucson
3705 S Palo Verde Blvd
Tucson, AZ 85713
520-290-3654
Hours: M-F, 9:00am to 5:30pm
(MST) Saturday by appointment (We could be at the races!)
UPR Pro Shop-Tempe
4453 S Rural Rd
Tempe, AZ 85282
480-838-7700
Hours: M-F, 9:00am to 5:30pm
(MST) Sat
9:00AM to 4:00PM
Have A General Question?
Name
*
Email
*
Phone #
Vehicle You Own (Year/Make/Model)*
Interested In?
Service
General Inquiry
Describe Your Needs in Detail
Newsletter Subscription
I want to stay informed on the best deals, products, news and fun events. I can unsubscribe anytime
Close