https://us.dbaoriginals.com/terms-and-conditions/
Skip to content
Terms and Conditions
Welcome to our website. This web page is a secure site.
If you continue to browse and use this website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern DBA Originals’ relationship with you in relation to this website. If you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, please do not use our website.
The term ‘DBA Originals’ or ‘us’ or ‘we’ refers to the owner of the website. ( whose registered office is: …. address.)
The term ‘you’ refers to the user or viewer of our website.
We may change these Terms from time to time without notice to you. However, any changes will only apply to any subsequent visits to the web site and orders received.
The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.This website uses cookies to monitor browsing preferences. If you do allow cookies to be used, information stored will not be disclosed to third parties.Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.Unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of USAThe details on our websites are not offers that you can accept. The contract between us will be formed once we confirm to you acceptance of your order.We will recieve your orders by the online store. We can also recieve your orders by phone or email and in these cases we will send you a quote for you to accept and pay through pay button. Prior to then we will be under no obligation to supply you with the goods you have ordered.You will automatically know when your Order has been placed. You will receive a confirmation Email showing your Order total and order number. If you do not receive this email, the Order DID NOT come through to us. Please resend or contact us at: contact@dbaoriginals.comIt is your responsibility to verify that your email address is in proper working order and must assume the risk of all consequences for transmission or operational failures.The price shall be the price quoted on the website. If we are unable to provide you with the goods you have ordered, you will be contacted as soon as possible at which point you will be offered the choice of accepting substitute goods of equivalent value or a complete refund of any sums that you have paid.We are not responsible if information made available on this site is not accurate, complete or current. The material on this site is provided for general information only and should not be relied upon or used as the sole basis for making decisions without consulting primary, more accurate, more complete or more timely sources of information. Any reliance on the material on this site is at your own risk. This site may contain certain “know-how” information and is provided for your reference only. We reserve the right to modify the contents of this site at any time, but we have no obligation to update any information on our site. You agree that it is your responsibility to monitor changes to our site.Prices for our products are subject to change without notice. We reserve the right at any time to modify prices or discontinue supplies (or any part or content thereof) without notice at any time. We shall not be liable to you or to any third-party for any modification, price change, suspension or discontinuance. We reserve the right to discontinue any product at any time. Any offer for any product or supply made on this site is void where prohibited. We do not warrant that the quality of any products, services, information, or other material purchased or obtained by you will meet your expectations.Discounts are not cumulative. We have made every effort to display as accurately as possible the colors and images of our products that appear at the store. We cannot guarantee that your computer monitor’s display of any color will be accurate. We reserve the right, but are not obligated, to limit the sales of our products or Services to any person, geographic region or jurisdiction. We may exercise this right on a case-by-case basis. We reserve the right to limit the quantities of any products or services that we offer. All descriptions of products or product pricing are subject to change at anytime without notice, at the sole discretion of us.We reserve the right to refuse service to anyone for any reason at any time.
We reserve the right to refuse any order you place with us. We may, in our sole discretion, limit or cancel quantities purchased per person, per household or per order. These restrictions may include orders placed by or under the same customer account, the same credit card, and/or orders that use the same billing and/or shipping address. In the event that we make a change to or cancel an order, we may attempt to notify you by contacting the e-mail and/or billing address/phone number provided at the time the order was made. We reserve the right to limit or prohibit orders that, in our sole judgment, appear to be placed by dealers, resellers or distributors.
You agree to provide current, complete and accurate purchase and account information for all purchases made at our store. You agree to promptly update your account and other information, including your email address and credit card numbers and expiration dates, so that we can complete your transactions and contact you as needed.
* Your submission of personal information through the store is governed by our Privacy Policy. If you have any doubt visit Privacy Policy.
* Occasionally there may be information on our site that contains typographical errors, inaccuracies or omissions that may relate to product descriptions, pricing, product shipping charges, transit times and availability. We reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions, and to change or update information or cancel orders if any information on the website is inaccurate at any time without prior notice (including after you have submitted your order). We undertake no obligation to update, amend or clarify information in the Service or on any related website, including without limitation, pricing information, except as required by law. No specified update or refresh date applied in the Service or on any related website, should be taken to indicate that all information in the Service or on any related website has been modified or updated.
* You are prohibited from using the site or its content: (a) for any unlawful purpose; (b) to solicit others to perform or participate in any unlawful acts; (c) to violate any international, federal, provincial or state regulations, rules, laws, or local ordinances; (d) to infringe upon or violate our intellectual property rights or the intellectual property rights of others; (e) to harass, abuse, insult, harm, defame, slander, disparage, intimidate, or discriminate based on gender, sexual orientation, religion, ethnicity, race, age, national origin, or disability; (f) to submit false or misleading information; (g) to upload or transmit viruses or any other type of malicious code that will or may be used in any way that will affect the functionality or operation of the Service or of any related website, other websites, or the Internet; (h) to collect or track the personal information of others; (i) to spam, phish, pharm, pretext, spider, crawl, or scrape; (j) for any obscene or immoral purpose; or (k) to interfere with or circumvent the security features of the Service or any related website, other websites, or the Internet. We reserve the right to terminate your use of the website for violating any of the prohibited uses.
You can review the most current version of the Terms at any time at this page.
* We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to update, change or replace any part of these Terms and conditions by posting updates and changes to our website. It is your responsibility to check our website periodically for changes. Your continued use of or access to our website following the posting of any changes to these Terms and conditions constitutes acceptance of those changes.
CartFacebook
Facebook