https://usnightvision.com/privacy-policy/
icon-full-print
icon-full-email
icon-share
icon-full-linkedin
icon-full-facebook
icon-full-google
icon-full-pinterest
icon-full-tumblr
icon-full-twitter
icon-check-valid
icon-minus-full
icon-plus-full
icon-minus
icon-plus
icon-x-invalid
icon-star
icon-unchecked
icon-checked
icon-linkedin
icon-google
icon-rss
icon-stumbleupon
icon-tumblr
icon-youtube
icon-facebook
icon-instagram
icon-pinterest
icon-twitter
icon-cart
icon-close
icon-menu
icon-search
icon-spinner
icon-chevron-left
icon-chevron-right
icon-visa
icon-mastercard
icon-apple-pay
icon-american-express
icon-discover
icon-paypal
Home
›
Privacy Policy
Welcome to our Privacy Policy-- Your privacy is critically important to us. The usage of SSL technology ensures that all data transmitted between the web server and browser remains encrypted.
US Night Vision is located at:US Night Vision1420 E Roseville Pkwy, Ste 140-321Roseville, CA 95611916-788-1110It is US Night Vision’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website. This Privacy Policy applies to www.usnightvision.com (hereinafter, "us", "we", or www.usnightvision.com. We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting personally identifiable information you may provide us through the Website. We have adopted this privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") to explain what information may be collected on our Website, how we use this information, and under what circumstances we may disclose the information to third parties. This Privacy Policy applies only to information we collect through the Website and does not apply to our collection of information from other sources.This Privacy Policy, together with the Terms and conditions posted on our Website, set forth the general rules and policies governing your use of our Website. Depending on your activities when visiting our Website, you may be required to agree to additional terms and conditions.- Website VisitorsLike most website operators, US Night Vision collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. US Night Vision’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how US Night Vision’s visitors use its website. From time to time, US Night Vision may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.US Night Vision also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on http://www.usnightvision.com blog posts. US Night Vision only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below.- Gathering of Personally-Identifying InformationCertain visitors to US Night Vision’s websites choose to interact with US Night Vision in ways that require US Night Vision to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that US Night Vision gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up for a blog at http://www.usnightvision.com to provide a username and email address.- SecurityThe security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.- Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying InformationUS Night Vision discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on US Night Vision’s behalf or to provide services available at US Night Vision’s website, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using US Night Vision’s website, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. US Night Vision will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, US Night Vision discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when US Night Vision believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of US Night Vision, third parties or the public at large.If you are a registered user of http://www.usnightvision.com and have supplied your email address, US Night Vision may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with US Night Vision and our products. We primarily use our blog to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. US Night Vision takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.- Aggregated StatisticsUS Night Vision may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its website. US Night Vision may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, US Night Vision does not disclose your personally-identifying information.- CookiesTo enrich and perfect your online experience, US Night Vision uses "Cookies", similar technologies and services provided by others to display personalized content, appropriate advertising and store your preferences on your computer.A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. US Night Vision uses cookies to help US Night Vision identify and track visitors, their usage of http://www.usnightvision.com, and their website access preferences. US Night Vision visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using US Night Vision’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of US Night Vision’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.By continuing to navigate our website without changing your cookie settings, you hereby acknowledge and agree to US Night Vision's use of cookies.Privacy Policy ChangesAlthough most changes are likely to be minor, US Night Vision may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in US Night Vision’s sole discretion. US Night Vision encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.  - private  - Credit & Contact Information. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us via email or phone. email:sales@usnightvision.com Toll Free:800-500-4020
Copyright US Night Vision Corp 2019
Close
Name
*
Email Address
*