https://usnightvision.com/terms-and-conditions/
icon-full-print
icon-full-email
icon-share
icon-full-linkedin
icon-full-facebook
icon-full-google
icon-full-pinterest
icon-full-tumblr
icon-full-twitter
icon-check-valid
icon-minus-full
icon-plus-full
icon-minus
icon-plus
icon-x-invalid
icon-star
icon-unchecked
icon-checked
icon-linkedin
icon-google
icon-rss
icon-stumbleupon
icon-tumblr
icon-youtube
icon-facebook
icon-instagram
icon-pinterest
icon-twitter
icon-cart
icon-close
icon-menu
icon-search
icon-spinner
icon-chevron-left
icon-chevron-right
icon-visa
icon-mastercard
icon-apple-pay
icon-american-express
icon-discover
icon-paypal
Home
›
Terms And Conditions
Welcome to US Night Vision    These terms and conditions outline the rules and regulations for the use of US Night Vision's Website.      US Night Vision is located at:     1420 E Roseville Pkwy, Ste 140-321 , Roseville, CA - 95661, USA
Your Credit Card Charge will be billed by US Night Vision. All Information is transmitted through secure SSL  Export Notice: Night Vision Equipment and related accessories is controlled by the International Traffic in Arms Regulation (ITAR), 22 C.F.R. §§ 120-130, and may     not be exported to a foreign person, either in the U.S. or abroad, without a license or exemption from the U.S. Department of State.
For the protection of our customers and ITAR regulations we require the following when entering billing and shipping information.
Billing zip code must match the billing zip code on file with your credit card company.
Billing area code of the phone number must match the area code of the phone number on file with your credit card company.
Credit Card being used must be issued by a US bank.
Both billing and shipping addresses must be located in the US.
We may require further validation of identity by asking that you provide us an image of your Driver’s License and Credit Card used to purchase.
By accessing this website we assume you accept these terms and conditions in full. Do not continue to use US Night Vision's website     if you do not accept all of the terms and conditions stated on this page.    The following terminology applies to these Terms and Conditions, Privacy Statement and Disclaimer Notice    and any or all Agreements: “Client”, “You” and “Your” refers to you, the person accessing this website    and accepting the Company’s terms and conditions. “The Company”, “Ourselves”, “We”, “Our” and “Us”, refers    to our Company. “Party”, “Parties”, or “Us”, refers to both the Client and ourselves, or either the Client    or ourselves. All terms refer to the offer, acceptance and consideration of payment necessary to undertake    the process of our assistance to the Client in the most appropriate manner, whether by formal meetings    of a fixed duration, or any other means, for the express purpose of meeting the Client’s needs in respect    of provision of the Company’s stated services/products, in accordance with and subject to, prevailing law    of USA. Any use of the above terminology or other words in the singular, plural,    capitalisation and/or he/she or they, are taken as interchangeable and therefore as referring to same.Cookies    We employ the use of cookies. By using US Night Vision's website you consent to the use of cookies     in accordance with US Night Vision’s privacy policy.Most of the modern day interactive web sites    use cookies to enable us to retrieve user details for each visit. Cookies are used in some areas of our site    to enable the functionality of this area and ease of use for those people visiting. Some of our     affiliate / advertising partners may also use cookies.License    Unless otherwise stated, US Night Vision and/or it’s licensors own the intellectual property rights for    all material on US Night Vision. All intellectual property rights are reserved. You may view and/or print    pages from http://www.usnightvision.com for your own personal use subject to restrictions set in these terms and conditions.    You must not:            Republish material from http://www.usnightvision.com        Sell, rent or sub-license material from http://www.usnightvision.com        Reproduce, duplicate or copy material from http://www.usnightvision.com        Redistribute content from US Night Vision (unless content is specifically made for redistribution).Reservation of Rights    We reserve the right at any time and in its sole discretion to request that you remove all links or any particular    link to our Web site. You agree to immediately remove all links to our Web site upon such request. We also    reserve the right to amend these terms and conditions and its linking policy at any time. By continuing    to link to our Web site, you agree to be bound to and abide by these linking terms and conditions.Content Liability    We shall have no responsibility or liability for any content appearing on your Web site. You agree to indemnify    and defend us against all claims arising out of or based upon your Website. No link(s) may appear on any    page on your Web site or within any context containing content or materials that may be interpreted as    libelous, obscene or criminal, or which infringes, otherwise violates, or advocates the infringement or    other violation of, any third party rights.Disclaimer    To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, we exclude all representations, warranties and conditions relating to our website and the use of this website (including, without limitation, any warranties implied by law in respect of satisfactory quality, fitness for purpose and/or the use of reasonable care and skill). Nothing in this disclaimer will:        limit or exclude our or your liability for death or personal injury resulting from negligence;    limit or exclude our or your liability for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation;    limit any of our or your liabilities in any way that is not permitted under applicable law; or    exclude any of our or your liabilities that may not be excluded under applicable law.        The limitations and exclusions of liability set out in this Section and elsewhere in this disclaimer: (a)    are subject to the preceding paragraph; and (b) govern all liabilities arising under the disclaimer or    in relation to the subject matter of this disclaimer, including liabilities arising in contract, in tort    (including negligence) and for breach of statutory duty.    To the extent that the website and the information and services on the website are provided free of charge,    we will not be liable for any loss or damage of any nature.Terms & Conditions    Credit & Contact Information If you have any queries regarding any of our terms, please contact us. 800-500-4020
Copyright US Night Vision Corp 2019
Close
Name
*
Email Address
*