https://usobit.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
United States Obituary Notices > Privacy policy
Terms and conditions of use of the USObit.com website
Acceptance of the conditions of use
By accessing the USObit.com website, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of use. your use of the website and its features will be considered an acceptance of the terms of use.
Property
All content on the site, including but not limited to articles, texts, illustrations, images, information, sound and video recordings, data, compilations and trademarks and the manner in which the content is presented, belong to USObit.com and are protected by Canadian and foreign laws, including copyright. You agree to respect all copyright in the content that you can access on or through the website.
Hyperlinks
The website contains hyperlinks to third party websites. These links are provided solely as a convenience to you and are not promoted by USObit.com from the content of these websites. USObit.com is not responsible for the content on the websites.
Third
Some of the services and advertisements included in USObit.com and in our mobile applications, are delivered or served by third-party companies, who may collect information about your use of USObit.comThese companies may place or recognize cookies, web beacons or other technologies to track certain non-personal information about the users of our website. For example, during the delivery of certain advertisements, an advertiser may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser to collect certain information about your use of USObit.com. For another example, an advertiser or ad server may also be able to collect your device’s unique identifier during ad serving. In many cases, this information could be used to show you advertisements on other websites based on your interests.
We do not have access to, or control over, the use of these cookies by third parties or other tracking technologies or how they may be used.
For example, we use Google to run advertisements on USObit.com that use the Google Doubleclick cookie, and in some cases, a unique device ID to show you ads based on your visit to USObit.com and other sites. on the Internet. You can opt out of using the Google Doubleclick cookie by visiting the Google Ad and Content Network privacy policies.
Your access to our websites should not be affected if you do not accept cookies served by third parties.
Applicable right
By accessing or using the Website, you agree that all matters relating to your access to and use of this Website and its Content are governed by the laws of the Province of Quebec and the laws of Canada, without regard to principles of conflict of laws. You agree that any dispute arising from the use of the website or these terms of use shall be subject to the jurisdiction of the courts of the province of Quebec.
Private life link:
thank you
USObit.com
privacy@USObit.com
Search for death notice
The USObit.com website
Provides information on death notices published in United State by various funeral homes.
USObit.com, a search engine specialized in obituary, daily updates the publication of notices of death,  allowing increased visibility to an additional gateway to pay a final homage to the deceased or at least pay him a posthumous tribute
Look for death notices by monthJanuary 2020
February 2020
March 2020
April 2020
May 2020
June 2020
July 2020
August 2020
September 2020
October 2020
November 2020
Search for Obituary before 2020
Contact Us
Search engine specialized in US obituaries
Private life
Privacy policy
Add a death notice
Look for obit by month for 2019January 2019
Febuary 2019
March 2019
April 2019
May 2019
June 2019
July 2019
August 2019
september 2019
October 2019
november 2019
December 2019