http://utzsnacks.com/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to content
DUE TO INCREASED VOLUME DURING PEAK SEASON, ORDERS MAY BE DELAYED 2-3 BUSINESS DAYS
Menu
Mobile search
SHOP NOW
OUR BRANDS
STORE LOCATOR
Search
Menu
Log in
Create an account
Shop Now
Store Locator
About UTZ
News
Careers
Contact Us
Investor Relations
SHOP BY BRAND:
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Thursday, January 24, 2020
Thank you for visiting www.utzsnacks.com (the “Site”), which is owned and operated by Utz Quality Foods, LLC (“Utz”). Utz cares about your right to privacy, and as a result has established this Privacy Policy (the “Privacy Policy”). This Privacy Policy explains the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit the Site and describes our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting and disclosing such information.
This Privacy Policy applies to information we collect on or through the Site as well as information you provide to us through your access to and use of Utz’s Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram webpages located at: Throughout this Privacy Policy, the terms “we”, “us” and “our” refer to Utz and the terms “you” or “your” refer to any user of or visitor to the Site, including but not limited to vendors, customers, merchants, and contributors of content.
THIS PRIVACY POLICY WAS LAST REVISED ON AND IS EFFECTIVE AS OF [1.24.20).
Acceptance of This Privacy Policy
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully before accessing or using our Site and before submitting any information to us through the Site or through the Social Media Web pages. By accessing or using any part of our Site, by submitting any information to us through the Site or through one or more of the Social Media Web pages, or by clicking “accept” to this Privacy Policy when this option is made available to you, you agree to be legally bound, without limitation or qualification, to this Privacy Policy (as well as the additional terms, conditions, and policies referenced herein) as well as the Terms of Service located at www.utzsnacks.com  (“Terms of Service”). You may choose not to provide certain information to us, but as a result, you may not be able to participate in certain activities or transactions provided on or through the Site.
Changes to Privacy Policy and Effective Date
We encourage you to review our Privacy Policy from time to time as we may modify the same. The date of the last update of the Privacy Policy will be posted above.
Furthermore, we will notify you that amendments to this Privacy Policy have been made by posting the term “Updated” next to our Privacy Policy link on our Site at www.utzsnacks.com for a period of 30 days after an update has occurred. Your continued use of the Site or provision of Personally Identifiable Information to Utz after the changes are posted constitutes your agreement to be bound by the Privacy Policy as amended with respect to any and all information that you ever provided to Utz, either before or after such amended Privacy Policy came into effect. If you do not agree to the changes, please discontinue use of the Site.
Payment Processing
When you purchase a product through the Site, your payment will be processed through Amazon Pay, PayPal or Shopify. In processing such orders, Amazon, PayPal or Shopify will collect certain Personally Identifiable Information including: your name, telephone number, e-mail address, billing information (credit card number, expiration date and billing address), products purchased, any relevant promotion code and the recipient’s name, address and telephone number. The PayPal, Amazon Pay, and Shopify payment processing platforms are operated by third parties and are governed by separate terms of use and privacy policies. You should familiarize yourself with the terms of use of privacy policies of such third parties. The PayPal Privacy Policy is found at: https://www.paypal.com/us/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full. The Amazon Pay Privacy Notice is found at: https://pay.amazon.com/us/help/201751600. And the Shopify Privacy Policy is found at https://www.shopify.com/legal/privacy.
Information Submitted to the Social Media Webpages
When you access or use one or more of the Social Media Web pages, you will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Privacy Policies and Terms and Conditions of Facebook, Twitter, and/or Instagram (each a “Social Media Provider” and collectively the “Social Media Providers”). These Social Media Providers each have separate data collection and privacy practices independent from ours, and Utz is not responsible for the policies or activities of these Social Media Providers. You should review the relevant Terms of Use and Privacy Policy for the applicable Social Media Provider before accessing or submitting any information on any Social Media Web page.
Children's Online Privacy Protection Act
Utz complies with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 ("COPPA") and its related amendments. COPPA requires that website operators never knowingly request Personally Identifiable Information from anyone under the age of 13 without requesting verifiable parental consent. In accordance with COPPA, we do not knowingly collect any Personally Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13. Moreover, Utz does not tailor its Site to children. We recommend that no one under the age of 18 submit Personally Identifiable Information to Utz via this Site or otherwise. In the event that we determine that a user of this Site is under the age of 13, we will not maintain or use his or her Personally Identifiable Information.
How We Collect and Use Personally Identifiable Information
You are welcome to visit the Site while remaining anonymous and not revealing or otherwise providing to Utz any Personally Identifiable Information. Personally, Identifiable Information is information that enables us to identify you, for example, your e-mail address, first and last name, home phone number, home address, etc. Moreover, subject to the privacy policies of third-party Social Media Providers, you are welcome to visit and view Utz’s publically available Social Media Web pages without providing Utz with your Personally Identifiable Information.
However, Utz may collect and use Personally Identifiable Information (as well as other non-personally identifiable information) in each of the following instances:
When you request information or materials concerning Utz’s products through the Site or otherwise;
When you submit a post on one or more of Utz’s Social Media Web pages;
When you subscribe to an e-mail newsletter via the Site or otherwise;
When you purchase one or more Utz products online or store information using the “My Wishlist” feature on the Site;
When you participate in surveys sponsored by Utz;
When you register to participate in a promotion (such as sweepstakes or contests) or otherwise provide Utz with your Personally Identifiable Information in connection with a promotion, sweepstakes or contest; and
When you otherwise directly provide Utz with your Personally Identifiable Information, such as via the “Contact Us” feature on the Site.
In addition, Utz may hire other companies to perform services on its behalf, such as operating certain aspects of the Site, sending you email, providing advertising services, or in connection with carrying out optional contest, special offers and promotions. These other companies may be supplied with or have access to your Personally Identifiable Information for the sole purpose of providing these services to us or on our behalf. These third parties may also collect and use non-personally identifiable information about your visits to the Site in order to send advertisements that may be of interest to you. Utz does not collect Personally Identifiable Information of a user’s online activities over time and across different websites.
We may also use your Personally Identifiable Information to enforce or apply our Terms of Service and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes and/or if we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Utz, our customers or others. We also reserve the right to use your Personally Identifiable Information to send you communications regarding changes to this Privacy Policy or the Terms of Service.
What Personally Identifiable Information We Collect
Categories of Personally Identifiable Information that Utz may collect in each of the foregoing instances include the following:
Your first, middle and last name (including title and any suffixes);
Your home address, including street address, city, state and zip code;
Your phone number(s);
Your email address(es); and
Social networking user account information, such as Facebook® user names, Twitter® handles and the like.
How We Collect and Use Non-Personally Identifiable Information
We also collect certain anonymous information that cannot be associated with you personally, such as the domains from which you visit us, the number of visitors to our Site, browsing patterns and areas of interest. We analyze this data to help us improve our Site, products and better serve our customers. Utz may sell, lend, share or disclose this non-personal information with others.
Cookies, Web Beacons, Clear Gifs, and IP Addresses
Utz may also use a feature of your browser called a “cookie,” which automatically identifies your computer, but not you, to our servers when you visit the Site and allows us to correlate your computer with certain usage patterns which are stored in our log files. Cookies are used to gather general information about the Site, such as usage statistics. Utz may also use session cookies to keep a user logged into the system and aid in the exchange of information between pages without loss of data. Session cookies are deleted once a user completely exits a web browser. Utz can also only read cookies from the Site. Please note that if your browser is set to reject all cookies, the Site may not function properly.
Utz may also use IP address information to count and track aggregate visits to the Site, to assist in identifying problems with our server, and to administer the Site. Utz does not link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable to you.
Moreover, Utz may collect information through the use of clear gifs, which are also known as web beacons web bugs, in email messages that we send to you or are sent to you on Utz’s behalf. These are small files that are included in certain emails that inform us as to which emails, we send are opened. Clear gifs may also see or read cookies on your computer. When authorized by Utz, certain contracted third parties, may use cookies, our web log files, clear gifs, and other similar monitoring technologies to compile and analyze anonymous aggregate data.
Do Not Track
If you navigate to Utz’s Site with “Do Not Track,” a privacy preference available via most web browsers, active, Utz will not treat you any differently than if you navigate to Utz’s Site with that option unchecked. Utz will not collect your Personally Identifiable Information except if you provide Utz with such information, as set forth above.
Opt Out of Email Communications
If you choose to receive email communications from Utz and later change your mind, you may remove your Personally Identifiable Information from our email database by unsubscribing at any time. Simply select the link and follow the unsubscribe instructions. Note, however, that Utz may still maintain your Personally Identifiable Information in other databases (such as in connection with a promotion or sweepstakes) unless you contact Utz directly (as provided below) and request that all Personally Identifiable Information be deleted, in which event Utz will take commercially reasonable efforts to delete your Personally Identifiable Information from its databases.
Other Websites and Links
Utz’s Site or Social Media Web pages may contain links to third party websites. These websites have separate data collection and privacy policies unrelated to Utz’s, and Utz is not responsible for any third party’s policies or activities, your use of these websites, or such third parties’ collection and storage of your Personally Identifiable Information. Please review such third parties’ privacy policies and contact them directly if you have questions about their privacy policies.
Sharing of Content Posted by You
Please note that if you give out personal information online—for example, when posting on one of our Social Media Web pages — that information can be collected and used by third parties and can be used by us without limitation. We cannot guarantee the security of information you post in these forums and have no control over how such third parties may use your information and there should be no expectation of privacy in such content. You disclose such information at your own risk.
International Users
Utz’s Site is accessible throughout the world. Utz stores and processes your Personally Identifiable Information in the United States, and its servers may be located outside of the area in which you live and subject to weaker privacy laws and regulations. By accessing or using this Site, Utz’s publically available Social Media Web pages, or otherwise providing Utz with your Personally Identifiable Information, you consent to the transfer of your data outside of your country and to the United States, and to agree to be bound by the laws of the United States and the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania with respect to privacy-related matters.
Sharing of Personally Identifiable Information with Third Parties
We may employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include order fulfillment, package delivery, postal mail and email communications, customer lists management, data analysis, marketing services and assistance which may include content and ads presented on other websites or mobile applications, credit card processing, and customer relationship management. These companies and individuals have access to Personally Identifiable Information needed to perform their functions, but they are not permitted to use such information for other purposes without our permission.
Utz may also disclose your Personally Identifiable Information to other Utz affiliates and subsidiaries, such as Good Health Natural Products, Inc.
Except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy, Utz will not sell, rent or disclose your Personally Identifiable Information to any other third party, unless we receive a search warrant, court order, subpoena, or are otherwise required to do so by law. We will also release specific information, which may include Personally Identifiable Information, in special cases, such as if there is an attempted breach of the security of the Site or a physical or property threat to you or others.
If Utz or a substantial portion of its assets is sold to another company, or Utz is otherwise merged into another company, your Personally Identifiable Information may be included as part of the sale. In such an event, unless you are otherwise notified, your Personally Identifiable Information will continue to be subject to this Privacy Policy.
Changing Your Personally Identifiable Information
If you would like to review the current details of your Personally Identifiable Information, or if you would like Utz to either change or discontinue use of your Personally Identifiable Information provided to Utz, such as updating an email address, phone number, street address, or otherwise, please contact us using the via the contact information provided below.
Security Commitment
Utz has in place commercially reasonable physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security, and correctly use the information we collect online. Utz encrypts the Personally Identifiable Information it collects from its users. Despite the foregoing, Utz cannot warrant—and expressly disclaims any and all implied or express warranties—that your Personally Identifiable Information will not be intercepted, accessed via an unauthorized third party or otherwise taken by a third party. You provide Utz with your Personally Identifiable Information at your own risk.
You must also seek to protect against unauthorized access to any information that you use in connection with this Site, and you should remember to close the browser once you have completed your activities on the Site or if you have decided to step away from your computer. In the event that we determine that there has been a security breach resulting in the unauthorized disclosure of Personally Identifiable Information to a third party, we will notify individuals whose Personally Identifiable Information has been so disclosed as required by law.
California Privacy Rights
The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (the “CCPA”) provides California residents with rights to receive certain disclosures regarding the collection, use, and sharing of “Personal Information,” as well as rights to access, delete, and restrict the sale of Personal Information that Utz may collect about our customers or visitors to the Site, effective January 1, 2020. The CCPA defines “Personal Information” as “information that identifies, relates to, describes, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household.” “Personal Information” includes information that Utz describes above as Personally Identifiable Information as well as certain Non-Personally Identifiable Information such as information relating to internet and network activities. If you are a California resident, you have a right not to receive discriminatory treatment for the exercise of the privacy rights conferred by the CCPA.
Collection and Use of Personal Information
Utz collects various categories of Personal Information when you use the Site, including identifiers, commercial information, internet or other electronic network or device activity information, and geolocation data. A more detailed description of the information Utz collects and the categories of sources from which Utz collects that information are provided above. Also provided above is a statement about how Utz may use your Personal Information, the categories of third parties with whom we share Personal Information, and what information may be shared under different circumstances and for specific business purposes. In addition, Utz generates inferences internally to help us understand how users interact with the Site, to develop and offer products and information, and to improve what we offer to users. Utz will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the Personal Information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.
Personal Information does not include deidentified or aggregated consumer information.
Disclosures to Third Parties for a Business Purpose
We limit disclosures of Personal Information for business purposes as described above.
Sale of Personal Information and Right to Opt Out
Utz does not sell your Personal Information to third parties (as those terms are defined under the CCPA) and will not do so in the future without providing you with notice and an opportunity to opt-out of such sale as required by law. Similarly, we do not offer financial incentives associated with our collection, use, or disclosure of your Personal Information.  Our Site, like most others, uses cookies. To learn more about our use of cookies and your choices, see above. Please note that your right to opt out does not apply to our sharing of data with service providers, with whom we work and who are required to use the data only on our behalf.
Right to Know and Right to Request Deletion of Personal Information
As of January 1, 2020, California residents have the right to request that we disclose what Personal Information we collect, use, and sell, as well as the right to request that we delete certain Personal Information that we have collected from you. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable request, we will disclose to you, based on the nature of your request: the categories of Personal Information we have collected about you; the categories of sources for the Personal Information we collected about you; our business or commercial purpose for collecting that information; the categories of third parties with whom we share that information; and/or, at your request, the specific pieces of Personal Information we collected about you.
Note that we may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service provider(s) to:
Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you.
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 seq.).
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information’s deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research’s achievement, if you previously provided informed consent.
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.
Comply with a legal obligation.
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
If we deny your request, we will provide you with an explanation of our reason(s) for doing so.
You may contact us by email, through the Site, by phone, or by mail as described below to make your request.  An agent may submit a request on your behalf, but you must verify that your agent is authorized to do so.
“Shine the Light”
Separate and apart from the CCPA, California’s Shine the Light law gives California residents the right to ask companies what personal information they share with third parties for those third parties’ direct marketing purposes. Utz does not disclose your personal information to third parties for the purpose of directly marketing their goods or services to you; however, if you would still like to make such a request or if you have questions, please contact us using the information below.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, the practices of the Site, your dealings with Utz, or to submit a request pursuant to the rights provided by the CCPA, we encourage you to contact Utz as follows:
Online: Click Here
Email: customerservice@utzsnacks.com
Phone: 1.800.367.7629
Via mail:
Utz Quality Foods
c/o Website Comments
900 High Street
Hanover, PA 17331
Sign Up to Stay Connected and Receive 25% Off your Purchase
Full Name
Email
Comments? Contact Us Today
Where to Work
Store Locator
1-800-367-7629
8:30AM-5PM EST
Utz on Facebook and Twitter
SHOP NOW
Shop All
Store Locator
Wholesale Customers
OUR COMPANY
Investor Relations
About UTZ
News
Timeline
Factory Tours
Careers
Associate Resources
Consumer Advisory
CUSTOMER CARE
Contact Us
FAQ
Shipping & Returns
MON-FRI 8:30am - 5pm EST
Terms & Conditions
Accessibility Statement
Privacy