https://vacuumshop.com.au/terms-of-use/
Skip to content
Menu
Best Vacuum Cleaners
Vacuum Types
Car Vacuums
Cordless
Carpet Sweepers
Cylinder
Garden
Handheld
Industrial
Robot
Xiaomi Mi
Steam Cleaners
Upright
Wet and Dry
Window
Cheap Vacuum
Features
Best Bagless
Best For Carpet
Best for Hardwood
Best HEPA Vacuums
Best Lightweight
Best For Pet Hair
Best For Stairs
Best Quiet Vacuums
Best Small Vacuum
Best Stick Vacuum
Brands
Bissell
Bosch
Dyson
Dyson V6
Dyson V8
Dyson V10
Dyson V11
Henry Hoover
Kmart
Hoover
Miele
Miele Complete C3 Review
Shark
Vax
January 2, 2020January 2, 2020 by vacuumshop
Last updated: March 30, 2019
Please read these Terms and Conditions (“Terms”, “Terms and Conditions”) carefully before using the https://vacuumshop.com.au/ website (the “Service”) operated by VacuumShop.com.au (“us”, “we”, or “our”).
Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use the Service.
By accessing or using the Service, you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms, then you may not access the Service.
Privacy Policy
We believe in being transparent when it comes to our privacy and information collection practices, so we’ve published a Privacy Policy for your edification
Links To Other Web Sites
Our Service may contain links to third-party websites or services that are not owned or controlled by VacuumShop.com.au.
VacuumShop.com.au has no control over and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party websites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that VacuumShop.com.au shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with the use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such websites or services.
We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third-party websites or services that you visit.
Termination
We may terminate or suspend access to our Service immediately, without prior notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation if you breach the Terms.
All provisions of the Terms which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.
Governing Law
These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of Victoria, Australia, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Service, and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have between us regarding the Service.
Affiliated Sites
We work with several partners and affiliates whose websites may be linked to within the Site. Because we do not have control over the content and performance of these partner and affiliate sites, we make no promises or guarantees about the accuracy, content, or quality of the information provided by such sites, and we assume no responsibility for unintended, objectionable, inaccurate, misleading, or unlawful content that may reside on those sites. Similarly, from time to time in connection with your use of the Site, you may have access to content items (including, but not limited to, websites) that are owned by third parties. You acknowledge and agree that we make no guarantees about, and assume no responsibility for, the accuracy, currency, content, or quality of this third-party content, and that, unless expressly provided otherwise, these Terms of Use shall govern your use of any and all third party content.
No Warranties
WE ARE MAKING THE SITE AVAILABLE TO YOU “AS IS” WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. YOU ASSUME THE RISK OF ANY AND ALL DAMAGE OR LOSS FROM USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE, THE SITE. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, REGARDING THE SITE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. WE DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE SITE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS OR THAT THE OPERATION OF THE SITE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE.
Changes
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is needed, we will try to provide at least 15 days notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.
By continuing to access or use our Service after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, please stop using the Service.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us here: https://vacuumshop.com.au/contact-us/
Scroll back to top