https://vanillabazaar.com/privacy-policy-cookie-restriction-mode
Shop:
United Kingdom Site
Australian Site
Login
/ Register
Search:
£0.00 0
Recently added item(s)
×
You have no items in your shopping cart.
Menu
(open)HomeAbout Us(open)Media LinksBest Budget Pods - BBC Good Food MagazineBest Extract - Market Kitchen TVExtract - John Torode, Daily MailPods - Dan Lepard, Guardian(open)Vanilla PodsGourmet PodsPremium PodsOrganic & Fairtrade PodsEssential Pods
(open)Vanilla ExtractsPurity ExtractsSpeciality Extracts
(open)Vanilla PowderPremium PowderGourmet Powder
Vanilla Caviar
Vanilla Sugar
Vanilla Seeds (Exhausted)
Wholesale/Agent
Home
/
Privacy Policy
Privacy and Cookie Compliance Policy
This Privacy and Cookie Policy was last updated on 21st May 2018
Data Controller
Vanillabazaar is the trading name of Essence of Life Limited. The data controller is Essence of Life Limited registered in England and Wales, company number 05252748
This privacy policy sets out how Vanillabazaar uses and protects any information that you give Vanillabazaar when you use this website. Vanillabazaar is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected and meets all the requirements for GDPR that becomes effective on 25th May 2018. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. Essence of Life Limited may change this policy from time to time, but will always be in accordance to GDPR. In this Privacy Pollicy, 'we', 'us' and 'our' means Essence of Life Limited.
We Are Secure
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online
We are duty bound to adhere to GDPR and PCI assessments to allow us to take credit card payments through our website. We do this by:
Fully securing our site with 100% SSL security
Ensuring our server operating systems and applications are patched regularly so that we are never at risk of known security flaws
Ensuring business processes are in place to protect all sensitive information online and offline
To demonstrate our commitment to security we have the following standards that we are assessed on yearly:
Website security: Qualys Analysis Report. As of 21st May this is at grade "A" which is the top grade.
PCI Compliance: Current certificate.This has been assessed by WorldPay
Cookie Restriction Popup
When you visit our site you will see a Cookie Restriction Popup which will ask you to enable cookies. Actually there is one cookie always set which allows the link between the server and your session to exist and is called "frontend". This is exempt from GDPR restrictions as there is no personal identifiable information stored in this cookie. No other cookies, including 3rd party cookies are set unless you accept this.
You can continue to browse the site without accepting all cookies but you may find that certain session-specific functions might not work. We recommend allowing cookies if you are going to buy anything from our site as the shopping cart relies on cookies to work optimally.
Creating an Account - Data Collection
If you want to create an account on our site you can do this manually by entering your Name Email and password.
Alternatively. you can also create an account that is linked to Google+, Facebook, Twitter, or LinkedIn, so you do not have to remember any new passwords or account details specifically for our site. This takes you to their sites for account validation and they then send us back that validation with an email address. We do not see any of your passwords as they are entered on the social connector's site only. The email address that is sent back from the social connector is used to set up an account for you on our site.
Previously we used to ask for users to subscribe to our newsletter. Howeve from 25th May 2018 we will no longer be collecting this information or sending out newsletters as we find our Twitter feed on @vanillabazaar is a more effective way of communicating with our customers.
Creating an Order - Data Collection
Ordering products is as easy as adding items to your cart and then progressing to the check out page. Click on the cart on the top right of the screen anytime to see a summary of your order and go to the check out.
On the first checkout page you will see a quick summary of the products you have put in your cart where you can make quick edits. On the next page you will see a 'Quick Checkout' page where you will be required to enter the following information:
Your Name
Your Company Name/VAT ID
Email Address/Telephone Number
Billing Address and Shipping Address
Sometimes a Customer Survey question
From this information and the items in your cart the system will provide you with shipping options and also payment options. You may also have different payment options if you have an account with us.
The main forms of payment are through PayPal and CardSave.
PayPal will require you to login to your PayPal account (on their servers) and choose how you want to pay. You can use funds linked to your account or a credit card (including most international and AmEx) here.
CardSave allows you to enter your credit card details directly and it will be processed by WorldPay who owns CardSave. This works for all UK cards and some international cards. This is done through a transparent redirect process but actually means that we do not store or process any of your card details. Effectively you are entering the details to be viewed by WordPay only. They do the validation and will pass back a confirmation of the payment or otherwise. If you find that your card does not work, try PayPal and in most cases it should resolve the problem.
Once an order is placed on our website an account is automatically created as we have legally engaged in a contract..This also allows for easy access for you to get order updates and also to see your order history. An email with your account access details will be emailed to you and you can manage passwords etc. by using the normal web techniques to reset forgotten usernames and passwords.
For wholesale customers we will enter customer data into our systems from the first quote that you request from us.
Data Processing by Us
The main reason for gathering the data we as for is to
Validate your payment details
Make sure we send the products you ordered to the right place
Contact you if there are any problems with the order process
Send you any required documentation, e.g. invoices, delivery notes and credit notes - this will be email through the sales order process.
Customers may be classified by whether they are wholesale customers or otherwise on our systems. If you are buying direct from our website then you are not a wholesale customer.
Further processing
Unless you are a wholesale customer, we will not use any of your contact details to do anything but contact you about the orders you have placed to ensure your experience is to the highest levels of customer service that we can provide.
If you are a wholesale customer we may contact you from time to time about our special offers.
We never pass on any of our data to third parties unless required to do so by law
We do not store individual's web activities in relation to their account.
This website uses Google Analytics to allow us to monitor how users use our website. As part of this activity, if you have a Google account and have allowed Google to associate your web and app browsing history so that you may receive personalised ads then Google may collect a Google identifier which allows them to identify your Google account when you are using this website. If you require further information or wish to opt out of Google Analytics Remarketing and Advertising Reporting Features then please visit Google’s currently available opt-outs
Links to Other Websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling Your Personal Information
All the data that we store about you can be accessed by logging onto your account. This will include any information that we have about you including any subscriptions you may have and your order history details. We do not store any information about you that is not available to see in your account.
You can ask us to send you a summary of al the details we store about you (subject access request) by emailing us on admin@vanillabazaar.com and we will respond to you within 30 days in Excel format.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible. We will investigate and correct any information found to be incorrect. within 30 days
You can submit a request for use to delete your account (right to be forgotten) by emailing us on admin@vanillabazaar.com. This will be effected within 30 days. We are, however, unable to delete any order information as we are under a legal obligation to keep these records for up to 6 years for regulatory purposes. This time-frame can be extended if there is an on-going investigation.
How We Use Cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. The popup that appears on the initial page gives you the option of just allowing the one essential cookie (frontend) to allow you to use the site without any tracking cookies enabled, or with consent, to allow all cookies to be enabled.
Our website will not work if you do not enable cookies at all in your browser.
You can delete cookies and/or manage them by going to Manage Cookies;
List of Cookies We Collect
The table below lists the cookies we collect and what information they store.
COOKIE NAMECOOKIE DESCRIPTION
AMYETREDIRECTURL
Keeps a record of a redirection to our local region website.
CART
The association with your shopping cart.
CATEGORY_INFO
Stores the category info on the page, that allows to display pages more quickly.
COMPARE
The items that you have in the Compare Products list.
COOKIELAW
A flag to tell the session that you have accepted the cookie restriction message
CURRENCY
Your preferred currency
CUSTOMER
An encrypted version of your customer id with the store.
CUSTOMER_AUTH
An indicator if you are currently logged into the store.
CUSTOMER_INFO
An encrypted version of the customer group you belong to.
CUSTOMER_SEGMENT_IDS
Stores the Customer Segment ID
EXTERNAL_NO_CACHE
A flag, which indicates whether caching is disabled or not.
FRONTEND
You sesssion ID on the server.
GUEST-VIEW
Allows guests to edit their orders.
LAST_CATEGORY
The last category you visited.
LAST_PRODUCT
The most recent product you have viewed.
NEWMESSAGE
Indicates whether a new message has been received.
NO_CACHE
Indicates whether it is allowed to use cache.
PERSISTENT_SHOPPING_CART
A link to information about your cart and viewing history if you have asked the site.
POLL
The ID of any polls you have recently voted in.
POLLN
Information on what polls you have voted on.
RECENTLYCOMPARED
The items that you have recently compared.
STF
Information on products you have emailed to friends.
STORE
The store view or language you have selected.
USER_ALLOWED_SAVE_COOKIE
Indicates whether a customer allowed to use cookies.
VIEWED_PRODUCT_IDS
The products that you have recently viewed.
WISHLIST
An encrypted list of products added to your Wishlist.
WISHLIST_CNT
The number of items in your Wishlist.
Vanillabazaar
Regal Way, London HA3 0SA
+44 (0) 203 291 0786
Email: Customer Services
Product Links
Vanilla Pods
Vanilla Extracts
Vanilla Powder
Vanilla Caviar
Vanilla Sugar
Exhausted Vanilla Seeds
Information
About Us
Media Links
Shipping & Delivery
Privacy & Security
Returns & Replacements
Promotion Details / T&Cs
Cookie Policy
Terms & Conditions
Site Map
My Account
My Account
Order History
Wishlist
Shopping Cart
Login / Register
Follow Us
Follow @vanillabazaar
Message Us
Vanillabazaar is an Essence of Life brand. UK Registration 5252748. VAT registration GB 882 3919 87
© 2018 Copyright Essence of Life Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
To work optimally this website requires cookies to be enabled. For details of cookies, our privacy policy and GDPR compliance please see our Privacy Policy page. To accept all cookies please click the "Allow" button below.
Allow