https://vermitechnology.com/privacy
Privacy
Terms of Use
This website is the property of Vermitechnology Unlimited. Our custom website, layout, content images, graphics, etc as related to our website is protected by United States copyright law.  Any entities not honoring this will be prosecuted to the full extent of the law. All content and images herein are copyright protected, and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the expressed written permission of Vermitechnology Unlimited. The compilation, organization, and display of this website (company name, text, graphics, logos, layout, design, button icons, etc.) are the sole and exclusive property of Vermitechnology Unlimited.
Visitor Information
Vermitechnology Unlimited
does not request, or knowingly collect identifiable information from children under the age of 18. Visitor information submitted through this website will be kept confidential and not shared with any entities. We take reasonable steps to protect personally identifiable information as you transmit it to our site and to protect such information from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. However, no Internet transmission is ever completely secure or error-free. In particular, e-mail sent to or from this site may not be secure. By using this site, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use. Whenever you submit information via this site, you consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of that information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
The use of this website does not constitute any agreement between Vermitechnology Unlimited and the visitor. Contact our office directly at 352-591-1111 to answer any concern and/or to discuss your needs. Browse our entire website to learn more about us.
Disclaimer
No guarantee is stated or implied by any verbiage or link presented on this website. The site may contain outside links or references to other Web sites to which this Privacy Policy does not apply.  As required, for our protection and yours, we will occasionally update our privacy policy and we will post those updates on this website. You are responsible for revisiting this website to review our privacy policy updates.
Reach Us
Vermitechnology Unlimited
P.O. Box 130
Orange Lake, FL 32681 USA
Tel. (407) 212-8107
Email: info@vermitechnology.com
Testimonial
Evaluation of Black Castings® on Organic Cherry Tomatoes
The greatest aspect of Black Castings® is the quality of fruit and increased shelves-life. During the spring 38% of cherry tomatoes were dumped; however only 10% of product was dumped during the fall. This resulted in over a 60% increase in gross sales.
Scott Prospect, Organic Prospects, Inc.