http://vetsbest.com/privacy
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE WEBSITES.
DO NOT USE THE WEBSITES UNLESS YOU AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY.
This Privacy Policy describes the types of information Manna Pro may collect about you through the Websites. It also describes how we may use and disclose this information. By Using any of the Websites, you agree that you have read the Privacy Policy, understand it, and agree to be bound by it and any revisions Manna Pro may publish.
Effective Date
This Privacy Policy is effective as of [5/14], 2019.
Definitions
For purposes of this Privacy Policy:
“Manna Pro,” "our," "us," or "we" means Manna Pro Products, LLC and any parent companies, subsidiaries, or affiliates.
"Use" or "Using" means accessing, processing, viewing, displaying, and downloading from the Websites.
“Websites” shall mean any and all websites owned and operated by Manna Pro, including but not limited to www.mannapro.com, nutri-vet.com, fruitablespet.com, espree.com, petzlife.com, vetzlife.com, and corta-flx.com.
Information We Collect
Personal Information. To conduct our business and operate the Websites, when you use any of our Websites we may collect personal information about you (collectively, “Personal Information”). This information may include such data points as name, address, telephone number, email address, gender, age, interests, and where you buy your products. In some circumstances (for example, when registering for various promotions or programs), you may provide us with additional personal information.
Usage Information. When a user navigates any of the Websites, we may collect additional information from the user that may not by itself reasonably identify the user as the source (collectively, “Usage Information”). Usage Information may include information regarding the user's computer, IP address, internet browser used, location from which the user visited the Website, dates and times visited, type of computer operating system used to access the Website, domain name of the website from which the user linked to the Website, and/or the areas of the Website visited and the actions performed on the Website. We will take reasonable measures to ensure that the Usage Information we collect is not personally identifiable and may not later be easily used to identify the user, except in the case of fraud checks or as otherwise required by applicable law.
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies. We utilize cookies to facilitate user navigation of the Websites. A cookie is a small data file that is transferred from the Websites to the user's browser, which enables the Websites to remember and customize subsequent visits. The user can instruct his or her browser to block the acceptance of cookies or to provide a warning prompt before cookies are accepted. If the user rejects cookies, the functionality of the Websites may be diminished or the Websites may not function at all. The use of cookies by any third-party sites accessed through a link from the Websites is not covered by this Privacy Policy.  In addition to cookies, the Websites may use other tracking technologies, including but not limited to Facebook tracking pixel and Google Analytics Tracking, to collect information automatically as a user browses the Websites and the web.
How We Use and Disclose Information About You
General Uses and Disclosures. We may use and disclose Personal Information and Usage Information for a variety of business-related purposes, including, but not limited to, contacting the user in response to inquiries; to deliver requested products or services; to inform you of products and services available from Manna Pro; analyzing user browsing and usage activities and patterns in order to understand user preferences with respect to the Websites; maintaining quality of service; and managing our everyday business needs. Manna Pro may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current products and services or of potential new products and services that may be offered.
Other Uses. In addition to the General Uses and Disclosures described above, Manna Pro may from time to time use or disclose to third parties Personal Information and Usage Information in connection with offering or providing you with coupons, new product announcements, press releases, exclusive offers, and giveaways/sweepstakes.
Third Parties. If and to the extent permitted or required by law, we may disclose Personal Information and Usage Information to third parties, such as service providers that help us manage our daily operations (for example, maintaining and hosting the Websites), and providers of other complementary services.
Law Enforcement, Safety, and Legal Processes.  We may disclose Personal Information or Usage Information to law enforcement or other government officials related to a criminal investigation or alleged criminal activity. We may also disclose this information if required or permitted to do so by law; for fraud protection and credit risk reduction purposes, or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to protect and defend the rights or property of Manna Pro or the users of the Websites; to act under urgent circumstances to protect the safety of Manna Pro, its employees, or members of the public; and to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, subpoena, or legal process.
Sale or Acquisition of Assets.  If we become involved in a transaction involving the sale of our assets (such as a merger or acquisition), or if any of the Websites are transferred to another company, we may disclose Personal Information and Usage Information to the other entity or entities involved. If we are not the surviving entity in that transaction, the surviving entity may use and disclose Personal Information and/or Usage Information pursuant to its own privacy policies and practices, which may differ from this Privacy Policy.
No Sale of Personal Information
We do not rent, sell, or lend mailing lists, telephone numbers, or email addresses to third parties outside Manna Pro. However, as described in D.2 above, we may disclose such information to third parties in connection with offering or providing you with coupons, new product announcements, press releases, exclusive offers, and giveaways/sweepstakes.
Security of Personal Information
No information transmitted over or accessible through the Internet is or can be absolutely secure. While we will implement reasonable and appropriate safeguards to protect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of Personal Information and Usage Information, we do not guarantee or warrant that it will be completely secure from misappropriation or misuse, or from a security event affecting computer hardware, software, or networks. We will notify you of known or suspected security incidents and/or privacy breaches involving your Personal Information as required by applicable law. By providing an email address to us, the user agrees to receive any such notice electronically.
Other Provisions
California Privacy Rights. Under California law, California consumers have the right to request that businesses tell them how their personal information has been shared, if at all, with third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes.  In addition, California consumers may submit verifiable requests for certain information concerning the categories and specific pieces of personal information collected about them, the categories of sources from which that information is collected, the business purposes for collecting or selling the information, and the categories of third parties with which the information is shared.  Furthermore, California consumers may “opt-out” or say “no” to sale of their personal information without being discriminated against for exercising that right.  California consumers may also make verifiable requests for deletion of certain of their personal information.  The foregoing rights are subject to certain exemptions and limitations under California law.  To make any such requests, please contact us at the contact information listed in Section H below.
Do Not Track.  Certain web browsers and other devices used to access the Websites may permit the user to indicate a preference not to be "tracked" on line. At this time, the Websites do not respond to "Do Not Track" signals.
Children Under 16.  The Websites are not intended for Use by children under the age of 16.  We do not knowingly collect any Personal Information from children under the age of 16 through the Websites. If you are aware of a child under the age of 16 using any of the Websites, please alert us at the contact information listed below.
Third Party Links.  The Websites may contain links to websites not affiliated with Manna Pro. Use of an external website or any informational content found on an external website is subject to and governed by the terms and guidelines of that website. Manna Pro does not endorse or make any representations or warranties concerning, and will not in any way be liable for, any informational content, products, services, software, or other materials available on an external website, even if one or more pages of the external website are framed within a page of any of the Websites. Manna Pro is not responsible for the privacy practices of any external website. We encourage you to review the privacy statements of all external party websites you visit.
Updates to this Privacy Policy.   We may periodically revise the Privacy Policy in our sole and absolute discretion to reflect changes in our business practices. If we revise the Privacy Policy, we will notify users by posting the updated Privacy Policy on the Websites. Changes to the Privacy Policy will become effective and will apply to the information collected starting on the date we post the revised Privacy Policy on the Websites. Continued use of any of the Websites after any change has become effective will constitute acceptance of any change.
Governing Law. This Privacy Policy is governed by the laws of the State of Missouri, notwithstanding the choice of law provisions of the venue where any action is brought, where the violation occurred, where the user may be located, or any other jurisdiction.
Comments and Questions.  If you have a comment or question about the Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
Manna Pro Products
Attention: Digital Marketing Manager
707 Spirit 40 Park Drive
Suite 150
Chesterfield, MO 63005
mannapro@mannopro.com
1-800-690-9908
Vet's Best Moments
© 2020 VET'S BEST. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.