http://victorallen.com/pages/privacy-policy
Newsletter
Your email
Sign Up & Save 10%
Sign Up & Save 10%
Shop All Coffee
All CoffeeBagged
CoffeeCappuccinoCocoaFlavoredOrganicRoast - LightRoast - MediumRoast - DarkSingle OriginVariety PacksBlack StagGirl Scouts® Hostess®Margaritaville CoffeeLimited Time OfferOverstockDecaf CoffeePumpkin SpiceBlack StagGirl Scouts®Margaritaville CoffeeHostess®OverstockAbout / Contact
About UsContactFAQsBlogDiscountsCoffee for Business and Office UseSubscriptionReviews
Our Privacy Policy
Last Updated: June 29, 2020
PLEASE READ THIS "PRIVACY POLICY" CAREFULLY BEFORE ACCESSING OR USING THE SITE, THE SOLUTION OR ANY SERVICE AS MADE AVAILABLE.
It is the policy of Trilliant Food & Nutrition, LLC (“Trilliant”) to respect the privacy of its online visitors. The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to tell you how we collect, store, use, and share information about you when you visit or use online services offered by Trilliant or its affiliates that link to or reference this Privacy Policy. By accessing or using our sites, you are consenting to our collection, storage, use, and sharing of information about you as set forth in this Privacy Policy.
What Types of Information Does Trilliant Collect and How Does Trilliant Use this Information?
We collect non-personal information about online visitors in order to improve your online experience.
To optimize your user experience and enhance your time spent with us online, we collect information about your visits to our sites, including, but not limited to, your IP address, Internet service provider, browser type, operating system, mobile network, device identifiers, advertising identifiers, general location information, pages accessed on our sites, the date and time of access, the content and advertisements you have accessed, seen, forwarded and/or clicked, and the last site you visited before you came to our site. We also use this information to help us improve our products, services, content and advertising, and for loss prevention and anti-fraud purposes.
We collect personally identifiable information you voluntarily provide to us.
Trilliant collects personally identifiable information, including your name, address, the name of the company for which you work, your title, your phone number, your country, and your e-mail address when you voluntarily submit this information to us. We may also use this information, unless you request otherwise, to keep you updated about Trilliant’s latest product announcements, and upcoming events. We also use personal information to help us improve our products, services, content and advertising, and for loss prevention and anti-fraud purposes.
We may also share your personally identifiable information as follows:
At times Trilliant may make certain personal information available to strategic partners that work with Trilliant to provide products and services, or that help Trilliant market to customers. For example, our third party service providers may include companies who provide services such as web site hosting and support, customer service, email and postal delivery of marketing materials, auditing, and other similar services. Personal information will only be shared by Trilliant to provide or improve our products, services and advertising; it will not be shared with third parties for their marketing purposes;
With a third party in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings); or
As we believe to be necessary or appropriate: (a) under applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence; (b) to comply with legal process; (c) to respond to requests from public and government authorities including public and government authorities outside your country of residence; (d) to enforce our terms and conditions; (e) to protect our operations; (f) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and that of you or others; and (g) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
We use cookies to help determine which ads are shown to you on other web sites and to improve the operation of our websites.
“Cookies” are small files that some websites place on your computer. We use cookies to help determine which of our ads are shown to you on other web sites. We also work with third-party companies that use their tracking technologies (including cookies and pixel tags) on our sites in order to provide tailored advertisements to you on our behalf. These companies may collect information about your activity on our sites and your interaction with our advertising and other communications and use this information to determine which ads you see on third-party web sites and applications.
For more information about this and to understand your options including how to opt out of receiving these tailored advertisements, you may visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s website http://www.networkadvertising.org or the Digital Advertising Alliance’s website http://www.aboutads.info/choices. You also can control advertising cookies from Google, by using its Ads Preference Manager.
Please note that even if you opt out (clean your cookies, cache, etc.), these tracking technologies may still collect data and you will still see our ads, but they will not be targeted based upon the information collected through our tracking technology criteria.
USE AND DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION
The information Trilliant  collects is used as follows: (a) to internally improve the content of our Website; (b) notify our visitors of updates; (c) respond to visitor inquiries; (d) process requests for information, notify you of products, special offers and other information about Trilliant and our affiliates and partners that may be of interest to you; (e) for statistical purposes for improving the Website or our products and services; (f) to maintain the Website; and (g) for security purposes. We may also use the information we collect from and about you as otherwise described to you at the point of data collection.
Except as otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy, we do not sell or rent your personally identifiable information collected on the Website to others. Trilliant may disclose personally identifiable information as follows: (a) to our subsidiaries and affiliates; (b) to our third party service providers, vendors, and consultants providing services on our behalf to the extent necessary in order to provide services on our behalf, for example, parties that support our Website; (c) to enhance your experience on our Website; (d) if we believe that there has been a violation of our Terms and Conditions, any of our intellectual property or other rights of any third party; (e) in order to respond to a subpoena, court order or other such request; (f) in response to a law enforcement agency’s request or as otherwise required by law; and (g) as otherwise described to you at the point of collection.
If the ownership of all or substantially all of our business changes or we otherwise transfer assets relating to our business or the Website to a third party, such as by merger, acquisition, bankruptcy proceeding or otherwise, we may transfer or sell your personal information to the new owner. In such a case, unless permitted otherwise by applicable law, your information would remain subject to the promises made in this Privacy Policy, unless you agree differently.
Third-Party Web SitesWe use personally identifiable information for our marketing and internal business purposes only. Such information will not be sold to third parties. However, our sites may contain “hyperlinks” to websites neither owned nor controlled by us, and those third-party web sites may collect and use personally identifiable information about you for other purposes. The information practices of third-party web sites are not covered by this Privacy Policy. Trilliant makes no representations or endorsements with respect to the privacy practices of third-party web sites.
CHILDREN
Trilliant does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. Children are not permitted to use the Website or services, and Trilliant Food and Nutrition requests that children under the age of 13 not submit any personal information to the Website. If we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under the age of 13, we will promptly delete that information. If you believe that we have collected personal information from a child under the age of 13, please contact us at SupportDesk@victorallen.com.
HOW YOU CAN CORRECT OR REMOVE INFORMATION
If you have submitted personal information through the Website or interactive advertisement, and would like that information deleted from our records or would like to update or correct that information, please contact us at SupportDesk@victorallen.com and provide us with your name and postal address. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to make corrections or remove your name and address from future mailings.
SecurityWe seek to use reasonable organizational, technical and administrative measures to protect Personal Information within our organization. Unfortunately, no data transmission or storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure (for example, if you feel that the security of any account you might have with us has been compromised), please immediately notify us of the problem by sending an e-mail to us at SupportDesk@victorallen.com.
How You Can Review, Change, or Delete Your Personal InformationIf you would like to review, change, or delete personally identifiable information about you that you previously provided to us, or if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please email us at SupportDesk@victorallen.com. We will try to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable.
MODIFICATIONS OF THE PRIVACY POLICY
Trilliant reserves the right to modify its Privacy Policy at any time and will notify you by posting an amendment to the Privacy Policy on the Website. Any such modifications will become effective on the day they are posted. Trilliant Food and Nutrition encourages you to frequently review the Privacy Policy for any modifications.