http://viennawoodworks.com/vienna-woodworks-terms-and-conditions
Home
Rustic Doors
Rustic Vanities
Barnwood Vanities
Weathered Gray Vanities
Antique Vanities
Rustic Wood Vanities
Adirondack Vanities
Cottage Vanities
Log Vanities
Medicine Cabinets
Toilet Cabinets
Linen Cabinets
Rustic Bathroom Towel Racks
Rustic Bathroom Mirrors
Rustic Vanity Catalog
Rustic Bathroom Vanities
WOOD SAMPLES
Whiskey Barrel Sink Vanities
Whiskey Barrel Furniture
BarnWood Furniture
Barn Wood Bathroom
Rustic Wood Living Room Furniture
Reclaimed Barnwood Doors
Barn wood Dining Tables
Barnwood Dining Chairs
Barnwood Beds
Barnwood Bunk Beds
Barn wood Nightstands ~ End Tables
Barnwood Dressers
Reclaimed Wood Bar Furniture
Barn Wood Buffet Tables
Reclaimed Wood Benches
Reclaimed Wood Office Furniture
Barnwood Kitchen Islands
Barn Wood Kitchen Cabinets
Farm Tables from Reclaimed Wood
Product Catalog
Log Furniture
Log Toddler Beds & Log Cribs
Log Furniture Catalog
Adirondack Furniture
Hickory Log Chairs
Birch Bark Furniture
Log Living Room Furniture
Log Couches
Log Coffee Tables
Log Living Room Chairs
Log Beds
Log Dressers
Shop Log Nightstands
Cedar Log Futons
Log Dining Tables
Cedar Log Dining Chairs
Log Benches
Log End Tables
Log TV Stands
Log Office Furniture
Hickory Log Furniture
Rustic Kitchen
Custom Rustic Kitchen Cabinets
Rustic Kitchen Ideas
A Weathered Gray Barnwood Kitchen
Brown and Gray Barnwood Kitchen Cabinets
Reclaimed Barnwood Kitchen Cabinets
A Rustic Cedar Kitchen
A Rustic Hickory Kitchen
White Hickory Kitchen Cabinets
Transitional White Kitchen Cabinets
Rustic Kitchen Cabinets
Reclaimed Barnwood Kitchen Cabinets
Reclaimed Oak Kitchen Stand
Reclaimed wood Kitchen Islands
By Room
Rustic Baby Furniture
Bathroom
Bedroom
Rustic Kitchen
Dining Room
Living Room
Bar Room
Office
Front Porch
Outdoor
Catalog
WOOD SAMPLES
Rustic Accessories
Mirrors
Farmhouse Tables
Mantles
Rustic Doors
Rustic Staircases
Rustic Blanket Chests
Rustic Rocking Chairs
Rustic Sinks and Drains
Rustic Faucets
Seating
Occasional Tables
Twig and Willow Products
Storage Cabinets
Dressers and Casegoods
Rustic Railings
Shelves
Beds
Tables
Stools
Rustic Bars
Rustic Desks
Hardware
Rustic Cabinet Pulls
Rustic Cabinet Knobs
Rustic Bedding
Bedspreads/Blankets
Rustic Curtains
About
Contact info
Social Media & News
Factory Shop Tour
Our Rustic Furniture
Our Products On television shows
Shipping Information
Projects
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Testimonials Page
Rustic Furniture from Authentic barnwood and Logs
Rustic Restaurant Furniture
Rustic Bathroom Vanities Info
Reclaimed Wood Bed Info
Rustic Baby Furniture Info
Barn Wood Furniture Info
Log Furniture Info
Rustic Furniture Links
Vanity Quote Request Form
Our Log Blog
Search
About us
Contact info
Social Media & News
Factory Shop Tour
Our Rustic Furniture
Our Products On television shows
Shipping Information
Projects
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Testimonials Page
Rustic Furniture from Authentic barnwood and Logs
Rustic Restaurant Furniture
Rustic Bathroom Vanities Info
Reclaimed Wood Bed Info
Rustic Baby Furniture Info
Barn Wood Furniture Info
Log Furniture Info
Rustic Furniture Links
Vanity Quote Request Form
Our Log Blog
TERMS AND CONDITIONSTURN AROUND TIMEPlease note - OUR FURNITURE IS MADE TO ORDER. Delivery times are approximately 6-10 weeks from the time that you place an order. This is meant as a guideline, and can vary depending on the size of the order and the specific items that are ordered. We will do everything that we can to get your furniture sent to you as quickly as possible. At times, the wait for an order may be much shorter than 6-10 weeks and occasionally we go a bit longer than our guidelines. We are unable to accommodate orders with deadlines. If you ask us if we can have an order done by a specific date, we will attempt to accommodate you but we can not guarantee that we will have the order done on a specific date. Our furniture is all hand made and is made from solid wood one piece at a time. Because it is made to order, once the order is placed, your order is put into our order file, or, in a sense, you are getting in line behind the rest of the orders that are in the file at that time. Once your order is placed, please feel free to call us and ask the status, however we often don't have a status available for a few weeks after the order date. When your furniture is ready to be shipped, our shipping company will notify you so that you can make arrangements to be available for the delivery. More about our furniturePrices are subject to change without notice.
If we discover a pricing error on our website we are not obligated to honor that price and we will provide the option for the customer to either pay the correct price, or we will issue a refund to them for the erroneous price.  We reserve the right to cancel any order at any time and in these cases, all payments received will be promptly refunded in full.
The items on our website catalog are representative of our furniture, however, each piece is custom made and will vary slightly from the samples pictured due to the natural characteristics of the logs.Our Rustic Log Furniture is made with northern white cedar. Northern white cedar is very strong despite its characteristic checking and cracking. This is part of the rustic look, and is not a defect in your piece of furniture. Despite some cracking in the logs, they remain extremely sturdy.There is a slight color variation in northern white cedar. Northern white cedar also has knots, and other natural markings made from beetles or other insects made during the time the log was a tree in the forest. We use mortise and tenon construction, which is an age old method and still the strongest furniture joint possible.
Glue is applied to ensure that the furniture joint will be sturdy and durable.
We hand peel and buff all of our logs to bring out the natural color of the wood. For those who want a truly rustic look, we leave the knots in place as they occur naturally on the logs. Our Reclaimed Barnwood Furniture is made from authentic 75-100 year old barnwood.
There is a color variations in all barnwood. The barnwood has knots, character and saw marks in the wood.
The wood may will also have marks from dismantling the barn.
Nail holes and cracks will be visible and will not affect the structure and durability of the product, that is what gives the piece of furniture it character and uniqueness of one of a kind furniture.
Furniture can be ordered finished or unfinished. On finished pieces, we use a catalyzed lacquer clear coat. This brings out the natural grain and color of the wood and logs, and provides a smooth surface on table tops.VANITY TOPS are finished with either standard clear catalyzed lacquer or liquid glass, which repels water. We will not provide any warranty on vanity tops that are finished with the standard finish. For items finished with liquid glass, the one year limited warranty applies. For any questions, please email us at info@viennawoodworks.comOur logs are dried for approximately two years. All dimensional wood used is kiln dried.All table top surfaces are sanded smooth.We use top of the line drawer slides on our drawers.Please feel free to call or e-mail us with any questions prior to placing an order.Payment PolicyStandard furniture is shipped within 6 to 10 weeks after payment is made. You can elect to pay half down with balance charged at the time of shipping or payent in full. By authorizing us to charge your credit card over the phone you are authorizing these charges. If paying by personal CHECK, we must wait 7 - 10 business days for your check to clear. Once your check has cleared, delivery will be 6 - 10 weeks or 8 - 12 weeks (For custom orders) from the date the check clears our bank.Custom furniture is made to order. Please allow 8 to 12 weeks for custom pieces. If paying by personal CHECK, we must wait 7 - 10 business days for your check to clear. Once your check has cleared, delivery will be 8 to 12 weeks from the date the check clears our bank.WE CAN NOT MAKE EXCEPTIONS TO THIS. Please note that our turn around time is a guideline. We require payment in full at the time of order, or a 50% deposit on custom orders, per our approval.All items shipped within the state of Minnesota are taxable.You may cancel your order if you do so within 3 business days.PLEASE ALLOW 6-10 WEEKS FROM THE DATE OF THE ORDER for standard furniture and 8-12 WEEKS FROM THE DATE OF THE ORDER OF ALL CUSTOM FURNITURE. If paying by PERSONAL CHECK, please adjust the delivery dates to accomodate for the 7-10 BUSINESS DAYS that it takes for your check to clear our bank.WarrantyOur furniture has a 1 year limited warranty against manufacturer defects. We will replace or repair defective furniture, based on our discretion. Please contact us regarding manufacturer defects if you have further questions. Characteristics of the logs, wood, barnwood (knots, some roughness, color variation, cracks, for example) are not considered manufacturer defects, as they are normal to rustic style furniture. We make every attempt to construct our furniture to be durable. We understand that despite our best efforts, occasionally a defect will occur, and we will guarantee you resolution should this occur.In order to obtain warranty service, please provide your receipt.  Kits are not covered under warranty.Defects caused by modification, alteration or repair by the consumer are not covered under warranty. On items that are to be partially assembled by the consumer, Vienna Woodworks will not be responsible for damage caused to furniture parts by the consumer.Cancelling an OrderOrder cancellations made after 3 days from the date of order are permitted at our discretion only. If an order is approved for cancellation a 5% restocking fee may be charged. However we will attempt to waive this when ever possible.If you need to make a change to an order, we will charge a 10% fee if the order has already been started. Again, we will attempt to waive this fee when ever possible.Your order and payment is viewed as a contract – a commitment to placing an order for furniture. This will be non-refundable should you decide to cancel the order after 3 business days. If we have not yet started your order, we will waive the contract if possible, and we will promptly refund your money to you. However we can not guarantee this. All payments will be promptly refunded if cancellation is within the 3 business days. Also, a 6-10 week turn around time is customary for made to order furniture and is standard to this industry. Many companies are 12-16 weeks for made to order furniture! When ordering furniture from us, you are agreeing to our terms and conditions and our turn around time. If an item is delayed or back ordered, please understand that this is customary in any industry. Although we work hard to avoid delays and back orders, they do occasionally happen. If we are unable to fulfill your order in a reasonable amount of time, we will notify you and we will come to a mutual agreement regarding how to best resolve the situation. It is reasonable and customary for made to order furniture to take an average of 6-10 weeks or longer.Return PoliciesAll sales are final. Returns will not be accepted except on a case by case basis. If a return is approved, you will be responsible for paying the shipping both to and from your address. You will also pay a 15% restocking fee for an approved return.RETURNING A PRODUCTAny returned product REGARDLESS OF THE REASON FOR THE RETURN, MUST BE PROPERLY PACKAGED.We can discuss with you in detail how this can be done. IF A RETURNED PRODUST(s) IS RECEIVED DAMAGED BECAUSE OF IMPROPER PACKING, YOU WILL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR THE DAMAGE AND WILL BE ACCESSED CHARGES. WE AND THE SHIPPING COMPANY WILL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR DAMAGE IN THIS CASE. We expect our customers to use reasonable care and consideration in regard to returns. Each case is different, so please know that we will work with you to find a solution in your particular situation. The returned product(s) must be in the same condition they were received in when delivered to the customer when we receive them back or you will be charged a fee for damages up to the full price of the furniture, depending on its condition when we receive it back. Regardless of the reason for the return, we will enforce this requirement. If damage occurs that is not the fault of the customer, and if the damage is due to the shipping carrier, we will file a claim with them and you will not be responsible for the damaged product in this case as long as damage is photographed in the original packaging and we are informed within 48 hours of delivery.The easiest way to pack a product is to use the original pallet and packing materiel that the product arrived in when you received it. The best way to ensure everything goes smoothly is to contact us directly. We would be more than willing to discuss any concerns about packing returns with you in detail. You can email us at info@viennawoodworks.com or call 888-625-7570. We appreciate your cooperation and although returns are very rare in the 12 years we have been doing business, we have had a handful of them. This is because customer satisfaction is our number 1 priority!We will do everything possible to ensure that you are happy with your purchase. PLEASE work with us to resolve any issues, we are very willing to ensure that you are happy with your order. If we don't know about an issue, we can't do anything to fix it unless we hear from you. Emailing us is the best way to contact us regarding these matters. info@viennawoodworks.com. We value you as a customer, and want you to be satisfied with your order and with our service. Please feel free to e-mail or call us so that we can take every possible measure to provide you with exactly what you are looking for! We will attempt to be as fair and accommodating as possible.