http://view2.fdu.edu/university-offices/office-of-the-general-counsel/legal-issues/
Home
About
University Leadership and Offices
Office of the General Counsel
Legal Issues Regarding FDU Website
Navigation
Up to Office of the General Counsel
Legal Issues Regarding FDU Website
Accessibility
Legal Issues Regarding FDU Website
Reasonable efforts are taken to ensure the accuracy and integrity of information and related materials provided by Fairleigh Dickinson University (“University”) on World Wide Web sites within any domain owned by the University (“Web Sites”), but the University is not responsible for misprints, out-of-date information, technical inaccuracies, typographical or other errors appearing on these Web Sites, or any other Web site containing information about the University. Information and related materials are subject to change without notice. These Web Sites and all information and related materials it contains are provided “as is”. By using these Web Sites, you assume the risk that the information and materials on these Web Sites may be incomplete, inaccurate, out of date, or may not meet your needs and requirements.
Web sites include view2.fdu.edu, fduknights.com, fdudevils.com, globaleducation.edu, fduinfo.com, fillfdu.wix.com/fill, writingfdu.org, theliteraryreview.org and all subdomains within the Top Level Domain fdu.edu, or any of the other preceding domains.
Subject to Change
The University reserves the right to change, without prior notice, the contents of its Web Sites, including any posted bulletins, academic calendars, programs of instruction, academic and disciplinary requirements, policies and procedures, rules and regulations, tuition, fees and charges, and the terms of financial aid. Changes shall be effective upon publication or as otherwise determined by the University, Such changes may apply to current and/or prospective students and current or prospective employees.
The University reserves the right to photograph members of the University community, including but not limited to, its students, guests, employees and contractors, in situations appropriate to the image of an academic institution, and to publish likenesses in University publications, videos or other recruitment or promotional materials. However, the University will, to the extent feasible, honor written requests received from community members who do not wish their images published.
Acceptable Use
The Web Sites are included among the computing and electronic communications resources of Fairleigh Dickinson University, which support the instructional, research, and administrative activities of the University. Users of these facilities are bound by the University’s Acceptable Use Policy for Computer Usage. That policy applies to all users of computing and electronic communications resources, and computing equipment owned, leased or rented by Fairleigh Dickinson University. This includes all students, faculty, visiting faculty, staff, guests, and external individuals or organizations. Computing equipment includes, but is not limited to, mobile phones, tablets, terminals and computers, whether public machines located in labs or machines assigned for individual use, file servers, and networking equipment used to link these components together and to the Internet.
Fairleigh Dickinson University is not responsible for the content of any material the user prepares, receives or transmits. Thus, as a condition of using the University’s computer system, the user represents that his/her use is in compliance with all federal, state and international copyright and other intellectual property laws and agreements and other federal and state laws, nor in his/her use of the system will the user violate any federal or state civil or criminal laws. Furthermore, the user will indemnify, exonerate and save the University (and its representatives) harmless from any claim, damage or cost related to the user’s use, including any legal fees the University decides it is necessary to incur to defend itself.
Security Practices
Individuals using the Web Sites should be aware of the University’s security practices, and their rights to privacy while using the University’s website.
During normal browsing of Web Sites certain information may be collected. Some information is automatically collected such as your browser information and other system identification information that is stored in website cookies. While these cookies help us personalize the experience while using our website, they are not required and may be disabled. Other information is collected for tracking, troubleshooting, and statistical purposes.
We also collect information you may have submitted through a form such as your name, e-mail, phone number, or other personal data. Certain forms on our website use SSL to provide encryption and protection for the data you submit. Check your browser for the HTTPS and/or lock icon to confirm your data is being protected.
Important Documents
For Students: E.U. Data Privacy Notice
For Employees: E.U. Data Privacy Notice
Fairleigh Dickinson University, a private, non-profit United States university also operating in the province of British Columbia, Canada, is committed to protecting the confidentiality of the personal information of its students and employees by ensuring compliance with British Columbia’s Personal Information Protection Act (PIPA). The University collects, uses and maintains personal information from students and employees, at both its Vancouver Campus and its U.S. campuses in New Jersey, in a manner that is consistent with PIPA guidelines.
For further information about the University’s privacy policy, please contact the University’s privacy officer at privacyofficer@fdu.edu.
Individuals using the Web Sites should be aware of the University’s security practices, and their rights to privacy while using the University’s website.
Fairleigh Dickinson University reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to make changes in these Terms of Use at any time without notice. Your continued use of the Web Sites after any such changes signifies your acceptance of the Terms of Use as revised.
Copyright © 1997-2018 Fairleigh Dickinson University and its licensors, except certain images and text copyright of members of the University community –  staff, faculty and students – used with permission. All rights reserved.