https://virtuousteas.com/index.php?main_page=privacy
Log-In
Home
Honey and Sugar
Tea Master's Choice
Supplies
ABOUT
Contact Us
Berkey Water Filter
Tea Master's Choice
Yellow Tea
Black Tea
Green Tea
White Tea
Oolong Tea
Flowering Teas
Herbal Tea
Iced Tea
Seasonal Specials
Decaffeinated
Earl Grey
Jasmine
Organic
Single Estate
Smoky
Sponsors
About Virtuous Teas
Shipping & Returns
Privacy Notice
Conditions of Use
Contact Us
Site Map
Newsletter Unsubscribe
BOX_HEADING_BLANK_SIDEBOX
Privacy Notice
PRIVACY POLICY OUR PLEDGE TO OUR CUSTOMERS
Virtuous Teas, Inc. does not sell, rent, loan, share or transfer any personal information provided by customers to any unrelated third parties. Virtuous Teas, Inc. will use the personal information which it collects for internal purposes only, and to determine how to improve this web site (this "site") by seeing which areas, features, and products are most popular. Virtuous Teas, Inc. may also use personal information collected to contact visitors and customers who directly communicate with VirtuousTeas.com. We consider the following to be personal information : name, address, telephone number, facsimile number, e-mail address and credit card information.
OUR USE OF COOKIES
Like many web site, this site uses cookies. Cookies are small strings of data placed on users computer hard drives during the exchange of data that occurs when your browser points to our web site Cookies enable a web site to identify a users browser as a previous visitor by means of unique strings of number assigned to previous visits. Our cookies assist us in collecting information on what pages of this site you access or visit, and assist us to make your experience on this site more personalized and convenient. Our cookies cannot and do not retrieve any other data on this site, a cookie identifies only your browser (and not your identity). Cookies can also be used to help save and retrieve passwords used on this site and to save information on past purchases and other preferences. As a result, you will not need to re-enter information upon every new visit to this site.
QUESTIONS AND COMMENTS
If you have any additional questions of any kind, or if you see anything on this site that you think inappropriate, please let us know or contact us at : Virtuous Teas, Inc. 425 Lexington Street, Newton, MA 02466 (617) 928-0577.
Home
Copyright © 2020Virtuous Teas     Site by Webs
To Go
SSL Certificate Provider