https://visionsgallery.com/privacy-policy-disclaimers-disclosures/
Privacy Policy for Visions Gallery
At Visions Gallery the privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance.
Log Files
Like many other Web sites, Visions Gallery makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider ( ISP ), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement around the site, and gather demographic information.
IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
Cookies and Web Beacons
Visions Gallery does not use cookies.
We do not use third party vendors or purchase online advertising. All information displayed on https://visionsgallery.com is original and unique to the site, created by the owner of the site for the purpose of informing our visitors and as such is the designed for the sole use of our visitors.
We do not collect information except as needed to complete a purchase. That information is collected by PayPal, Inc. as our credit card processor. No information collected in any purchase transaction is collected for any purpose other than completing the transaction. As such none of your information will every be sold to any third party vendor.
Visions Gallery is a secure site, secured by internet safety certificate as indicated by the designation of https://visionsgallery.com.
Disclosures
All stained glass contains a certain proportion of lead. In many cases, lead came is used to accomplish the design. Lead is a toxin when handled or ingested.
One should always wash hands thoroughly with soap and warm water after handling lead.
The nature of the art designed, created, and sold on this site deems that it not to be handled excessively as it is generally used for display purposes as custom art. With proper hand washing following handling or hanging any piece of stained glass art there should be no negative side effects.
As a matter of safety, children should not be allowed to handle the glass or any component of the construction as broken glass, should a piece become broken, can be sharp and pierce the skin and cause bodily harm.
By nature of the product itself, any and every stained glass work of art should be handled carefully by an adult to prevent breakage and/or injury.
Disclaimer
By purchasing a product of art from Visions Gallery, the buyer holds harmless the gallery, the owner, and any associates or employees of Visions Gallery should breakage occur and cause bodily injury or should lead toxins be ingested into a body.