https://vossenbio.com/privacy-cookie-policy/
Privacy & Cookies Policy
Last updated: 25/05/2018
Vossen & Co S.A./N.V. operates www.vossenbio.com. This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal information we receive from users of the site. By using our site, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
Information Collection
While using our site, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personal, identifiable information may include, but is not limited to your name.
Use of Cookies
Cookies are small text files which are saved on the user’s computer when a website is visited.
A distinction is made between permanent and temporary cookies on the one hand, and direct and indirect cookies on the other. Cookies are permanent when they remain on the user’s computer, even after the browser has closed; temporary cookies disappear as soon as the user closes the browser. Direct cookies are sent by the website itself; indirect cookies originate from third parties.
Which cookies do we use and why?
Vossen & Co uses cookies for both functional and analytical purposes. These cookies are used only to improve the user experience for visitors to our website. Vossen & Co does not gather any personal details via cookies.
Functional cookies
The functional cookies (permanent and direct) on www.vossenbio.com register the preferences entered by the visitor (e.g. choice of language) and recognise the visitor when he visits the website again. The advantage of functional cookies is that the visitor is not required to indicate his preferences every time, so the website is easier to use. You can remove these functional cookies by means of the browser settings. See how to do this below.
Cookies for analytical purposes
This website also uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”) for statistical purposes. Google Analytics itself uses cookies (temporary, permanent and direct) to analyse how visitors use Vossen & Co website. The information generated by the cookies concerning your use of the Vossen & Co website (including your IP address, time of visit to the site, the type of browser that you use, the pages you consult and the files you download) is transferred to and archived by Google on servers in the United States. Google uses this information to create reports on the website activity for Vossen & Co. Google may not supply this information to third parties unless there is a legal obligation to do so. Google will not combine your IP address with other data at its disposal. By using the Vossen & Co website, you consent to the processing of the information by Google in the manner and for the purposes as described above.
Google complies with the Safe Harbor principles and subscribes to the Safe Harbor programme operated by the U.S. Department of Commerce.
In the event that you do not wish data on your website visit to be forwarded to Google Analytics, you can download and install the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on.
You will find further information on privacy in Google Analytics here.
Removing and disabling cookies
Most internet browsers are set to accept cookies automatically. However, you can remove existing cookies and reject new cookies via the browser settings on your computer. The way of doing this varies from one browser to another. If necessary, consult the Help function of your browser or visit this website for more information. On http://www.youronlinechoices.com you can choose which companies may or may not track your online behaviour.
If you remove or reject these cookies, you may not be able to make full use of the possibilities provided by www.vossenbio.com.
Security
The security of your personal information is important to us but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of 25/05/2018 and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page. We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time. Your continued use of our website after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgement of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.
If we make any changes to this privacy policy, we will notify you either through the email address you have provided us, or by placing a prominent notice on our website.
Contact us
If you have any questions about this Privacy & Cookies Policy, please contact us at contact@vossenbio.com.
Cookies
This website uses cookies to enhance your experience on our website. By using this website you agree to our cookie & privacy policy.AcceptRead more