http://warstore.co.za/terms-conditions/
Terms & Conditions - Warstore
SIGN IN YOUR ACCOUNT TO HAVE ACCESS TO DIFFERENT FEATURES
USERNAME
PASSWORD
Remember Me
FORGOT YOUR PASSWORD?
FORGOT YOUR DETAILS?
USERNAME OR EMAIL
AAH, WAIT, I REMEMBER NOW!
LOGIN
MY CART
No products in cart.
Home
Shop
My Account
Cart
Checkout
Contact Us
Search Products
Account
Login to Account
Register for Account
Product Categories
South African Wars
– Angola
– Boer Wars (1890 to 1902)
– Border Wars (1960 to 1990)
– Korean War
– Mercenary Actions
– Modern RSA Militaria
– Mozambique
– Other African Countries
– Police
– Political
– Rhodesia
– RSA Homelands
– South West Africa Wars
– Zulu Wars 1880 to 1890
World Wars
– WWI (1914 to 1918)
– Inter-War-Years
– WWII (1939 to 1945)
Terms & ConditionsThe War Store (www.warstore.co.za) provides the The War Store Free Web site including the The War Store Home Page and other The War Store content (collectively, the “The War Store Site”) subject to your compliance with the terms and conditions below. PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE ACCESSING THE THE WAR STORE SITE. BY ACCESSING THE THE WAR STORE (WWW.WARSTORE.CO.ZA) SITE, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS BELOW. IF YOU DO NOT WISH TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, YOU MAY NOT ACCESS OR USE THE THE WAR STORE (WWW.WARSTORE.CO.ZA) SITE.
Rules
While visiting the The War Store  Site, you may also not: post, transmit or otherwise distribute information constituting or encouraging conduct that would constitute a criminal offense or give rise to civil liability, or otherwise use the The War Store Site in a manner which is contrary to law or would serve to restrict or inhibit any other user from using or enjoying the The War Store Site or the Internet; post or transmit any information or software which contains a virus, cancelbot, trojan horse, worm or other harmful or disruptive component; upload, post, publish, transmit, reproduce, or distribute in any way, information, software or other material obtained through the The War Store  Site which is protected by copyright, or other intellectual property right, or derivative works with respect hereto, without obtaining permission of the copyright owner or rightholder.
Monitoring
The War Store has no obligation to monitor the The War Store Site. However, you agree that The War Store has the right to monitor the The War Store Site electronically from time to time and to disclose any information as necessary to satisfy any law, regulation or other governmental request, to operate the The War Store Site properly, or to protect itself or its subscribers. The War Store will not intentionally monitor or disclose any private electronic-mail message unless required by law. The War Store reserves the right to refuse to post or to remove any information or materials, in whole or in part, that, in its sole discretion, are unacceptable, undesirable, or in violation of this Agreement.
Privacy
The War Store cannot ensure or guarantee privacy for The War Store users. It is therefore recommended that this service not be used for the transmission of confidential information. Any such use shall be at the sole risk of the user, and The War Store and its affiliate and related companies shall be relieved of all liability in connection therewith.
Buying over the Internet
When making purchases or other transactions through the The War Store  Site or the Internet, but you may also be asked by the Merchant or information or service provider to supply certain information, Including credit card or other payment mechanisms. You agree that all information you provide any merchant or information or service provider through the The War Store  Site will be accurate and complete. You agree to pay all charges incurred by you Or other users of your account and credit card or other payment mechanisms at the prices in effect when such charges are incurred. You also will be responsible for paying all applicable taxes, if any, relating to purchases on the The War Store  Site. The War Store  is in no way responsible for any charges you or any user of your account incurs when making purchases or other transactions in this manner.
Limitation of Liability
The War Store  takes no responsibility for the accuracy or validity of any claims or statements contained in the documents and related graphics on the The War Store  Site. Further, The War Store  makes no representations about the suitability of any of the information contained in software programs, documents and related graphics on the The War Store Site for any purpose. All such software programs, documents and related graphics are provided without warranty of any kind. In no event shall The War Store be liable for any damages whatsoever, including special, indirect or consequential damages, arising out of or in connection with the use or performance of information available from the service.
Recourse
If you are dissatisfied with the The War Store Site or with any terms, conditions, rules, policies, guidelines, or practices of The War Store in operating the The War Store Site, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using the The War Store Site.
Confidential Information
You authorize The War Store to collect from any party and to retain all relevant information relating to your use of the The War Store Site, and you hereby authorize any party to provide us with such information. You understand and agree that unless you notify The War Store  to the contrary by e-mailing us, you further authorize The War Store to disclose, on a confidential basis, to any party with whom The War Store has business relations all
Indemnity
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold The War Store  and its affiliate and related companies harmless from any and all liabilities, costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, related to any Violation of this Agreement by you or users of your account, or in connection with the use of the The War Store Site or the Internet or the placement or transmission of any message, information, software or other materials on the The War Store Site or on the Internet by you or users of your account.
Miscellaneous
This Agreement, including any and all documents referenced herein, constitute the entire agreement between The War Store and you pertaining to the subject matter hereof. The War Store failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of this Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of any provisions or right. If any of the provisions contained in this Agreement be determined to be void, invalid or otherwise unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, such determination shall not affect the remaining provisions contained herein. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Republic of South Africa applicable therein.
© 2017. All rights reserved.
Home |
Shop |
Account |
Cart |
Contact |
Sitemap |
Terms and Conditions |
Privacy Policy |
Marketed by Polokwane Info |
Hosted by Keyinfo
TOP