http://warstore.co.za/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy - Warstore
SIGN IN YOUR ACCOUNT TO HAVE ACCESS TO DIFFERENT FEATURES
USERNAME
PASSWORD
Remember Me
FORGOT YOUR PASSWORD?
FORGOT YOUR DETAILS?
USERNAME OR EMAIL
AAH, WAIT, I REMEMBER NOW!
LOGIN
MY CART
No products in cart.
Home
Shop
My Account
Cart
Checkout
Contact Us
Search Products
Account
Login to Account
Register for Account
Product Categories
South African Wars
– Angola
– Boer Wars (1890 to 1902)
– Border Wars (1960 to 1990)
– Korean War
– Mercenary Actions
– Modern RSA Militaria
– Mozambique
– Other African Countries
– Police
– Political
– Rhodesia
– RSA Homelands
– South West Africa Wars
– Zulu Wars 1880 to 1890
World Wars
– WWI (1914 to 1918)
– Inter-War-Years
– WWII (1939 to 1945)
Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy for www.warstore.co.za
Thank you for visiting our web site. This privacy policy tells you how we use personal information collected at this site. Please read this privacy policy before using the site or submitting any personal information. By using the site, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy. You are encouraged to review the privacy policy whenever you visit the site to make sure that you understand how any personal information you provide will be used. Note: the privacy practices set forth in this privacy policy are for this web site only. If you link to other web sites, please review the privacy policies posted at those sites.
If you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us by email at info@warstore.co.za.
At www.warstore.co.za, the privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance to us.
Log Files
Like many other Web sites, www.warstore.co.za makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider ( ISP ), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
Cookie/Tracking Technology
The site uses cookies and tracking technology called Google Analytics. Cookies and Google Analytics tracking technology are useful for gathering information such as browser type and operating system, tracking the number of visitors to the site, and understanding how visitors use the Site. Cookies also help customize the site for visitors. Personal information cannot be collected via cookies, however, if you previously provided personally identifiable information, cookies may be tied to such information. Aggregate cookie and tracking information may be shared with Google Analytics to provide us with site management statistics. Distribution of Information We may share information with governmental agencies or other companies assisting us in fraud prevention or investigation. We may do so when: (1) permitted or required by law; or, (2) trying to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud or unauthorized transactions; or, (3) investigating fraud which has already taken place. We will not share your data with any other company outside of these limitations.
DoubleClick DART Cookie
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on www.warstore.co.za.
Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to users based on their visit to www.warstore.co.za and other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the advertising opt-out page. (Alternatively, you can direct users to opt out of a third-party vendor’s use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.)
Some of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our site.
These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to the advertisements and links that appear on www.warstore.co.za send directly to your browsers. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies ( such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons ) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and / or to personalize the advertising content that you see.
www.warstore.co.za has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. www.warstore.co.za’s privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites.
If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers’ respective websites.
© 2017. All rights reserved.
Home |
Shop |
Account |
Cart |
Contact |
Sitemap |
Terms and Conditions |
Privacy Policy |
Marketed by Polokwane Info |
Hosted by Keyinfo
TOP