https://waterontheweb.com/privacy-policy/
arrow-right
arrow-left
chevron-down
close
basket
account
search
wishlist
star
spinner
check-mark
grid
list
lock
plus
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Water on the Web collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of the www.waterontheweb.com website ("Site"). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Water on the Web.
Personal identification informationWe may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, place an order, fill out a form, respond to a survey, subscribe to the newsletter and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number, and credit card information (when placing an order).
Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously.
We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification informationWe may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookiesOur Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected informationWater on the Web collects and uses Users personal information for the following purposes:
To improve customer service.
Your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
To improve our Site.
We continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
To process transactions and orders Users place on our Site.
We may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
To send periodic emails, such as order updates and shipping updates.
The email address Users provide for order processing will only be used to send them information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, and/or other requests or questions. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include an unsubscribe link at the bottom of each email.
How we protect your informationWe adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and its Users happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures. Our Site is also in compliance with PCI vulnerability standards in order to create as secure of an environment as possible for Users.
We never store User credit card information. Any credit card information is processed solely by secure PCI compliant third-party payment gateways, and is not stored on or by our Site.
Sharing your personal informationWe do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above. We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission.
Changes to this privacy policyWater on the Web has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, revise the updated date at the bottom of this page,. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these termsBy using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy and terms of service. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting usIf you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, our practices, or your business with us, please contact us at:
Water on the Web
www.waterontheweb.com
310-730-5079
customerservice@waterontheweb.com
Whole House Water Filters
All Whole House Water Filters
CWL Series Whole Home Filtration
EWS Series Whole Home Filtration & Conditioning
Drinking Water Systems
All Drinking Water Systems
"Plug & Play" Sink Water Filters for All Faucets
Reverse Osmosis Systems
Under Counter Water Filters
Specialty Filters
All Specialty Filters
Heater Guard
Specialty Size Filtration
Well Water
Whole Home - Cartridge Filtration
Salt Softeners
Filter Replacements
All Filter Replacements
EWS & CWL Whole Home
All EWS & CWL Whole Home
Assembly Required Replacement Kits- CWL Series
Assembly Required Replacement Kits- EWS Series
Fully Assembled Complete Tank Kits- CWL Series
Fully Assembled Complete Tank Kits- EWS Series
Well Water Systems
All Well Water Systems
Iron/Manganese/Hydrogen Sulfide Removal Systems
pH Down
pH Increase
ESSENTIAL Drinking Water Systems
ESSENTIAL Reverse Osmosis Systems
Heater Guard
Reverse Osmosis Systems (Pre-2012)
Undercounter & Countertop Sink Units (Pre-2012)
Parts
All Parts
Sink Unit (Point of Use) Replacement Parts
All Sink Unit (Point of Use) Replacement Parts
Faucets & Faucet Parts
Filter Housing Wrench
Fittings & Connectors
Housings
Pressure Limiting Valve
Reverse Osmosis Parts
Transformers
Tubing
Whole Home (POE) Replacement Parts
All Whole Home (POE) Replacement Parts
All 1" High Flow Brass Body Valve Parts
TS12 Parts-Touch Screen Units
All 11/2" Brass Body Valve Parts
All Post-2003 Digital 1" Valve Parts
All Pre-2003 & Pre-1997 Non-Digital Valves
BB & Heater Guard Parts
Riser & ICN Manifolds
7000 Valve Parts
Timer Motors
Transformers
Salt Softener Parts