http://water-imp.com/privacy
Privacy Policy
How we treat your personal information
We take your privacy very seriously and this notice is to let you know what we do with your data, and why we hold it.
The law on data protection sets out a number of different reasons why a company may collect and process your data.
We need your personal data to comply with our contractual obligations such as if you place an order, we need your address details to be able to deliver your order to you. We also need your details to be able to contact you in the event of a product recall situation.
We can collect and process your data with your consent, e.g. if you tick a box to receive our email newsletter.
When you place an order we will keep your details for 10 years to allow for the 5-year guarantee and a further 5 years to enable us to manage any further returns/interactions as we know many of our customers have had their WaterImp product for 10 years+.
If you have signed up to receive any marketing or email information from us you can unsubscribe at any time and we will remove your details from our database.
We will only share your details with any third parties for very limited purposes:
For fraud management purposes we may share information about fraudulent or potentially fraudulent activities, including with law enforcement agencies.
With Google/Facebook to show you products that might interest you while you’re browsing the internet. This is based on either your marketing consent or your acceptance of cookies on our website. See our cookies policy for further details.
If you have any queries about the personal information we hold about you, wish to correct it, or have it removed, you can contact us at any time to ask us to do this free of charge.
We hold the details you give us to process your order – your name, address, and email address. If you contact us to complain or raise a query we will also hold the details of that in order to ensure we give you the best possible service. If you provide a review or testimonial we will also keep those details unless you have specifically requested that they are kept anonymous.
Water Improvements Ltd is the data controller and the data processor. Your data is processed in the UK only.
Cookie Policy
Any cookies that may be used by this website are used either solely on a per session basis or to maintain user preferences. Cookies are not shared with any third parties.
Cookies are used by almost all websites, for a variety of purposes:
Analysis of visitor behaviour (known as ‘analytics’).
To personalise pages and remember visitor preferences.
To manage shopping carts in online stores.
To track people across websites and deliver targeted advertising.
We may amend this policy from time to time. If we make any substantial changes in the way we use your personal information we will notify you by posting a prominent announcement on our pages. You agree that such posting will constitute sufficient and adequate notice to you of the changes. You agree that your continued use of our products or services after such amendment will constitute your acceptance of and agreement to be bound by the modified policy.
It’s a happy birthday to us and a big saving for you!
The benefits of using the alternative to water softeners
Welcome to WaterImp – the home of electronic water conditioners!
We fitted our WaterImp a month ago and we are seeing a BIG difference already. We live in a seriously hard water area and it is amazing not to have to scrub the limescale off the sink.
“Greetings from Austria! Can’t remember how long ago we bought our unit, but it’s still in use!”
November 2019
July 2019
February 2017
Benefits
News
Our WaterImps
Log in
Entries feed
Comments feed
WordPress.org
1. Choose the right WaterImp for your home
2. Fit it quickly & easily yourself
3. Say goodbye to your hard water problems and save money!
What our customers saySimply amazing“We wanted to update you on the two water conditioners. They are doing a fantastic job. They were installed around the second week in December and we didn’t tell anyone. The family noticed the change within the first week!…. Simply amazing and simple.”BTS, USStill going strong!“Greetings from Austria! Can’t remember how long ago we bought our unit, but it’s still in use!”Roy, AustriaI would highly recommend“I have had my water imp now for about three weeks and from the first day it has worked great. My hand soap now suds as well. In a few short words I would recommend highly.”GL, Cathedral City, USRunning for over 20 years“Over 20 years ago my mother bought a Water Imp for herself and for me. Over the years I had reason to ring for advice which always resulted in my Imp continuing to work. Sadly today my Imp has passed away and has to be replaced by another one, I would like to say that in this throwaway world we live in that I consider this to be pretty amazing, and of course, would recommend the product.“SA, Wendover, UK
HomeHow it WorksInstallationShopCart