http://we-sell-it.co.uk/privacy.html
Home
Contact
Trade
Barazza
Bertazzoni
Best
Blanco
Bosch
Britannia
Elica
F.Paykel
Franke
Gaggenau
Insinkerator
Liebherr
Miele
Neff
Quooker
Siemens
Smeg
Sub-Zero
Westin
Wolf
020 8455 3925
Online since 1997, in shop since 1967.
Serving the UK with appliances for over 50 years
Privacy policy
Although this site has always had a policy to NEVER pass on email addresses to 3rd parties and never to bother our customers by email unless asked or required to, we are now required by the EU to officially inform you of this. Irrelevant of what is required, we will simply not bother you with publicity stunts and pointless offers that sound far better than they actually are. We hope our quest to always achieve the best price combined with our unique approach to customer service is enough for you to remember us by without adding to the other rubbish that seems to fill our inboxes every day (yes, we suffer from it to). If you would like to hear from us just drop us a line and we'll be only glad to help find the best appliances to suit your needs and budgets as well as advise you of any current offers
Who is collecting your data ?
Woodall Refrigeration Ltd, 1053 Finchley Road, London NW11 7ES
What is the legal basis for processing the data ?
If you make an enquiry we will use your details in order to respond to it. Should you then proceed to purchase your details will be used to raise an invoice
Will the data be shared with any third parties?
With our professional advisors in order to comply with any legal requirements (auditors, lawyers etc). We may also be required to share details of your purchase with manufacturers in order to validate warranty claims but this would usually be at your request
How will the information be used?
Only to answer your enquiry or acknowledge your purchase. We do mail out genuine offers as and when they are open to us but these only go to our trade customers
How long will the data be stored for?
We do not delete past customers from our database unless requested to
What rights does the data subject have?
Feel free to contact us at any time and we will let you know all information we hold about you on our system.