https://wellingtonauctions.com/privacy-policy
Shopping Cart Overview
Create Account
Sign In
GBP
GBP
GBP
Home
Categories
Back
November 2020 Auction
Back
View all November 2020 AuctionPre World War 1World War 1Post World War One until PresentAuction Lots Only - Medal barsAuction Lots Only - ForeignAuction Lots Only - Miniatures and Militaria
Retail Stock
Back
View all Retail StockBadges and Rank InsigniaRetail - Third ReichSingle Campaign MedalsCampaign GroupsBritish Meritorious and Long Service MedalsGallantry Medals and GroupsForeign Medals
AuctionsLatest StockBuy Now Sell to usContact usMy Account
Email: mail@wellingtonauctions.com
Phone: 07789 995 782
GBP
GBP
GBP
Privacy Policy
Introduction
We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website visitors and service users. This policy applies where we are acting as a data controller with respect to the personal data of our website visitors and service users; in other words, where we determine the purposes and means of the processing of that personal data.
We use cookies on our website. If any of these cookies are not strictly necessary for the provision of our website and services, we will ask you to consent to their use when you first visit our website.
In this policy, "we", "us" and "our" refer to Wellington Auctions.
How we use your personal data
In this Section we have set out:
(a) the general categories of personal data that we may process;
(b) the purposes for which we may process personal data; and
(c) the legal bases of the processing.
We may process data about your use of our website and services ("usage data"). The usage data may include your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views and website navigation paths, as well as information about the timing, frequency and pattern of your service use.
The source of the usage data is Google Analytics. This usage data may be processed for the purposes of analysing the use of the website and services. The legal basis for this processing is legitimate interest, namely monitoring and improving our website and services, to improve and adjust as needed for an exceptional customer experience.
We may process your account data ("account data"). The account data may include your name, address and email address. The source of the account data is the Account Sign-up form. The account data may be processed for the purposes of operating our website, providing our services, ensuring the security of our website and services, maintaining back-ups of our databases and communicating with you. The legal basis for this processing is contract namely, the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract.
We may process information contained in any enquiry you submit to us regarding goods and/or services ("enquiry data"). The enquiry data may be processed for the purposes of answering your query. The legal basis for this processing is consent.
We may process information relating to transactions, including purchases of goods and services, that you enter into with us and/or through our website ("transaction data"). The transaction data may include your contact details, your card details and the transaction details. The transaction data may be processed for the purpose of supplying the purchased goods and services and keeping proper records of those transactions. The legal basis for this processing is the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract and our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business.
We may process information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our email notifications and/or newsletters ("notification data"). The notification data may be processed for the purposes of sending you the relevant notifications and/or newsletters. The legal basis for this processing is consent.
We may process any of your personal data identified in this policy where necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the protection and assertion of our legal rights, your legal rights and the legal rights of others.
In addition to the specific purposes for which we may process your personal data set out in this Section, we may also process any of your personal data where such processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
Providing your personal data to others
We may disclose your personal data to:
Delivery companies; In order for you to receive your goods, we work with a number of delivery partners. We only pass limited information to them in order to ensure delivery of your items.
IT Companies; Our store is built with and hosted on https://pushcommerce.com. They provide us with the online e-commerce platform that allows us to sell our products and services to you. Your data is stored through PushCommerce’s data storage, databases and the general PushCommerce application. They store your data on a secure server behind a firewall. Their Privacy policy can be found here.
Marketing Companies; We work with marketing companies who help us manage our electronic communications with you or carry out surveys and product reviews on our behalf.
Financial transactions relating to our website and services are handled by our payment services providers, Stripe and PayPal. We will share transaction data with our payment services providers only to the extent necessary for the purposes of processing your payments, refunding such payments and dealing with complaints and queries relating to such payments and refunds. You can find information about the payment services providers' privacy policies and practices here Stripe and PayPal.
In addition to the specific disclosures of personal data set out in this Section, we may disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person. We may also disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.
Retaining and deleting personal data
This Section sets out our data retention policies and procedure, which are designed to help ensure that we comply with our legal obligations in relation to the retention and deletion of personal data.
Personal data that we process for any purpose or purposes shall not be kept for longer than is necessary for that purpose or those purposes.
We will retain your personal data as follows:
Personal and Transaction details will be retained for a minimum period
of thirty (30) days up to a maximum period of seven (7) years following account creation.
Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Section, we may retain your personal data where such retention is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
Amendments
We may update this policy from time to time by publishing a new version on our website. You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes to this policy.
We may notify you of significant changes to this policy by email.
Your rights
In this Section, we have summarised the rights that you have under data protection law. Some of the rights are complex, and not all of the details have been included in our summaries. Accordingly, you should read the relevant laws and guidance from the regulatory authorities for a full explanation of these rights.
Your principal rights under data protection law are the right to: access, rectification, erasure, restrict processing, object to processing, data portability, complain to a supervisory authority, and the right to withdraw consent.
Access
You have the right to confirm whether or not we process your personal data and, where we do, have access to the personal data. Providing the rights and freedoms of others are not affected, we will supply to you a copy of your personal data. The first copy will be provided free of charge, but additional copies may be subject to a reasonable fee. If you have an account with us, you can access your personal data by logging in.
Rectification
You have the right to have any inaccurate personal data about you rectified and, taking into account the purposes of the processing, to have any incomplete personal data about you completed.
Erasure
In some circumstances you have the right to the erasure of your personal data without undue delay. However, there are exclusions of the right to erasure. The general exclusions include where processing is necessary: for exercising the right of freedom of expression and information; for compliance with a legal obligation; or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
Restrict Use
In some circumstances you have the right to restrict the processing of your personal data. Those circumstances are: you contest the accuracy of the personal data; we no longer need the personal data for the purposes of our processing, but you require personal data for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims. Where processing has been restricted on this basis, we may continue to store your personal data. However, we will only otherwise process it: with your consent; for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims; for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person; or for reasons of important public interest.
Objection
You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data on grounds relating to your particular situation. If you make such an objection, we will cease to process the personal information unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms, or the processing is for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes (including profiling for direct marketing purposes). If you make such an objection, we will cease to process your personal data for this purpose.
You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for scientific or historical research purposes or statistical purposes on grounds relating to your particular situation, unless the processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out for reasons of public interest.
Portability
To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal data is:
consent; orthat the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are party or in order to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract,
And such processing is carried out by automated means, you have the right to receive your personal data from us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. However, this right does not apply where it would adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.
Complaint
If you consider that our processing of your personal information infringes data protection laws, you have a legal right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority responsible for data protection. You may do so in the EU member state of your habitual residence, your place of work or the place of the alleged infringement.
Withdraw Consent
To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal information is consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. Withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of processing before the withdrawal.
You may exercise your rights in relation to your personal data by any means, however, we would request it by written notice or by emailing us.
About cookies
A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.
Cookies may be either "persistent" cookies or "session" cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.
Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.
Cookies that we use
We use cookies for the following purposes:
authentication - we use cookies to identify you when you visit our website and as you navigate our website;status - we use cookies to help us to determine if you are logged into our website;personalisation - we use cookies to store information about your preferences and to personalise the website for you;security - we use cookies as an element of the security measures used to protect user accounts, including preventing fraudulent use of login credentials, and to protect our website and services generally;analysis - we use cookies to help us to analyse the use and performance of our website and services; andcookie consent - we use cookies to store your preferences in relation to the use of cookies more generally.
Cookies used by our service providers
Our service providers use cookies and those cookies may be stored on your computer when you visit our website.
We use Google Analytics to analyse the use of our website. Google Analytics gathers information about website use by means of cookies. The information gathered relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of our website. Google's privacy policy is available at: Google.
We publish Google AdSense interest-based advertisements on our website. These are tailored by Google to reflect your interests. To determine your interests, Google will track your behaviour on our website and on other websites across the web using cookies. This behaviour tracking allows Google to tailor the advertisements that you see on other websites to reflect your interests. You can view, delete or add interest categories associated with your browser by visiting: Ad Settings. You can also opt out of the AdSense partner network cookie using those settings or using the Network Advertising Initiative's multi-cookie opt-out mechanism at: Opt-Out.
Note these opt-out mechanisms themselves use cookies, and if you clear the cookies from your browser your opt-out will not be maintained. To ensure that an opt-out is maintained in respect of a particular browser, you may wish to consider using the Google browser plug-ins available at: Google Support.
Managing cookies
Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies and to delete cookies. The methods for doing so vary from browser to browser, and from version to version. You can however obtain up-to-date information about blocking and deleting cookies.
Blocking all cookies will have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites. If you block cookies, you will not be able to use all the features on our website.
Our details
This website is owned and operated by Wellington Auctions.
We are registered in England and Wales under registration number, and our registered office is at 37 Rookery Lane, Great Totham, Maldon, Essex. CM9 8DF, UK
Our principal place of business is at 37 Rookery Lane, Great Totham, Maldon, Essex. CM9 8DF, UK
You can contact us:
(a) by post, to the postal address given above;
(b) using our website contact form;
(c) by telephone, on the contact number published on our website; or
(d) by email, using the email address published on our website from time to time.
11 06:52:19