https://welovepool.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy – We Love Pool
Skip to content
We Love Pool
Collectible and Custom Pool CuesHome
Pool Cues
Cue Cases
Classifieds
Privacy Policy
Contact
Cart
Search for:
Home >
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Your PrivacyYour privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
Google Adsense and the DoubleClick DART CookieGoogle, as a third party advertisement vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on this site. The use of DART cookies by Google enables them to serve adverts to visitors that are based on their visits to this website as well as other sites on the internet.
To opt out of the DART cookies you may visit the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following url http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html Tracking of users through the DART cookie mechanisms are subject to Google’s own privacy policies.
Other Third Party ad servers or ad networks may also use cookies to track users activities on this website to measure advertisement effectiveness and other reasons that will be provided in their own privacy policies, We Love Pool has no access or control over these cookies that may be used by third party advertisers.
Collection of Personal InformationWhen visiting We Love Pool, the IP address used to access the site will be logged along with the dates and times of access. This information is purely used to analyze trends, administer the site, track users movement and gather broad demographic information for internal use. Most importantly, any recorded IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Links to third party WebsitesWe have included links on this site for your use and reference. We are not responsible for the privacy policies on these websites. You should be aware that the privacy policies of these sites may differ from our own.
Changes to this Privacy StatementThe contents of this statement may be altered at any time, at our discretion.
If you have any questions regarding the privacy policy of We Love Pool then you may contact us at sales@welovepool.com
This privacy policy was generated by the Easy Privacy Policy plugin for WordPress.
Last updated Sat, 26 Jun 2010 23:21
Comments are closed.
Primary Sidebar
Search for:
CartProduct categoriesPool Cues
Collectible Pool Cues
5280 Pool Cues
Action Pool Cues
APA Pool Cues
Athena Pool Cues
Balabushka Pool Cues
Blade Pool Cues
Brunswick Pool Cues
Corsair Pool Cues
Cuetec Pool Cues
Custom Pool Cue Makers
Eight Ball Mafia Pool Cues
Elite Pool Cues
Fury Pool Cues
Griffin Pool Cues
Harley Davidson Pool Cues
Jacoby Pool Cues
Joss Pool Cues
Katana Pool Cues
McDermott Pool Cues
Meucci Pool Cues
Molinari Pool Cues
Mezz Pool Cues
Outlaw Pool Cues
Pechauer Pool Cues
Poison Pool Cues
Predator Pool Cues
Sampaio Pool Cues
Schon Pool Cues
Scorpion Pool Cues
Spartan Pool Cues
Summit Pool Cues
Viking Pool Cues
VooDoo Pool Cues
Pool Cue Accessories
Pool Cue Cases
Predator Cases
5280 Cases
Action Cases
APA Cases
Athena Cases
Eight Ball Mafia Cases
Elite Cases
Griffin Cases
Katana Cases
Outlaw Cases
Scorpion Cases
VooDoo Cases
Pool Table Accessories
Billiard Balls
Pool Table Cloth
Pool Table Lights
Subscribe to our Newsletter
Subscribe
* indicates required
Email Address *
First Name
Last Name
Birthday
/
( mm / dd )
Email Format
html
text
Pool Sites
Archives
January 2019
October 2016
September 2016
August 2016
March 2015
September 2013
March 2013
August 2012
July 2012
May 2012
We Love Pool
Collectible and Custom Pool Cues
Ignite WordPress Theme by Compete Themes.
Do NOT follow this link or you will be banned from the site!