https://wemoon.com.au/privacy/
PRIVACY POLICY
We strive to offer you the many advantages of Internet technology and to provide you an interactive and personalised experience. We may use Personally Identifiable Information (your name, email address, street address, telephone number) subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
We will never rent, trade or sell, your email address to anyone for any reason whatsoever.
We know that your privacy and personal information is important to you, so that means your privacy is important to us as well. That’s why we have created this policy for your protection and security. Please read it carefully.
We only ask for personal information that we require.
We’ll tell you what information we have recorded about you.
If you would like any personal information about you changed or deleted, just ask.
Who We Are
This website is operated by Wemoon Pty Ltd.
Our postal address is PO Box 9 Kingston 4114. Australia.
You can reach us via e-mail at: admin@wemoon.com.au
We are an established business with physical premises and our contact details are shown on this Web site. Only our authorised personnel have access to your data.
How We Gather Information about Visitors to Our Websites
How we collect and store information depends on the page you are visiting, the activities in which you choose to participate and the services provided. For example, you may be asked to provide information when you register for access to certain sections of our websites or request certain features such as magazines, special reports, e-books or when you make a purchase. You may provide information when you participate in sweepstakes and contests, message boards and chat rooms, and other interactive areas of our site.
We can only identify you personally if you give us this information voluntarily. Like most websites, our web servers automatically record some general information about your visit, but do not recognise or record any Personally Identifiable Information about you. The information we record and use for statistical purposes is:
Your server address
The date and time
The pages accessed and documents downloaded
The previous site visited
The type of browser used
Cookies and Session Tracking
Whenever you visit a website anywhere, your browser sends information identifying basic information about the nature of your operating system and the browser you are using. We use cookies and session variables to track the popularity of each page on our site and to understand the overall direction of traffic. We do not analyse or record your individual choices. By understanding the general viewing trends of our visitors, we can design our web pages to make your viewing experience simpler and more user-friendly. Learning how you found us helps us understand what you were looking for on the internet and assists us in tailoring our site for your best viewing experience. To read our full Cookie Policy click here
Your Email Address
We do not know your email address unless you give it to us. We only record your email address if you send us a message, either directly or by registering it on our site. We use it internally within our organisation, and do not sell or rent it to other parties.
When you register with us as a customer, we ask for your email address and information about you. The Personally Identifiable Information you supply is never, ever publicly displayed on our website.
From time to time we email our customers with news, information and offers relating to our own products and services or those of selected partners. These mailings are always conducted by ourselves and never directly by a third party to ensure the security of your information.
How We Use This Information
We use your information to improve our website content and to ensure that our products and services are tailored to your current and future needs. This information also allows us to let you know about special offers and new products.
Personally Identifiable Information collected by Wemoon P/L and its associates may be used (but not limited to) for site administration, troubleshooting, processing of e-commerce transactions, and other communications with you.
Who Has Access To Your Information?
Your Personally Identifiable Information is used internally and by people or organisations that need to know it as part of working with us in our normal business activities (e.g. sub-contractors, technical support).
We may need to supply your Personally Identifiable Information to other parties who work with us to provide a product or service to you.
We may disclose your Personally Identifiable Information in response to a court order, or at times when we believe we are reasonably required to do so by law, in connection with the collection of amounts you may owe to us, and/or to law enforcement authorities whenever we deem it appropriate or necessary. Please note that we may not provide you with notice prior to disclosure in such cases.
Notice of Disclosure of Your Credit Information to a Credit Reporting Agency
We may give information about you to a credit reporting agency, for the following purposes:
to obtain a consumer credit report about you, and/or
to allow the credit reporting agency to create or maintain a credit information file containing information about you in relation to payments which are overdue by more than 60 days, and for which debt collection action has started.
Future Variations
Wemoon P/L reserves the right to change this policy at any time. If you are concerned about how your information is used, please check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of this website following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes.
Corrections
If you would like any personal information about you changed or deleted, just send an email to and well make the necessary changes as soon as possible. If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, please contact us at the above address or phone number.
Links to Other Sites
Where this site contains links to other sites, we do not accept responsibility for the privacy practices or the content of such other sites.
We encourage other suitable websites to include a link back to this site provided you DO NOT use any trademarks or copyright information without permission and that you do not link to this site from a site or in a manner which disparages Wemoon P/L or its management, employees, agents or suppliers. If you would like to arrange a link, please contact admin@wemoon.com.au
Security
While we make every effort to keep your information private and away from hackers, it is not possible for us to guarantee your privacy. Please weigh up the risk that your details will be misused by hackers with the benefit of receiving the great information that this site has to offer.
Liability Disclaimer
We will use all reasonable endeavours to protect and keep your personal information confidential. If any of your personal information is accessed by a third party, whether through our negligence or otherwise, to the extent permitted by law, we disclaim any and all liability to any person or organisation for loss, damage or costs.
If a dispute arises under this policy, which cannot be resolved by negotiation in a reasonable time, the dispute will be submitted for arbitration in accordance with the rules of the Institute of Arbitrators, Australia in the following location: Brisbane, Australia. Each party shall be responsible for its own costs and fees other than legal fees associated with mediation.
This statement and the policies outlined herein are not intended to and do not create any contractual or other legal rights in or on behalf of any party.
All rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.
More Information
If you would like to know more about on-line privacy, visit The Australian Privacy Commissioner’s Web site
Social Links
Hot Item
Lucky Dip
AUD $36.00
Testimonials
I had very bad PMS, but since I have used your pads, it has incredibly disappeared. I am now really happy to welcome my period.
Hitomi K, Japan
16 000 pads, panty liners and tampons.
Just one estimate of how much STUFF a single woman goes through in her lifetime. Multiply
that by approximately 3 000 000 women. . .
Two years ago I resolved to become a Zero Waste household, inspired by other Australians
whose annual non-biodegradable waste equates to the volume of a small jar. Discovering
Wemoon products was the perfect fit for my desire for sustainable eco-friendly practice.
Not only do reusable pads, coupled with a menstrual cup, save money and time spent
shopping, but by supporting Wemoon you are supporting a local business (shop locally, think
globally).
Keep up the good work! Thank you!!
Jen H., Brisbane, Australia
Hi Wemoon, I have just come back to order some more of your wonderful pads after trying period underwear (as I’d been hearing so much about them!). I bought my original Wemoon pads many years ago and I must say period underwear didn’t really measure up to your great product in my opinion. The period underwear was more expensive, harder to clean (no soaking allowed – so what to do with them between wearing, rinsing and washing?)) took longer to dry and began to develop a musty smell (even when vinegar-ed and sunned for days) . Wemoon pads are the easiest and best – super easy soaking (with my Wemoon bag and jar) and laundering – they are lightweight and always feel fresh. I highly recommend y…
The Wemoon pads have changed the way I feel about the onset of my period. I now feel more a sense of welcome than negative resignation. The pads are of various colours and patterns, so I can choose to suit my mood. They are more comfortable to wear than disposable pads and don’t leak. The ritual of disposal also give this ‘period’ of the month an ending. I enjoy diluting the contents of the jar and giving my blood back to the earth; playing earth mother to my favourite plants and trees.”
Janet M. QLD Australia
I feel independent and empowered. I’m saving money. They’re soft and pretty and easy to clean.
Lianne Simons, Life Coach, Australia
Thank you for Wemoon pads! I have recommended them to all my girlfriends, and I’m definitely going to get some more. They don’t leak… EVER. It’s amazing and wonderful. Thank you also for making them in organic cotton. You’re doing such a great thing… helping women to make an environmentally friendly choice about how they manage their menstrual cycle. With many thanks from your 110% satisfied customer,
Taylor S, Australia
Just some feedback from a grateful customer. I am an older woman and have had issues with incontinence for quite some time. Since buying  Wemoon pads some months ago, I no longer have the rashes the disposable pads used to give me.
Thank you. Maureen H, Australia
Home
Shop
My Story
Why Switch
Saves you money
Environmental choice
Health benefits
Respecting our cycles
Choosing the right pad
FAQs
Wemoon for Incontinence
Testimonials
Women’s resources from Wemoon
Contact Us
Cart
My Account
Store Specials
Scroll To Top