http://wendellaugust.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Privacy Policy
This is the web site of Wendell August Forge.
Our corporate headquarters are located at 2074 Leesburg-Grove City Rd., Mercer, PA 16137 (tel: 1-724-748-9501).
At Wendell August, we are committed to ensuring the privacy of our customers and using this information responsibly.
When you visit our web site, we automatically recognize your Internet service provider, but you cannot be identified as an individual. The contact information we collect is used for internal purposes, such as confirming and tracking your order, catalog requests or registration, analyzing trends and statistics, etc.
From time to time, we may send you catalogs or emails to inform you of new products, services and special offers. If you prefer not to receive information from us, please let us know by calling us at 1-800-923-4438, writing to us at the above address, or by sending us an email at info@wendell.com. Please be sure to include your name, address, telephone number and email address, and specifically what information you do not wish to receive. If you would like to update or correct your email address, street address or other personal information with us, please contact us the same way. In addition, when you purchase from us online or through our catalogs, we may need to contact you via telephone, email or mail to address questions specific to your order, even if you have opted to not receive communications.
The personal information that you have given us, and information about your order may be shared with third parties. This information may be combined with other personally identifiable information (such as demographic information and past purchase history) available from our records and other sources. This information will be used to make our future marketing efforts more efficient. It may also be used by our marketing partners to bring you offers of interest. If you prefer that we do not share your name and address with marketing partners, please let us know by calling us at 1-800-923-4438, writing to us at the above address, or by sending us an email at info@wendell.com. Please be sure to include your name, address, telephone number and email address, and we will place you on our "do not share" list.
As you browse wendellaugust.com,advertising cookies will be placed on your computer so that we can understand what you are interested in. Our display advertising partner, AdRoll, then enables us to present you with retargeting advertising on other sites based on your previous interaction with wendellaugust.com. The techniques our partners employ do not collect personal information such as your name, email address, postal address, or telephone number. You can visit this page to opt out of AdRoll’s and their partners’ targeted advertising.
Our web site may contain links to web sites operated and maintained by third parties, over which we have no control. Privacy policies on such linked sites may be different from our privacy policy. You access such linked sites at your own risk. You should always read the privacy policy of a linked site before disclosing any personal information on such sites.
Google Analytics: This cookie allows us to see information on user website activities including, but not limited to page views, source, and time spent on our website. The information is depersonalized and is displayed as numbers, meaning it cannot be tracked back to individuals. This will help to protect your privacy. Using Google Analytics we can see what content is popular on our website, and strive to give you more of the things you enjoy reading and watching.
Google AdWords: Using Google AdWords code we are able to see which pages helped lead to sale. This allows us to make better use of our paid search budget.
Contact Our Call Center
Phone: 1.800.923.4438 Mon-Fri: 9:00am to 5:00pm EST Sat: 9:00am to 5:00pm EST Sun: 11:00am to 5:00pm EST Fax: 1.724.748.0182 E-mail info@wendell.com
×
Scroll to top