https://wep-sandbox2.mybigcommerce.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to main content
Home
Privacy Policy
Utah Cornhole, LLC Privacy Policies
Use by Utah Cornhole, LLC
When you order from www.allcornhole.com, we need your name, email address, shipping address and credit card number/expiration date (“Personally Identifiable Information”). We use this data to process your order, ship your order and to send you order and shipping confirmations via email. We may use your Personally Identifiable Information to provide you with requested information, services or content, to contact you in connection with a promotion, or for other purposes disclosed when you provide the information. We may also contact you from time to time on behalf of one of our affiliated companies or an external business partner with information that may be of interest to you. We may also contact you regarding any problems or questions we have relating to your use of our Website, or, in our discretion, notify you of changes to our Privacy Policy or other policy or terms that affect you and your use of our Website. We may also use information about our users, including Personally Identifiable Information, for internal purposes. PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION COLLECTED BY UTAH CORNHOLE, LLC IS, HOWEVER, NEVER SOLD TO A THIRD PARTY.. (However, we will cooperate fully should a situation arise where we are required by law or requested by a law enforcement agency to provide information about a customer.)
Credit Card Processing
We use PayPal to process credit card orders. We supply them with data for credit card authorization and fraud detection only and they are restricted from using the data for any other purposes. Your credit card number is NOT stored on our servers, databases, or on any other of our digital or physical assets.
Security Policy
We use Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption technology to protect your personal information.
As you browse allcornhole.com, advertising cookies will be placed on your computer so that we can understand what you are interested in. Our display advertising partner, AdRoll, then enables us to present you with retargeting advertising on other sites based on your previous interaction with allcornhole.com.
The techniques our partners employ do not collect personal information such as your name, email address, postal address or telephone number. You can visit this page to opt out of AdRoll and their partners’ targeted advertising.
Questions about our policies?If you have any questions regarding your privacy or any of our policies, please contact us by email by completing our contact form.
Close
×
OK