https://westerncanoekayak.com/terms-of-service/
Boats + Boards
Canoes
Kayaks
Hobie
Inflatables
SUP
WW Kayaks + Rafts
OneWheel
Paddling Essentials
Life Jackets + PFD
Skirts + Covers
Dry Storage
Helmets + Armour
Safety
Roof Racks + Storage
Carts
Paddles
Canoe Paddles
Packrafting
Kayak Paddles
SUP Paddles
Oars
Dragon Boat + OC
Paddle Accessories
Accessories
Fishing
Inflatable Accessories
Camping
Hobie P+A
Parts + Maintenance
Canine
Gifts
Apparel
Mens
Womens
Footwear
Gloves
Headwear
Sale
Boats + Boards
Paddles
Paddling Essentials
Accessories
Apparel
Home
»
Contact Us
»
Terms of Service
»
Terms of Service
Welcome to our online store
Things can change quickly with new products arriving weekly. Often there are even more items in our store than we have online. If you do not see what you are looking for on this website, call and talk to our knowledgeable staff about what you are looking for. We are sure that you will be happy with your buying experience. We can be reached at 1-866-644-8111.
Return, Cancellation and Exchange Policy
- Before returning, call our shipping department for a return authorization number at 1-866-644-8111, local # 604-853-9320
- All purchases (excluding sale items, special orders, and boats and boards that have been shipped) are returnable within 30 days.  Items ordered online cannot be exchanged, only refunded.
- Returns must include original packaging and receipt and cannot be returned used, dirty, not in the original packaging or without tags. Items must be in new condition.
- Inflatable kayaks are not eligible for return or exchange, except in the case of manufacturing defect approved by the manufacturer.
- Returned items must be shipped prepaid at your expense following the instructions provided by our shipping department. Items being returned from the US should be sent by US Postal Service, prepaid, by insured ground shipping. To avoid unnecessary delays, please write “Canadian Goods Returning” on the outside of the package.
- Due to credit card processing fees all returns and cancellations will be a 5% restocking fee. In addition, if the item was shipped to you via the “Free Shipping” option the total cost for shipping the item will not be refunded.
- Sale items are returnable for store credit or exchange only. Special order items, and all boats and boards that we ship via freight are a final sale, unless defective.
Warranties
We honor all manufacturers warranties. If you feel you have a warranty problem, call toll free 1 866 644-8111. All manufacturers require that you have your original receipt, so please have that in hand when you call. Any products being warrantied must be clean and dry when returned.
Privacy
We do not share your personal information with anybody. We do not send unsolicited bulk e-mail or postal mail. We do maintain a mailing list whose members expressly request to be on it. Want to know more? Check out our complete Privacy Policy here: WCK - Privacy Policy
Shipping
Upon placing an order, you will receive a copy of your order via e-mail. Orders will usually be shipped out within 48 hours not including weekends or holidays. If you wish to cancel your order please do so within a 20 hour time frame.
The "Free Shipping" option is limited to Accessory orders over $100 within Canada (some restrictions apply). Over-sized items, over-weight items,  Hobie accessories, and Hobie inflatables are not eligible for the "Free Shipping" option. Items shipped “Free Shipping” will go via the most affordable option available. If time is of the essence, please choose an alternate shipping option and mention your needs in the notes section of checkout. Most “Free Shipping” options will take approximately 7 to 10 business days to arrive.
Over-sized and over-weight items shipped using the "Fixed Rate" option will be shipped to the nearest terminal serviced by a major freight carrier for the listed fixed rate. Some restrictions apply for freight shipments to Northwest Territories, Nunavut, Newfoundland and Labrador, Nova Scotia, and PEI. If you require home delivery for your item(s) please contact us, an additional fee will apply for home delivery of over-sized items.
Shipping Restrictions
Shipping restrictions may apply to certain products and destinations. These restrictions include regional distribution agreements, hazardous or over-sized products, and complexity in exporting some items.
Back-Ordered Items
Occasionally our inventory can be incorrect. If we receive an order and the product is not currently in stock you will receive a phone call to notify you of our error. We sincerely apologize in advance if this should happen to you. We will then ask if you are willing to wait for the product to arrive or if you would just like to have the order cancelled and refunded. If you have confirmed that you are willing to wait we will go ahead and ship the product once it arrives in the store. If you would like to cancel a back-ordered product you must do so before the item is shipped to you.
Special Orders
We take great pride in offering many of the top brands for all aspects of paddling. If you do not see the product you are looking for on this site, please call or email the store as not all products are posted online. If you are looking for a product from a manufacturer that we deal with, we are more than happy to order it for you. Special order items may have additional freight costs to bring it in. We may have a similar item from another manufacturer that will meet your requirements. Call and let’s discuss.
All special order products must be paid in full at the time of order. Deposits are non-refundable once the item has been ordered by us. All special order items are non-returnable.
Payment and Pricing
At present we accept PayPal, Visa and MasterCard. We currently do not accept Visa or MasterCard gift cards. All pricing and payments are in Canadian dollars. Applicable provincial and federal taxes are applied when your order is processed according to where the item will be shipped. U.S. customers will notice exchange rate adjustments made by their banks using current exchange rates. Western Canoeing & Kayaking cannot tell you what your bank adjustment rates will be in U.S dollars.
*Western Canoeing and Kayaking reserves the right to make corrections to pricing and stock availability.
Taxes
Applicable taxes will be applied to your order based on the province or territory it is being shipped to.
Canadian taxes are not collected on orders shipped outside of Canada. However, orders shipped outside of Canada for non-North American made products may be subject to import duties, and brokerage fees, which are levied once the package reaches its destination. These fees are collected by the carrier or Brokerage Company. We are unable to give estimates for these fees. Please contact your local customs office for more information.
×
Close