https://wetakethecake.com/privacy/
Layer Cakes
Bundt Cakes
Cupcakes
Gluten Free or Vegan
Layer Cakes
Bundt Cakes
Cupcakes
Gluten Free & Vegan
Holidays and Occasions
Corporate Cakes
About Us
Privacy
Home
/
Privacy
Privacy
Many companies have glorified privacy policies that they start changing after you’ve done business with them. We prefer to be honest with you from the start, and say that the biggest asset of any business is the customer base. Any company that tells you differently is probably going to change the policy on you later.
So, our policy is to keep your information private and not to share it with others, apart from in accordance with standard direct mail and business sale practices. What does this mean to you? First, it means your order is kept private within our company. None of your personal data is kept on a computer that could be compromised. Next, it means we do rent and swap name lists with other direct marketing companies. Finally, it means that we may use your email address to send you notices about new items and special offers. You can opt out of information sharing at any time simply by emailing us at sales@wetakethecake.com, and we’ll remove you from shared lists.
Information
Information We Collect
All such data that we collect is processed and saved on our servers. You have the option not to provide information; however, withholding information may prevent you from being able to use some of our Website features. Whenever you visit our Website, we automatically collect some information about your transactions with us, and your use of our Website. For example, we automatically collect your IP address, for We Take The Cake internal use only, such as to help us diagnose problems with our Website. We also automatically track certain information about your activities on our Website such as the type of web browser you are using and click stream data.
If you choose to provide us with Personal Information, such as by sending us an email or by filling out a form with your Personal Information and submitting it to us through our Website, we collect the Personal Information that you provide to us. In addition, we collect your order information and purchase and payment history.
Use & Disclosure of Information
We use the information that we collect about you to maintain, improve, and administer our website, operate our business, provide products and services that you request, administer your account, inform you about products and services that might be of interest to you, and personalize your online experience. In order to carry out certain business functions, such as order fulfillment and email broadcasts, we sometimes hire other companies to perform services on our behalf. We may disclose Personal Information that we collect about you to these companies to enable them to perform these services, but they are required to safeguard the Personal Information and are not authorized to use it for any other purpose than completing their contractual requirements to We Take The Cake.
Links to Third Party Products & Services
While you are visiting or using the website, you may be presented with an opportunity to purchase third party products or services. These products and services are offered and supplied by independent companies not owned or operated by We Take The Cake. If you click on one of the presented offers, you will be redirected to the site of the third party, and any information you provide in response to the offer will be collected and used by the third party and not by We Take The Cake. Information you provide to the third party and any dealings you have with the third party will be governed by the privacy and other policies of that third party.
How to Manage Your Account
Communications from We Take The Cake
If you do not want to receive communications from We Take The Cake about products and services that may be of interest to you, simply indicate this preference by unsubscribing to communications you wish not to receive. If you wish to change your preference after you have registered, you can do so by logging into My Account, selecting Account Update, and updating your preference. You may also request to be added to our Do-Not-Email list by unsubscribing in the bottom of our emails. Even if you choose to be placed on one of these lists, we may still communicate with you using any of these methods regarding your use of our website, your orders or your account.
Updating Account information
If you wish to change your name, email address, password, communication, and/or opt-in preferences after you have registered, you can access your account by logging into My Account. You may also request these changes by contacting sales@wetakethecake.com or writing to: We Take The Cake.
Deactivation of Your Account
You may also request deactivation of your We Take The Cake account by contacting Customer Service at sales@wetaketheckase.com and requesting account deactivation. Please note that some information may remain in our archived records after your account has been deactivated.
Website Security
We maintain reasonable physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards designed to help us protect your nonpublic Personal Information against loss, misuse, disclosure and alteration. For example, we use Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology to encrypt your credit card information when you purchase products through our website. When you establish an account at We Take The Cake, you choose a password to help protect your account information. You may change the password as often as you wish by going to “My Account” and updating your password.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy was last modified on April 20, 2011. We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time.
Feedback is welcomed!
Thank you for taking the time to read our privacy policy, we appreciate your business and look forward to serving you lots of gourmet cakes!
Please call us at 1-888-901-2253 or send us a quick email at sales@wetakethecake.com and you’ll hear back from us in less than 24 business hours.
Search our store