https://whitman.com/terms-of-use/
Close
Contact Us
Whitman Publishing
1-800-546-2995
4001 Helton Drive, Building A
Florence, Alabama 35630
Information
FAQ
History
Safe Shopping
Shipping
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About us
About Whitman Publishing
Whitman Publishing is the leading producer of numismatic reference books, supplies, and products to display and store coins and paper money. Our high-quality books educate readers in the rich, colorful history of American and world coinage, paper currency, tokens, and medals, and teach how to build great collections. Archival-quality Whitman folders, albums, cases, and other holders assist in keeping collectibles safe and allow them to be shown off to friends and family. Whitman is also the home of H.E. Harris postage stamp collecting supplies, including: albums, supplements, kits, books, and more.
Our Products
Whitman Publishing has been in the numismatic and philatelic publishing field for almost 90 years. Our flagship titles have been the “Bibles” of the hobby since 1942 (the Blue Book) and 1946 (the Red Book).
Whitman’s coin boards, folders, and albums have organized and displayed hundreds of thousands of coin collections for generations. Today we continue this long tradition with new products and publications, and the same dedication to accuracy, quality, innovations, and solid research.
We design our products to appeal to all collectors for their personal collections or to be given as gifts to all ages.
Our Customers
Whitman Publishing strives to meet the needs of our customers. Our customers range from the new collector just entering the hobby to advanced collectors with years of experience.
Our team has a mission to maintain life-long, valuable relationships with our customers to deliver value-added service with the highest level of quality.
Rewards
FAQ
Create Store Account to Join
Already have an account?
Login to check your balance or redeem rewards
×
Home
About Us
Terms of Use
Terms of Use
1. Terms
By accessing this web site, you are agreeing to be bound by these web site Terms and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this web site are protected by applicable copyright and trade mark law.
2. Use License
Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials (information or software) on Whitman Publishing's web site for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:
modify or copy the materials;
use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);
attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on Whitman Publishing's web site;
remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or
transfer the materials to another person or "mirror" the materials on any other server.
This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by Whitman Publishing at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.
3. Disclaimer
The materials on Whitman Publishing's web site are provided "as is". Whitman Publishing makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, Whitman Publishing does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its Internet web site or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
4. Limitations
In no event shall Whitman Publishing or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption,) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on Whitman Publishing's Internet site, even if Whitman Publishing or a Whitman Publishing authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
5. Revisions and Errata
The materials appearing on Whitman Publishing's web site could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. Whitman Publishing does not warrant that any of the materials on its web site are accurate, complete, or current. Whitman Publishing may make changes to the materials contained on its web site at any time without notice. Whitman Publishing does not, however, make any commitment to update the materials.
6. Links
Whitman Publishing has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its Internet web site and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Whitman Publishing of the site. Use of any such linked web site is at the user's own risk.
7. Site Terms of Use Modifications
Whitman Publishing may revise these terms of use for its web site at any time without notice. By using this web site you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.
8. Governing Law
Any claim relating to Whitman Publishing's web site shall be governed by the laws of the State of Alabama without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
General Terms and Conditions applicable to Use of a Web Site.
×