https://whitman.com/privacy-policy/
Close
Contact Us
Whitman Publishing
1-800-546-2995
4001 Helton Drive, Building A
Florence, Alabama 35630
Information
FAQ
History
Safe Shopping
Shipping
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About us
About Whitman Publishing
Whitman Publishing is the leading producer of numismatic reference books, supplies, and products to display and store coins and paper money. Our high-quality books educate readers in the rich, colorful history of American and world coinage, paper currency, tokens, and medals, and teach how to build great collections. Archival-quality Whitman folders, albums, cases, and other holders assist in keeping collectibles safe and allow them to be shown off to friends and family. Whitman is also the home of H.E. Harris postage stamp collecting supplies, including: albums, supplements, kits, books, and more.
Our Products
Whitman Publishing has been in the numismatic and philatelic publishing field for almost 90 years. Our flagship titles have been the “Bibles” of the hobby since 1942 (the Blue Book) and 1946 (the Red Book).
Whitman’s coin boards, folders, and albums have organized and displayed hundreds of thousands of coin collections for generations. Today we continue this long tradition with new products and publications, and the same dedication to accuracy, quality, innovations, and solid research.
We design our products to appeal to all collectors for their personal collections or to be given as gifts to all ages.
Our Customers
Whitman Publishing strives to meet the needs of our customers. Our customers range from the new collector just entering the hobby to advanced collectors with years of experience.
Our team has a mission to maintain life-long, valuable relationships with our customers to deliver value-added service with the highest level of quality.
Rewards
FAQ
Create Store Account to Join
Already have an account?
Login to check your balance or redeem rewards
×
Home
About Us
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Updated January 2020.
YOUR PRIVACY: OVERVIEW
If you are a consumer in the United States, this privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") explains how Whitman Publishing, LLC (collectively, "Whitman," "we," or "us") collects, uses, discloses, and retains  your personal data when you access or use our websites or mobile applications.
REVISIONS TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
Whitman Publishing reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of this Privacy Policy. If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will provide you with additional notice (such as adding a statement to our websites’ homepages or sending you a notification).
COLLECTION OF PERSONAL DATA
In this Privacy Policy, "personal data" means any information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with or reasonably can be used to identify an individual or household and other data that is linked to personal data.  The types of personal data we collect about you depend on your interactions with us and are described in more detail below.
PERSONAL DATA YOU PROVIDE DIRECTLY TO US
We collect personal data directly from you in a variety of ways, including when you:
Register for an account and create a profile
Request additional information about our products or services or sign up to receive our e-mail newsletters, marketing messages or coupons;
Interact with us on social media, such as by tagging us and/or our products or permitting us to follow your social media profile;
Purchase any product or service from us;
Provide design or product feedback or make other submissions to us;
Request information or assistance from us, including correspondence with our customer service team or our store associates for personalized styling;
Participate in or respond to surveys or requests for opinions, feedback and preferences;
Using other features of our websites that may be offered from time to time, which may require information in order to utilize the features; and
The types of personal data we collect directly from you may include: your name, username, password, e-mail address, address, telephone number, credit card and debit card numbers (with expiration dates), demographic information and personal preferences.
PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT AUTOMATICALLY
We automatically collect personal data when you access and use our Services. The types of information we collect may include:
Information about your activity on our Services, such your access times, pages viewed, the routes by which you access our Services, your use of any hyperlinks available within our Services;
Information about your purchases or transactions with us, including records of products or services you have purchased, returned or are considering purchasing from us;
USE OF PERSONAL DATA
Create and manage your online accounts, and profiles.
Send notifications related to your account, purchases, exchanges and returns;
Respond to your requests and any other communications from you, including to provide customer service;
Send advertising or marketing communications about products, services, offers, promotions, rewards and events offered by Whitman Publishing and others, and provide news and information that we believe may be of interest to you;
We don’t sell or share your personal information.
×