http://wickedweasel.com/en-us/terms-of-service
US $-USD
US $-USD
AUS $-AUD
EUROZONE €-EUR
GERMANY €-EUR
CANADA $-CAD
UK £-GBP
FRANCE €-EUR
SPAIN €-EUR
RUSSIA $-USD
SINGAPORE $-SGD
JAPAN ¥-JPY
ITALY €-EUR
NZ $-NZD
PORTUGAL €-EUR
HONG KONG $-HKD
CHINA $-USD
BRAZIL $-USD
(+1) 800 660 0740
(+1) 800 660 0740
Sign in or register
0
Terms of Service
Introduction
This Internet web site (‘Site’) is owned and operated by Wicked Weasel Pty Limited, ABN 2300 392 7553 (‘Wicked Weasel’). The following provisions set out the terms and conditions (‘Terms and Conditions’) under which any person accessing and using the Site (‘You’ and ‘Your’) may:
access and use the Site, including any pages or information linked to it that are owned and operated by Wicked Weasel; and
purchase a Product or Products from Wicked Weasel through the Site.
By accessing and using the Site, You agree to be bound by the Terms and Conditions. Please read the Terms and Conditions carefully before accessing and using the Site. If You do not accept and agree to abide by the Terms and Conditions, please do not access and use the Site.
Privacy
The Privacy Policy and Security Statement form part of the Terms and Conditions.
Copyright
The Site, its design, and all content included on the Site, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads, data compilations, and software (‘the Works’), is the exclusive property of Wicked Weasel or its content suppliers, and is protected by Australian and international copyright laws. The Works may contain, from time to time, material that is the copyright of a third party.
Trademarks
The mark, , indicated on the Site, is a registered trade mark of Wicked Weasel in Australia and other countries. The mark may not be used, in any way, without the prior written permission of Wicked Weasel.
License
Wicked Weasel grants You a limited, non-exclusive, revocable licence to: access, use, and download the Works contained in the Site solely for non commercial and personal purposes; access and use the Site solely for non-commercial and personal purposes; and if You are an internet service provider, supply the Works contained in the Site to Your subscriber.
Any conduct with respect to any of the Works contained in the Site, other than that described in clause 5.1 (including, without limitation, the reproduction, modification, adaptation, transmission or communication of such Works without the prior written permission of Wicked Weasel), is strictly prohibited.
Any conduct with respect to the Works that is authorised by Clause 5.1, must include the Wicked Weasel copyright notice “© 2001 Wicked Weasel Pty Limited. All Rights Reserved” and any other credits, trade marks or other legal notices applicable to the Works.
use of the site by children
Wicked Weasel does not target as customers, or solicit data from, persons under the age of eighteen (18) years (‘Children’ or ‘Child’). Children should obtain the consent of a parent or guardian prior to accessing and using the Site.
Submission of Material to the Site
Wicked Weasel may invite (‘Invitation’) You to submit material, including photographs, feedback data such as questions, comments, suggestions and any other response (‘Material’), to the Site (particularly to the ‘Contributors Gallery’ and ‘Bikini Competition’ sections of the Site).
Upon the Invitation of Wicked Weasel, You may submit Material to the Site, provided that such Material:
is accurate;
is not defamatory, obscene, threatening, pornographic, or offensive;
does not violate any applicable law, including communications that would give rise to criminal or civil liability;
does not advocate any illegal activity;
does not infringe the intellectual property rights of any third party;
does not violate or infringe the rights of any person or entity, including a person’s right of privacy; or
does not consist of, or contain computer viruses, political campaigning, commercial solicitation, chain letters, mass mailings, or any form of ‘spam’.
Wicked Weasel shall not be responsible for monitoring and exercising editorial control over Material submitted to the Site. Wicked Weasel nevertheless reserves the right to monitor Material submitted to the Site, and to remove or edit any Material which it finds, in its sole discretion, to be contrary to the Terms and Conditions.
In consideration for Wicked Weasel granting You an opportunity to submit Material to the Site, You hereby agree that:
such Material is non-confidential; and
by submitting such Material, You are deemed to have provided a valid and binding electronic signature (as permitted under the Electronic Transactions Act 1999) authorising the assignment of all rights, title and interest in all such Material to Wicked Weasel, its assigns and licensees, to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, create derivative works from, distribute and publicly display such Material, for any purpose whatsoever, in any media, throughout the world in perpetuity.
You warrant and represent that:
any Material submitted to the Site is original and will not infringe or breach any law or any person’s right under any law (including any law or right relating to copyright, passing-off, defamation, contempt of court, privacy, publicity or confidence);
any Material submitted to the Site is free from encumbrances and You have full and unfettered power to assign all rights and interest in the Material to Wicked Weasel, free from any claim by any person;
You own all rights, title and interest (including copyright) in any Material submitted to the Site, or have obtained all necessary consents and releases from third parties for all and any use of the Material by Wicked Weasel in perpetuity, without any requirement for Wicked Weasel to make any payment to You or such third parties, and can provide any written evidence of this to Wicked Weasel on Wicked Weasel’s request;
You have not assigned, licensed or otherwise granted any rights in the Material or entered into any deed or agreement that would prevent or limit Wicked Weasel’s rights to use the Material;
as to living people identifiable in the Material, if any, You have acquired written permissions and releases permitting the exclusive use of the said person’s name, likeness and life story in connection with any use of the Material and You hereby assign such rights to Wicked Weasel;
You will enter into any formal written documentation if required by Wicked Weasel, to formalise Your assignment of all rights in the Material to Wicked Weasel; and
You have not done, or permitted to be done, any act or omission by which any of the rights in the Material have been, or may in any way, be impaired or limited.
Purchase of Products
At the ‘bikini shop’ section of the Site (‘Bikini Shop’), Wicked Weasel: advertises certain products for sale (‘Product’ or ‘Products’); and lists the price for each Product (‘Purchase Price’).
You can make an offer (‘Offer’) to purchase a Product or Products from Wicked Weasel at the relevant Purchase Price, by:
accessing the Bikini Shop;
selecting the Product or Products with respect to which you wish to make an Offer, and clicking the ‘add to cart’ button;
inserting the ‘quantity’ of the Product or Products that you require, and clicking the ‘checkout’ button;
selecting the ‘Shipping Destination’ that you require and clicking the ‘next’ button;
selecting the ‘Shipping Method’ that you would prefer and clicking the ‘next’ button;
completing the ‘Customer Details’ Form and clicking the ‘next’ button; and
providing your ‘Payment Details’ at the National Australia Bank card services (‘NAB Card Services) section of the Site and clicking the ’continue’ button.
Wicked Weasel is deemed to have accepted (‘Acceptance’) the Offer when NAB Card Services sends an email message to You, confirming that payment of the Purchase Price (‘Payment’) has been processed.
Payment will be processed by NAB Card Services simultaneous to Acceptance. Payment must be made by credit card (Amex, MasterCard and Visa).
An agreement (‘Agreement’) exists between You and Wicked Weasel, for you to purchase from Wicked Weasel the Product or Products with respect to which you have made an Offer, upon Acceptance.
The entire Agreement consists of:
the Offer;
the Acceptance; and
the Terms and Conditions.
Each separate Offer and Acceptance, together with the Terms and Conditions, forms a separate Agreement.
If Wicked Weasel owes money to You under one Agreement, Wicked Weasel may set-off that money against any money that it owes You under another Agreement.
Wicked Weasel will deliver the Product or Products to You:
at the address for delivery (‘Delivery Address’) provided by You in the Customer Details Form in the Offer;
by way of the Shipping Method selected by You in the Offer;
at the price (‘Shipping Price’) that corresponds with the Shipping Method selected by You in the Offer; and
within a time that is, at the discretion of Wicked Weasel, feasible.
Anyone at the Delivery Address who receives the Product or Products is deemed to be authorised to receive the Product or Products.
Property and risk in the Product or Products passes to You upon delivery to the Delivery Address.
If You are not satisfied with the quality of the Product or Products You have purchased pursuant to an Agreement, Wicked Weasel will exchange (‘Exchange’) or issue a refund (‘Refund’) to You for the Product or Products, provided:
You return the Product or Products in new condition with the tags attached, and with all information Wicked Weasel will need in order to correctly Exchange the Product or Products or Refund the Payment to You (including invoice number, name, address, and your requirements);
to the address described in Clause 17;
within either:
sixty (60) days from the date the Agreement is made, if the Delivery Address is outside Australia; or
(ii) fourteen (14) days from the date the Agreement is made, if the Delivery Address is inside Australia
The Shipping Price is not refundable.
There will be no Shipping Price for any initial Exchange with respect to an Agreement.
A replacement Product or Products with respect to an Exchange will be delivered to you by way of:
registered post, if the Delivery Address is inside Australia; or
airmail, if the Delivery Address is outside Australia; or
courier, if requested by You (but will incur an extra charge for shipping, being the difference between the cost for shipping by courier and the cost for shipping by air mail).
You must not:
engage in the business of re-selling, distributing and/or supplying to any third party, whether through a web site or any other means, any Product/s that You have purchased from Wicked Weasel pursuant to an Agreement; and represent Yourself as Wicked Weasel or as an agent or sub-contractor of Wicked Weasel, by making any unauthorised use of any trade mark and/or copyrights owned by Wicked Weasel or by any other means.
Disclaimer of warranties and limitation of liability
Wicked Weasel reserves the right to modify or adapt any part of the Works (including information about a Product or Products) without notifying current or prospective customers or users.
Wicked Weasel is not responsible for any errors or defects (including without limitation computer viruses, typographic errors or other inaccuracies) in any Works contained in the Site. Wicked Weasel intends any information contained as part of the Works to be accurate and reliable. However, errors may occasionally occur. Therefore, all Works are provided “as is”, without any warranty of any kind.
The liability of Wicked Weasel for any breach of any implied condition or warranty conferred by the Trade Practices Act 1974 (Cth), or any similar state or territory legislation in Australia which cannot be excluded, is limited to any one or more of the following, determined by Wicked Weasel in its sole discretion:
in the case of a Product or Products:
the replacement or repair of the Product or Products, or the supply of an equivalent Product or Products; or
the payment of the cost of replacing the Product or Products, or acquiring an equivalent Product or Products, or repairing the Product or Products; and
in the case of services:
supply of the services again; or
the payment of the cost of having the services supplied again.
To the full extent permitted by law, Wicked Weasel, its related bodies corporate (as that expression is defined under the Corporations Law) and their directors, employees and/or agents will not be liable for any loss, claims, damages or costs (including legal costs) arising out of, or in connection with, Your use of or inability to use the Site, including but not limited to direct, indirect, incidental, special, exemplary and all consequential damages or losses of profits or opportunity to any person, even if such losses or damages were reasonably foreseeable.
If Clause 9.4 is unenforceable in whole or in part in any jurisdiction, due to relevant laws in that jurisdiction, then in no event will the liability of Wicked Weasel to You for any damages, losses, claims or otherwise, exceed the amount paid by You, if any, with respect to Your purchase of a Product or Products from Wicked Weasel, pursuant to an Agreement, through the Site.
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify Wicked Weasel and hold Wicked Weasel indemnified from and against any and all actions, liabilities, claims, costs and expenses (including reasonable legal costs and expenses) arising out of Your use of the Site or any breach of the Terms and Conditions by You, including, without limitation, Your warranties and representations with respect to the Material.
Links to Third Party Sites
Wicked Weasel makes no representations whatsoever about any other web sites which You may access from this Site (‘Third Party Site’). A link from this Site to a Third Party Site does not mean that Wicked Weasel endorses or accepts any responsibility for the content or use of the Third Party Site. Third Party Sites are accessible from the Site only for the convenience of the user.
Electronic Communications
You consent to receiving communications from Wicked Weasel electronically, including electronic mail or notices posted on the Site.
You acknowledge that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that Wicked Weasel provides to You and that You provide to Wicked Weasel electronically, satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.
Changes
Wicked Weasel may add to, delete, or otherwise change any of the Terms and Conditions by giving You notice (‘Notice’):
by electronic mail; or
by ordinary post to your address contained in the Customer Details; or
by posting on the Site.
severability
The Terms and Conditions constitute:
the entire agreement between Wicked Weasel and You regarding Your use of the Site, and Your grant of all rights in any Material submitted to the Site; and
part of an Agreement for You to purchase Goods from Wicked Weasel through the Site, as provided for in Clause 8.6.
The Terms and Conditions supercede all previous, written or oral agreements between You and Wicked Weasel.
No waiver of any breach of the Terms and Conditions shall be deemed to be a waiver of any preceding or succeeding breach of the same or any other term.
If any provision of the Terms and Conditions is held to be unlawful, invalid, unenforceable or in conflict with any law in Australia, then any such provision will, to the necessary extent, be read down or severed from the Terms and Conditions, as applicable, and the remaining provisions will not be affected.
Your indemnity and assignment of all rights in any Material submitted to Wicked Weasel and the Site will survive any change to, or termination of, the Terms and Conditions.
applicable law
The Terms and Conditions shall be governed by, and construed according to, the laws of New South Wales, Australia. Any dispute under the Terms and Conditions shall be subject to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts of New South Wales and, by using the Site, You hereby submit to that jurisdiction.
Address
Wicked Weasel
Unit 1 / 20 Towers Drive
Mullumbimby, 2482
NSW, Australia
http://wickedweasel.com
bikinis@wickedweasel.com
Back to top
Great International Shipping Rates
Exchanges and Returns
Call Our Bikini Specialists
Gift Certificates
Wicked Blog
Wicked Models
Video Channel
Enter Photo Competition
Bikini Competition Winners
Microminimus Community
Feedback
What do you think about our new site?
Give our new site a rating:
Tell us what you think - the good and the bad:
Please give our new site a rating
Please tell us what you think
Submit feedback
Sending your feedback...