https://wildriceonline.com/policies/cookie-policy/
St. Maries Wild Rice maximum order per family 5 pounds
Home
Store
Your Cart
Checkout
Your Account
Wholesale Orders
About
Our Team
Going Wild
Recipes
FAQ
Ingredients
Nutrition Information
Contact
Reviews
You are here: Home / Policies / Cookie PolicyRevised Date: Thu, 08 Oct 2020 17:04:37 GMT
Unless otherwise stated, this policy is to be assumed to be effective and valid from January 1st, 2020 to December 31st, 2020.
What Cookies We Use
This website uses cookies. We use cookies to personalize content, provide social media features, and mostly to analyse our traffic. We share information about the traffic on our website with our marketing and website partners who may combine it with information that you've provided to them, or that they've collected from your use of their services. You consent to receive our cookies if you continue to use this website.
Your Consent
By continuing to use this website, you agree to receive our cookies. These cookies will not be used maliciously and may be removed at any time. By closing the Consent Bar we need to set a cookie that lets us know you've closed it. If any of our policies get updated, you'll need to reconsent to these policies, which means the Consent Bar at the bottom of this website may come back intermittently.
Useful Links
Here are some helpful links to read more about what cookies are and how they are used:
About CookiesDisabling Cookies
If these links no longer work, please contact us at ankenylakestmaries@gmail.comYour Shopping Cart
Product Categories
Cookbooks
Gift Packs
Organic
Seasoned Wild Rice Blends
Uncategorized
Wild Rice Blends
Wild Rices
Top Rated Products
Quinoa Medley
$2.22 – $26.00
Lentil and Wild Rice Medley
$2.22 – $26.00
St. Maries Wild Rice Certified Organic - Premium
$4.49 – $75.20
Canadian Lake Wild Rice Certified Organic
$4.82 – $85.00
Oregon and Beaver Wild Rice Blends
$3.16
By using our website, you consent to our Cookie Policy, Privacy Policy, and Terms Of Service.Privacy Policy — Terms Of Service — Cookie Policy