https://windshieldstogo.com/privacy.php#privacy
Home (current)
Order Status
FAQ
Who We Are
Testimonials
Use this Wizard for a Free Quote & to Schedule 24/7
Privacy
Windshields To Go USA respects your privacy.
Any personal information you provide to us including and similar to your name, address, telephone number and e-mail address will not be released, sold, or rented to any entities or individuals outside of Windshields To Go USA.
Credit card details
The Windshields to Go USA web site adds security to your order by using SSL (Secure Sockets Layer). The credit card information you send to us is encrypted by your computer (using up to 128-bit encryption) and is then sent to us, where we decrypt your information. This assures that others can not access the information while it is being sent over the Internet. The credit card information is not stored on our server, we use CyberSource (A Visa Company) as our payment gateway. You can be sure that when you are shopping on our web site, your credit card information will be safe.
Email.
Your email is only used for communication with you. We do not sell email lists.
External Sites.
Windshields To Go USA is not responsible for the content of external internet sites. You are advised to read the privacy policy of external sites before disclosing any personal information.
Cookies
A "cookie" is a small data text file that is placed in your browser and allows Windshields To Go USA to recognize you each time you visit this site(customisation etc). Cookies themselves do not contain any personal information, and Windshields To Go USA does not use cookies to collect personal information. Cookies may also be used by 3rd party content providers such as newsfeeds.
Remember The Risks Whenever You Use The Internet
While we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of any information that you transmit to Windshields To Go USA and you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of any passwords or other account information. In addition other Internet sites or services that may be accessible through Windshields To Go USA have separate data and privacy practices independent of us, and therefore we disclaim any responsibility or liability for their policies or actions.
Please contact those vendors and others directly if you have any questions about their privacy policies.
For any other information email webmaster
Please Note: You are not charged during checkout. A full authorization will only occur after we verify availability. If there are any choices to go over, we will contact you.
No disposal fee, no adhesive fee, quality new glass, national warranty included.
Home |
Who We Are |
Testimonials | Free Online Quote
| FAQ | Add Company | Contact Us | Privacy Policy
Glass Chat
Glass Chat
Free Quote!
Free Quote
Order Status
Order Status