https://wirename.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
We respect your privacy and will never share your information.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited  to, when Users visit our wirename.com Site, place an order and in connection with other activities, services, features or  resources we make available on our wirename.com Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address,  mailing address, phone number, credit card information,
Users may, however, visit our wirename.com Site anonymously.
We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our wirename.com Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our wirename.com Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our wirename.com Site may use “cookies” to enhance User experience. User’s web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
Wire Name Jewelry collects and uses Users personal information for the following purposes:
To improve customer service
Your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
To improve our wirename.com Site
We continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
To process transactions
We may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
To send periodic emailsThe email address Users provide for order processing, will only be used to send them information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, and/or other requests or questions. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email or User may contact us via our Site.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our wirename.com Site.
Sensitive and private data exchange between the wirename.com Site and its Users happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures.
Email Marketing
By making a wirename.com purchase you automatically sign up to our email subscriber list. We will on occassion email you about any promotion we are running. We will send you no more than 2 emails a month. We respect your privacy & will not abuse your personal information. You can unsubscribe to our marketing email communication by emailing us at info{at}wirename.com or by clicking the unsubscribe link in the email communication.
Changes to this privacy policy
Wire Name Jewelry has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, send you an email. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this wirename.com Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy and terms of service. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this wirename.com Site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
Wire Name Jewelry
wirename.com
Wire Name Jewelry – 589 Charing Cross Rd.  – Elk Grove Village, IL 60007
847-725-0480
info{at}wirename.com
Which is bigger, 2 or 8?
About
Contact
FAQ
Return Policy
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Copyright 2020 © Wirename.com All Rights Reserved.
Search for:
Necklaces
Pins
Chokers
Bracelets
Brooches
Anklets
Rings
Pendants
Wire Art
Sport
Blog
Login
FAST SHIPPING
Login
Username or email address *
Password *
Remember me
Log in
Lost your password?
Register
Email address *
Password *
Register