https://wishgranted.com/help/
Skip to content Skip to primary sidebarHome » HelpHelp Sections:Order StatusHas my order shipped?How do I change quantities or cancel an item in my order? How do I track my order? My order never arrived.An item is missing from my shipment. When will my backorder arrive?My AccountHow do I create an account?How do I edit my account information? How much is my shipping? I forgot my password. How do I return my product? I have a problem with the order I received. What is your return policy? When will my order ship? International ShippingDo you ship to my country? What are my payment choices? When will my order ship and what are my shipping charges?What are your Terms & Conditions?Pricing and BillingI have a question on my charges.I need a copy of my receipt/invoice.When will my credit appear on my account?When will my credit card be charged?Do you accept mail orders?About Us: About Us Contact Us: Contact Us Customer Support: Customer Support Self-help: Colloid Master troubleshooting for Current OwnersWe have a whole section of material dedicated to troubleshooting and use of the Colloid Master here: Colloid Master Trouble Shooting.F.A.Q.s regarding the Colloid Master Before Purchasing common questionsWe have a section of frequently asked questions regarding the Colloid Master here: FAQsQuestions about colloidal silver?We have what is essentially a Free E-book, which covers the overall topic of colloids and colloidal silver as well as other reading material here: Colloidal Silver Info.Questions about our Policies? Privacy and Site NoticeCan’t find something?  SitemapSearch This SiteUsing GoogleUsing BingUsing YahooPrimary SidebarSearchWelcome to the Wishgranted.com blog, we think you're' going to like it here!
We are an unconventional group of …Continue Reading about What wishgranted blog is all aboutAuthor: Sara Burrows via https://returntonow.net
Study suggests silver could save us from antibiotic-resistant super …Continue Reading about Study: Colloidal Silver Makes Antibiotics a Thousand Times More EffectiveHow  I lost 25 pounds in weeks and felt healthier than ever before, even after a DVT and a
stroke by using the The …Continue Reading about The Optimal Health Recovery Diet.Wishgranted  P. O. Box 776 Englewood, TN 37329Main Office – Customer Support & Orders: Tel. (423) 617-0440Email Us NowTestimonialsI would recommend this device to anyone.Upon being totally confused about which product to purchase I found great assistance and knowledge from the employees at Wish Granted. She was very helpful and that clinched my decision to purchase the  silver colloidal  device from Wish Granted. It arrived promptly  with all the necessary instructions and equipment. The device worked perfectly as had been advertised. I would recommend this device to anyone.Thank you,Dr. Michael GrossDr. Michael GrossCustomer Comment Dave“I have received my order of the colloidal silver generator and the water distiller and am very pleased with the high quality of your products, I will be showing them off to everyone. Thank you” – DaveDaveTaos, NMI like it so much I just orderd another for my grandsonI have had my colloidal silver generator for several months and it works great. So great I just ordered another for my grandson. Compaired to other generators you don’t have to watch a timer in order to shut it off when done. You just set the number and leave it. When it reaches the proper PPm it shuts off.Thank You StewStewartCustomer Comment MaxineI originally bought the machine from you (8-10 years ago). I now have a horse that survived EPM.   Thanks! – MaxineMaxineCustomer Comment Sheila L“Thank you SO much for all of your help and generosity through this process.  Your customer service is amazing.  I am going to spread the word about you!”  – Sheila L.Sheila LaingA lot more selection in the CS world this decade.To start with let me just say that I have been taking 10PPM colloidal silver for over 25 years now and to my best recollection have not had a cold or the flu after about 6 months dosing @ 2 shots/day. I will be 68 this year, I take no meds, I still ride motorcycles, I windsurf, and I raise Mustangs for fun. (and no I am not blue) I have been using an older Silver Gen model from Washington State for the last 15 years.  This model uses the 1 x 6 inch electrodes and will produce very clean 10ppm CS at the rate of 1 liter/hour. I could not find this style anywhere and must assume the company is out of business or the founder has passed away. What I did find when I tried to locate a user friendly device on the web for one of my friends was the huge increase in selection of CS systems. It took me almost 3 hours to wade through them all and decide on one model that was; 1 User friendly, 2 Economical, 3 Constant Current, and 4 Backed by good service and replacement parts. This is why I chose the Colloid Master AC colloidal Silver Maker @ $144.00usd. I also opted for the TDS – PPM turbidity tester for determining parts per million. The package arrived on time and everything advertised was present and functioned perfectly. I grabbed the first narrow mouth Mason jar in the cabinet and found it to hold 1 liter exactly. This volume produced 10-11 ppm in about 3 hours repeatedly. We also found the TDS PPM turbidity meter to function well and was very easy to use. I particularly like the one minute switching of the electrode polarity to keep the wear even. I had to mark my older unit and remember what polarity I used last in order to balance the wear. My older unit did not have a built in timer and I always had to use a countdown timer for consistency. The automatic cut off on the new unit worked perfectly and made the longer production time seem insignificant. All said, I felt like I made the best choice given the selections and will soon order a new one to replace my old unit when I am not in a hurry or don’t need to make large 1 Gallon + batches. I would recommend this model to any newcomer to CS manufacturing. Good health, James Stevens Texas USA 02/08/2016James StevensTEKSCO USAI have used the 6I have used the 6 in silver bars for years and was very happy with the” Silver Water’ I got from them but decided to try the 7inch this time. Am very pleased that the “brewing” is less time.Bonniewishgranted dot com A Company That Careswishgranted dot com A Company That Cares: ” I have never dealt with a company that has cared as much as you all do.” – Robert S.Robert S.My Machine Still Works…over a decadeI had to be one of the earliest customers…I contracted Lyme disease in the mid 1990’s while living in Connecticut. Before Lyme, in my early 40’s, robust health, in fact a ‘health-nut’… I was suddenly really very sick…tired every day…then the joint burning sensation. Searing pain. People thought I was crazy making this ‘silver thing’…from “THE INTERNET….OMG!” They tried to scare me with ” You’ll turn blue! Like The Blue Man!!!” But reason and science tells you that guy was consuming “silver salts”. In any event, I was cured. Now I did take a single course of antibiotics. That’s true. Ahhh, you say. OK So it is impossible to tell. But in my heart, I know. Why? Because in the subsequent 8 years…still taking my silver, I never got sick. Never. And my job is dealing with the general public outside New York…flu central. I had close friends from China. Fast forward, I foolishly packed away my silver maker when I moved and never unpacked it. About a year later I contracted a flu that was awful. The bottom line is I have a long term study and folks, I’m sold. Wishgranted is a bunch of great folks!LouisCustomer Comment Debbie“I have been using the (colloidal silver) generator I purchased from you for several years now and it still works like the day I bought it. It’s easy to use, flexible, dependable and the company support and service can’t be beat.” – Debbie (Oklahoma) DebbieSimply Amazed with Wishgranted.comI’m simply amazed every time I deal with wishgranted.com. You are so kind, courteous and the speed of your service extraordinary-second to none! I am buying my fifth machine from you; the first was for myself, still purring. The third and fourth were for two other good friends, and those machines are still going strong. When you make it for your friends they get to experience it themselves and Colloid Master colloidal silver generators, make great Christmas presents relieving me of the job of making for them. The current purchase is for my girlfriend. She has made 800 quarts with her first machine, so I got her a second one (she has a huge family, and everyone begs her for CS. She gives quarts of CS for birthdays, Christmas, etc. She also lives in a retirement community, and all the neighbors ask her for CS and she obliges (when you see results it’s almost impossible not to help). With two colloidal silver generators, she will not have to spend as much time making CS for others. She will also be making gallons at a time with her new Colloid Master, which should save her time, and we can spend more time together. Wish I could tell you all the health benefits we have found with colloidal silver, but I know that you probably can’t even let people see what I said, so sad. These Colloidal silver generators are simply the best quality for the best price bar none! Take Care, -NormNormand FryYou are still hereHi, Bought a Machine from you many years ago, still going, With all the garbage we had to go through with CS being illegitimate and now it’s mainstream. I have sent many customers to you over the years, Just stopped in to see if you were still here, I guess you are!-ThanksRICHARD EIMERT, Jr.Customer Comment WayneMy order arrived so much sooner than expected, its been here 8 hours and first batch a success……with great first results, I am so pleased and would recommend your company 100 percent, I feel like I’ve joined a family, your new Canadian Friend. -WayneWayneColloid MasterOver many years I have purchase several colloid Masters. Prompt shipping and reasonable prices. Customer service is top notch! Awesome company. CathiCathiWe UpgradedExcellent machine! Very impressed.JoanieVery Nice and simple and it works.Purchased the holder for the sliver electrodes and found it way easy to use.William BruffCustomer Comment Georgia H“I want to thank you for such fast service and the courtesy I received from your order dept has been outstanding!Thank you!” – Georgia H.Georgia H.Customer Comment Ron WWow!!!!!!Still great service! (18 years -ed)Thank you very much……– Ron W.Ron WheelerTestimonial from Melissa !!!!I have been using the Universal Colloid Master for over 5 years and it is still working at optimum capacity! It produces wonderful Colloidal Silver waters that all of my friends and family use daily! I am also so thrilled that I got to speak with such a knowledgeable friendly woman when I called in about the additional Colloid Master AC I just purchased. She was happy to answer any questions I had on the process creating Colloidal waters and the generator they created. This generator truly is a wish come true for myself and everyone I share the Colloidal waters with! Thank you so much for all you do!Alessandria Sabo, North Salem, New Yorkvery reliable and consistent unitsI have three Colloidal Master AC units. The first one I purchased 10 years ago. Just purchased two more. All working like new, just needed more volume for the amount I use. Great customer service. On time deliverysam hedingtonCustomer Comment Wayne ASubject: great service and products. Use my real name if you want. – Wayne AWayne ArcherI recently ordered from Wishgranted.comI recently ordered from Wishgranted.com for the first time. That is always somewhat skeptical. I have had a hard time finding decent silver rods for my colloidal machine and took a chance with this order. Not only was I impressed with the speed of receiving my order, but VERY IMPRESSED with the quality and size of the rods. I WILL be ordering another set very soon to put aside for a spare!C. ZimmermanCustomer Comment Tel Tofflemire“I have a few years with the Colloidal Master and I love it.” – Tel TofflemireTel TofflemireCustomer Comment Ina TI spoke to you , Vincent, when we ordered the generator in 1999. I just wanted to let you know how pleased we have always been with the generator and with your customer service. We love Colloidal Silver and don’t want to be without it. – InaIna TaborSilver MakersI have made and purchased silver makers for over 15 years. 3 – 9 volt batteries, LOL. Purchased 6+ silver generators on the Internet. I just want you to know yours is by far the easiest to use and makes the most consistent silver I have experienced. I use a TDS and your machine is predictable. Thank you for such a great Product.Brent ZendnerWorks As PromisedThe unit was easy to setup and use, and works as promised! Happy customer.GarrettCustomer Comment Michael and Colleen“I just sold another CS generator for you.  I am enjoying helping my family & friends…thank God.God Bless your family business.” – Michael & ColleenMichael & Colleen Mason and son JohnCustomer Comment NormI’m simply amazed every time I deal with Wishgranted.com. You are so kind and courteous and the speed of your service is extraordinary-second to none!  I am buying my fifth machine from you, the first was for myself-still purring, the second was for my girlfriend-still purring, and the third and fourth was for 2 other good friends-and those machines are going strong… These machines are simply the BEST QUALITY, for the BEST PRICE, bar none!  Take Care, – NormNorman FryLoving itI have purchased a colloidal Silver generator several years ago and have been very pleased with it. It has helped me with my health, even when the Doctor could not. I have given the colloidal silver to others also when they needed help. My granddaughter recently had pneumonia and it helped her recover quickly. I have also used it when I had pneumonia. I would never be without my generator again! I have purchased the silver bars from this site twice now and they are a good deal and high quality. I trust this site to provide me with the great service and high quality products.GloriaCustomer Comment Jeff B“My Colloid Master is going on over 11 years old and going strong!” – Jeff B.Jeff BrindleBest Colloidal silver GeneratorAfter researching many different companies with much hype and advertising, I came upon wishgranted.com and immediately saw that this company was different. I read all of the documentation and details of the company and staff and was very impressed with their technical expertise and dedication to their work and products. I purchased their colloidal silver kit and it was delivered very quickly. It is top quality and generates a pure colloidal silver solution at a predictable and consistent strength. If anyone asks about which company is the best colloidal silver generator on the market, the best buy and has the highest quality instrument, it would be this one. I plan on being a regular customer in the future.Norbert Gcolloid master testimonial purchased 10-24-2001I have a colloid master that I purchased 10/24/2001. It works as well now as it did then.  Just thought I’d upgrade and give the old on to one of my kids. -Jim H.Jim HoneaCustomer Comment Joel PhD“Just wanted you to know I Am very pleased with the (Colloid Master) generator I recently purchased from you. Thanks so much for the quality of dialogue and product you folks represent.” – Joel, Ph.D.Joel, Ph.D.Biofeedback specialist Newsletter: Tune into our articles about silver, crypto, body, mind, soul, tech and all things interesting FREEName*Email* SearchBe mindful of what you wish for!“Watch your thoughts; they become words. Watch your words; they become actions. Watch your actions; they become habit. Watch your habits; they become character. Watch your character; it becomes your destiny.” – Lao-TzuWelcome to the Wishgranted.com blog, we think you’re’ going to like it here! We are an unconventional group of inspired individuals that embrace nuance and unconventional perspectives… Although our focus here has primarily been about colloidal silver (the Colloid Master colloidal silver generator in particular), primarily because search-engines have made it very difficult to  not […]Author: Sara Burrows via https://returntonow.net Study suggests silver could save us from antibiotic-resistant super bugs Silver has been used to fight infection for thousands of years, now scientists are studying it as a potential solution to the epidemic of antibiotic-resistant bacteria. A 2013 study found that taking colloidal silver along with antibiotics killed up to 1000 […]How  I lost 25 pounds in weeks and felt healthier than ever before, even after a DVT and a stroke by using the The Optimal Health Recovery Diet.  How and why this system seems to also always works for others and the most likely reasons why other approaches fail or are not sustainable. By Will […]About UsWishgranted PO Box 776 Englewood Tennessee 37329
Phone: 1-423-617-0440
WANT TO LEAVE A TESTIMONIAL?
CLICK HEREDo NOT follow this link or you will be banned from the site!