https://wishgranted.com/shipping-repair-return-policy/
Skip to content Skip to primary sidebarHome » Shipping Repair & Return PolicyShipping Repair & Return Policies:Shipping PolicyCancellation PolicyColloid Master 30 Day Money Back PolicyReturns Repairs and ExchangesSecure ShoppingPurchasesRefused ShipmentsShipping To International LocationsYour ConsentShipping PolicyShipping to the United States and Canada: Use of this site (wishgranted.com, which is owned and operated by Wishgranted), implies that you have read, and willingly and explicitly consent to all of our policies. You may review our Policies via our Privacy and Site Notice; which includes; Terms Of Use; Privacy Policy; Shipping Repair & Return Policies, you should, therefore, review these if you have not yet done so. When possible, all confirmed orders will be shipped within 24 to 48 hours of your purchase.When you place your order before 12 pm Eastern Time, it will be processed and confirmed on the same day. Orders placed after 12 pm Eastern Time are likely to be processed and confirmed on the next business day as it may not be possible to process such orders on the same day.Monday to Friday (five days a week) shall be the official business days for shipping, repair, and returns of any product that you purchase on this website. Holidays, Saturdays and Sundays are not included in the official working days. You should acknowledge that we observe all federal and traditional holidays.Orders placed on Saturday, Sunday or holidays will be processed and confirmed on Monday or the next business day. When possible, such orders will be shipped on the same day.When you place your order, its acknowledgment and confirmation of product availability will be sent to your registered email address. An email confirmation of an order does not constitute our acceptance of your order. Once your order is processed/confirmed you will receive confirmation, but your order shall be deemed as accepted only when it has shipped, and when that happens, we will send you an email.You may be required to bear additional shipping charges for custom orders, large, oversized or multi-boxed items or international shipments. In cases where we find out that you would have to incur any shipping/handling charges in addition to those you accepted while placing your order, we will request your approval for additional charges. No shipment will occur unless you approve the additional shipping charges, and we shall not be held liable for any delays in your shipment. If you refuse to bear the additional shipping costs, you will be entitled to change or cancel your order, and we retain the right to cancel the order and refund you.Unless otherwise mentioned in your confirmation email, all orders shall be shipped as standard USPS consignments.No shipment will take place from credit cards/payment flagged by the credit card company, and the purchase will proceed once there is no longer a questionable status of the order.Three to seven business days (excluding the weekends and holidays) is an expected delivery time frame for USA bound USPS Priority Mail packages. Custom shipping options, when offered, carry delivery time frames in agreement that particular service by that carrier.USPS priority mail with delivery confirmation shall be used as the typical shipping method for orders unless you opt for custom shipping / available carriers. Please acknowledge that we will not be responsible for consignments to areas where tracking or delivery confirmation is not possible. We reserve a right to cancel such orders /shipments at our sole discretion. Such cancellations rarely take place.Packages damaged during shipment. Upon receiving your package from the carrier and you find that the exterior packaging is severely damaged, if you are also relatively certain the contents have also been damaged, you may refuse to accept the damaged package (let the carrier have it back unopened!). Then promptly inform us. Also, be aware that in cases of opened and damaged goods that you may be required to fill out a damage package form.Customer Service,Returns and Order Fulfillment Department, contact: Customer SupportOr call or write: (423) 606-0034 wishgranted.com | Wishgranted P.O. Box 776 Englewood, Tennessee 37329You may also Email Us now.» top«Cancellation PolicySubject to applicable laws, you will be allowed to cancel your order before the merchant account processes it. No penalty is payable for such cancellations. Once the merchant account gateway has drawn credit card charges, and the order has shipped, the order shall be final.Unless the product carries a 30-day money back guarantee, Wishgranted  will accept all returns, refunds or exchanges at its sole discretion and on the merits of each case. For more information, please refer Returns, Repairs, and Exchanges section.» top«Colloid Master 30 Day Money Back PolicyA 30-day money back guarantee shall apply to certain products that explicitly mention this money back guarantee at the time of sale/purchase. You should acknowledge that there is no unconditional money back guarantee for all the goods we sell. If an item doesn’t expressly state a money back guarantee, its sale shall be final after processing and shipment.Colloid Master 30-Day Money Back Guarantee: If your Colloid Master product carries this guarantee and you are not satisfied for any reason, you shall be entitled to return the Colloid Master and take a full refund of the purchase price. However, you have to bear its shipping cost. Please email us or call our support executives for your RMA number.Unless otherwise mentioned in the confirmation email, no returns will be accepted without prior authorization from Wishgranted. Please make sure to email us or call our support executives before returning your product. Once we receive your email/call, we will help you to complete an authorized money-back return. Unauthorized returns will not be accepted.» top«Returns Repairs ExchangesWere applicable, the product must be new, unused and returned in original packaging. When returned in used/damaged condition (not as received), certain fees may be charged for such usage/damage.Our policy allows the right to charge a 10 percent restocking fee regarding returns. However, although Wishgranted usually waives this restocking fee, it does so only at its sole discretion and reserves the right to apply it as well.You have to bear the shipping and handling charges. These charges are not refundable.Product/Item must be returned with adequate packaging to protect it during shipping! We prefer a copy your invoice or packing slip along with a written note describing the situation and or RMA.Our RMA must approve refund/exchanges of defective products and possibly of the customer service inspection team upon receipt of returned packages before we remit a refund/exchange.Wishgranted is not responsible for repair or replacement of defective items except its line of products and when expressly stated as such for example concerning the Colloid Master. For other products/items, you should directly send the item to the service center of the respective manufacturer.Colloid Master Repairs: please contact our technical support team for repairs of your Colloid Master product/item.Return AuthorizationOnly pre-authorized returns shall be accepted. Unless otherwise mentioned in the confirmation email, no returns shall be accepted without authorization from Wishgranted. Please make sure to email us or call our support executives before returning your product. Once we receive your email/call, we will help you to complete an authorized money-back return. Unauthorized returns will not be accepted.» top«Secure ShoppingHow do we protect your sensitive information?We work diligently to protect your privacy on this website. Only a limited number of Wishgranted employees are authorized to access your personal information, and our company policy is to maintain the confidentiality of your personal information. When you access your personal information or place your orders on wishgranted.com, all information exchanges and transactions are secured using 2048-bit Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology. Your personal information is encrypted then kept by our merchant service such as (Braintree/Paypal) as tokens in their databases, used as per the provisions of the credit card industry (PCI Council) and our Privacy Policy.Wishgranted will never ask for your sensitive information unless it’s required to deliver your requested/ordered products, information or services.Wishgranted will never share/disclose your confidential information except what is necessary to provide your requested/ordered products, comply with the relevant laws and legal requirements and protect our business/legal rights.Wishgranted will never hold your sensitive information on its servers except what is required to facilitate on-going operation or purchase of its products or services. We don’t store the details of your payment instrument. Your credit card information is passed to the payment processor/bank gateway directly, accessed through a token system.Wishgranted associates, subsidiaries, licensors, employees employ PCI minded practices daily as well as meeting annual requirements. We primarily accept credit card purchases using third party service providers who are compliant with the PCI Standards of the Credit Card Industry.Payment ProcessingAccessing wishgranted.com, or purchasing any health and personal care related product or service being made available on this website shall be deemed that you have attained legal maturity and qualified to make a purchase from the commercial websites. You should acknowledge that Wishgranted may collaborate with third party payment processors to provide hassle-free payment processing in a secure environment. Please note that your credit card/ payment statement, invoices and email confirmations for orders placed at wishgranted.com may also indicate the name Wishgranted because wishgranted.com is wholly owned and operated by Wishgranted.» top«PurchasesWishgranted reserves a right to refuse any sale or placed orders at its sole discretion. Nothing in your agreement with Wishgranted shall be deemed as any kinds of formal business association with Wishgranted or grant you any kinds of territory rights to sell its products, irrespective of your affiliation status or bulk purchase. Bulk purchases and affiliate program purchases will provide certain benefits regarding reduced costs, but we don’t grant any distribution rights or enter a dealership arrangement with you or the affiliates. You confirm that you are of legal age in your jurisdiction.NOTHING ON THIS WEBSITE REPRESENTS “MAKING CLAIMS” OF ANY KIND, REGARDING USES SUCH AS; MEDICAL; PROFESSIONAL-ADVICE; THERAPEUTIC; ANTI-MICROBIAL; PESTICIDE; DIETARY; OR DIAGNOSIS. WE DON’T AUTHORIZE ANYONE TO MAKE SUCH CLAIMS ABOUT OUR INFORMATION OR PRODUCTS UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCE, IRRESPECTIVE OF THEIR AFFILIATION STATUS OR BUSINESS RELATIONSHIP WITH US.FDA DISCLAIMER * These statements contained herein have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. These products are not intended to diagnose, prevent, treat or cure any disease. * These products are not intended for use in diagnosis of disease or other conditions, including a determination of the state of health, in order to cure, mitigate, treat, or prevent disease or its sequelae. Information within this site is for educational purposes only. All information is provided solely as a courtesy to customers. Wishgranted makes no claims or promises as to health benefits of any product sold. Regarding policies and use of this site,All purchases shall be taxable, and you shall be responsible for paying the applicable taxes irrespective of your affiliation status or bulk purchase. When you buy any product or place your orders at wishgranted.com to resell such goods or by-products of its use, it shall be deemed that you are doing so at your sole discretion. Wishgranted will not be responsible for your resale activities. Your orders or purchase on wishgranted.com shall never constitute a partnership, joint venture, agent-principal, or employer-employee relationship with Wishgranted. Communications or questions regarding our; Terms Of Use, Privacy, and Shipping Polices and Conditions, may be directed to:wishgranted.com | WishgrantedP.O. Box 776 Englewood, TN 37329Phone: (423) 606-0034Refused Shipments» top«Refused ShipmentsYou have no rights to refuse shipments that are not damaged, irrespective of the fact that refused Colloid Master product carries an unconditional money back guarantee. Once your order has been processed/shipped, any refusal to accept your delivery from the carrier will make you liable for a 20 percent restocking fee in addition to the shipping charges.» top«Shipping To International LocationsIf your location is outside the USA or Canada, shipping to your location may not be available in your shopping cart. We don’t allow sales/shipping to many international locations due to shipping issues such as; US government restrictions, exorbitant costs, the lack of availability of shipping insurance other complications. Also, products such as the Colloid Master may require customization requirements such as (power supplies) and other complexities. Those of you who are in international locations or areas we do not usually ship to may please write to us, we will determine availability on an individual basis as to whether we can or will ship to your location.If your location is outside of the U.S.A., and delivery confirmation/insurance is available in your area, region or country, you must complete the required measures before placing your order as mentioned in the product description area or relevant sections of our web store. These steps will allow us to contact/notify you regarding your options in case shipping complications arise that cause your order to be declined and refunded. You should acknowledge that international shipping is subject to the customs fees and import duties of your destination country. It shall be your/recipient’s responsibility to pay for these customs fees and import duties.Limitations (International Locations)Purchases by residents of locations outside the USA or Canada may void the manufacturer’s warranty. Also, service options may not be available at your shipping location; product manuals, instructions and safety warnings may not be available in your/destination country’s language. The products and accompanying gadgets/materials may not comply with the package’s destination country’s specifications, standards, and labeling requirements; and the product as sold in it’s usual unaltered manner may be unsuitable regarding destination country voltage and other electrical standards. You / recipients may not be able to use the product without using an appropriate adapter/converter.It is your personal legal responsibility to ensure that you are legally allowed to export/import the product to the destination country. Ordering any product from wishgranted.com/Wishgranted shall be deemed that the recipient is the importer of record, and responsible for complying with all laws and regulations of his or her country.Privacy (International Locations)Your privacy on wishgranted.com is very important to us, and we understand your concerns about security and confidentiality of your personal information. If you are located outside the USA, you should realize that cross-border shipments may inspect packages and be opened by customs authorities.We may also be required to share some information with our international carriers (order details, shipment, and product information), who in turn provide this information to the customs authorities while facilitating customs clearance or complying with any local laws.You may not be supposed to disclose the price of your Gift Packages, but the price is stated on the international consignments even when marked as a gift. Documents of the contents of international packages in customs form package value declaration. Customs authorities also require that the value of gift items in declared on the exterior package documents.Surcharges for Heavy or Bulky Items (International Locations)You should acknowledge that additional shipping and handling charges may apply, particularly if the shipped product is unusually bigger, heavier or bulky in size.Customs, Duties, and Taxes(International Locations)It shall be your responsibility to ensure that any product purchased is legal to import or use in the designated country. Ordering any product from wishgranted.com/Wishgranted shall be deemed that the recipient is the importer of record, and responsible for complying with all laws and regulations of his or her country. You should acknowledge that shipping outside the Continental US may be subject to customs duties, import taxes, and other fees that are levied by the destination country.You should realize that the recipient has to bear certain expenses concerning customs duties, import taxes. The authorities of your country may collect other fees beyond our knowledge or control. These charges are levied only when a shipment reaches the recipient’s country, and we may not be able to predict the applicable expenses or additional charges levied during the customs clearance. Customs duties, import taxes, and import/export policies differ across countries. If you want to get more accurate information, you have to contact your local customs office.You should acknowledge that customs clearance procedures and related requirements may cause a very significant delay in our original delivery estimates.Returns & Replacements (International Locations)The returns and replacement policies apply to international shipments as well. If there is a problem with the initial shipment, you shall be entitled to a replacement. However, you will be the deemed exporter for return shipment. Once we receive the returned delivery at our fulfillment centers, the title, and risk of loss will transfer to us. If you want to know more about returns and replacements of international shipment, please write to us via Customer Support.Waiver: European Union NoticesIf you are a resident located in any member state of the European Union; you shall waive all your rights to acknowledgements, notices, and confirmations related to your use of this website or any products/services offered by Wishgranted to the fullest extent permitted by law, and as described under Articles 10(1), 10(2), 11(1) and 11(2) of EU Directive 2000/31/EC or as implemented in your jurisdiction.Your ConsentAccessing wishgranted.com, or purchasing the Colloid Master or any products unequivocally acknowledges that you have accepted this Shipping Repair & Return Policy, which is part of your overall agreement with Wishgranted (Privacy and Site Notice), which includes; Terms Of Use, Privacy Policy.» top«Primary SidebarSearchWelcome to the Wishgranted.com blog, we think you're' going to like it here!
We are an unconventional group of …Continue Reading about What wishgranted blog is all aboutAuthor: Sara Burrows via https://returntonow.net
Study suggests silver could save us from antibiotic-resistant super …Continue Reading about Study: Colloidal Silver Makes Antibiotics a Thousand Times More EffectiveHow  I lost 25 pounds in weeks and felt healthier than ever before, even after a DVT and a
stroke by using the The …Continue Reading about The Optimal Health Recovery Diet.Wishgranted  P. O. Box 776 Englewood, TN 37329Main Office – Customer Support & Orders: Tel. (423) 617-0440Email Us NowTestimonialsI recently ordered from Wishgranted.comI recently ordered from Wishgranted.com for the first time. That is always somewhat skeptical. I have had a hard time finding decent silver rods for my colloidal machine and took a chance with this order. Not only was I impressed with the speed of receiving my order, but VERY IMPRESSED with the quality and size of the rods. I WILL be ordering another set very soon to put aside for a spare!C. ZimmermanA lot more selection in the CS world this decade.To start with let me just say that I have been taking 10PPM colloidal silver for over 25 years now and to my best recollection have not had a cold or the flu after about 6 months dosing @ 2 shots/day. I will be 68 this year, I take no meds, I still ride motorcycles, I windsurf, and I raise Mustangs for fun. (and no I am not blue) I have been using an older Silver Gen model from Washington State for the last 15 years.  This model uses the 1 x 6 inch electrodes and will produce very clean 10ppm CS at the rate of 1 liter/hour. I could not find this style anywhere and must assume the company is out of business or the founder has passed away. What I did find when I tried to locate a user friendly device on the web for one of my friends was the huge increase in selection of CS systems. It took me almost 3 hours to wade through them all and decide on one model that was; 1 User friendly, 2 Economical, 3 Constant Current, and 4 Backed by good service and replacement parts. This is why I chose the Colloid Master AC colloidal Silver Maker @ $144.00usd. I also opted for the TDS – PPM turbidity tester for determining parts per million. The package arrived on time and everything advertised was present and functioned perfectly. I grabbed the first narrow mouth Mason jar in the cabinet and found it to hold 1 liter exactly. This volume produced 10-11 ppm in about 3 hours repeatedly. We also found the TDS PPM turbidity meter to function well and was very easy to use. I particularly like the one minute switching of the electrode polarity to keep the wear even. I had to mark my older unit and remember what polarity I used last in order to balance the wear. My older unit did not have a built in timer and I always had to use a countdown timer for consistency. The automatic cut off on the new unit worked perfectly and made the longer production time seem insignificant. All said, I felt like I made the best choice given the selections and will soon order a new one to replace my old unit when I am not in a hurry or don’t need to make large 1 Gallon + batches. I would recommend this model to any newcomer to CS manufacturing. Good health, James Stevens Texas USA 02/08/2016James StevensTEKSCO USAvery reliable and consistent unitsI have three Colloidal Master AC units. The first one I purchased 10 years ago. Just purchased two more. All working like new, just needed more volume for the amount I use. Great customer service. On time deliverysam hedingtonWe UpgradedExcellent machine! Very impressed.JoanieWorks As PromisedThe unit was easy to setup and use, and works as promised! Happy customer.GarrettYou are still hereHi, Bought a Machine from you many years ago, still going, With all the garbage we had to go through with CS being illegitimate and now it’s mainstream. I have sent many customers to you over the years, Just stopped in to see if you were still here, I guess you are!-ThanksRICHARD EIMERT, Jr.Customer Comment Georgia H“I want to thank you for such fast service and the courtesy I received from your order dept has been outstanding!Thank you!” – Georgia H.Georgia H.Customer Comment NormI’m simply amazed every time I deal with Wishgranted.com. You are so kind and courteous and the speed of your service is extraordinary-second to none!  I am buying my fifth machine from you, the first was for myself-still purring, the second was for my girlfriend-still purring, and the third and fourth was for 2 other good friends-and those machines are going strong… These machines are simply the BEST QUALITY, for the BEST PRICE, bar none!  Take Care, – NormNorman FryCustomer Comment Debbie“I have been using the (colloidal silver) generator I purchased from you for several years now and it still works like the day I bought it. It’s easy to use, flexible, dependable and the company support and service can’t be beat.” – Debbie (Oklahoma) DebbieSilver MakersI have made and purchased silver makers for over 15 years. 3 – 9 volt batteries, LOL. Purchased 6+ silver generators on the Internet. I just want you to know yours is by far the easiest to use and makes the most consistent silver I have experienced. I use a TDS and your machine is predictable. Thank you for such a great Product.Brent ZendnerCustomer Comment Dave“I have received my order of the colloidal silver generator and the water distiller and am very pleased with the high quality of your products, I will be showing them off to everyone. Thank you” – DaveDaveTaos, NMCustomer Comment Sheila L“Thank you SO much for all of your help and generosity through this process.  Your customer service is amazing.  I am going to spread the word about you!”  – Sheila L.Sheila LaingCustomer Comment Joel PhD“Just wanted you to know I Am very pleased with the (Colloid Master) generator I recently purchased from you. Thanks so much for the quality of dialogue and product you folks represent.” – Joel, Ph.D.Joel, Ph.D.Biofeedback specialistCustomer Comment Jeff B“My Colloid Master is going on over 11 years old and going strong!” – Jeff B.Jeff BrindleCustomer Comment Ina TI spoke to you , Vincent, when we ordered the generator in 1999. I just wanted to let you know how pleased we have always been with the generator and with your customer service. We love Colloidal Silver and don’t want to be without it. – InaIna TaborCustomer Comment WayneMy order arrived so much sooner than expected, its been here 8 hours and first batch a success……with great first results, I am so pleased and would recommend your company 100 percent, I feel like I’ve joined a family, your new Canadian Friend. -WayneWayneI would recommend this device to anyone.Upon being totally confused about which product to purchase I found great assistance and knowledge from the employees at Wish Granted. She was very helpful and that clinched my decision to purchase the  silver colloidal  device from Wish Granted. It arrived promptly  with all the necessary instructions and equipment. The device worked perfectly as had been advertised. I would recommend this device to anyone.Thank you,Dr. Michael GrossDr. Michael GrossI have used the 6I have used the 6 in silver bars for years and was very happy with the” Silver Water’ I got from them but decided to try the 7inch this time. Am very pleased that the “brewing” is less time.BonnieCustomer Comment MaxineI originally bought the machine from you (8-10 years ago). I now have a horse that survived EPM.   Thanks! – MaxineMaxineCustomer Comment Michael and Colleen“I just sold another CS generator for you.  I am enjoying helping my family & friends…thank God.God Bless your family business.” – Michael & ColleenMichael & Colleen Mason and son JohnCustomer Comment Tel Tofflemire“I have a few years with the Colloidal Master and I love it.” – Tel TofflemireTel TofflemireI like it so much I just orderd another for my grandsonI have had my colloidal silver generator for several months and it works great. So great I just ordered another for my grandson. Compaired to other generators you don’t have to watch a timer in order to shut it off when done. You just set the number and leave it. When it reaches the proper PPm it shuts off.Thank You StewStewartCustomer Comment Ron WWow!!!!!!Still great service! (18 years -ed)Thank you very much……– Ron W.Ron Wheelercolloid master testimonial purchased 10-24-2001I have a colloid master that I purchased 10/24/2001. It works as well now as it did then.  Just thought I’d upgrade and give the old on to one of my kids. -Jim H.Jim HoneaCustomer Comment Wayne ASubject: great service and products. Use my real name if you want. – Wayne AWayne ArcherLoving itI have purchased a colloidal Silver generator several years ago and have been very pleased with it. It has helped me with my health, even when the Doctor could not. I have given the colloidal silver to others also when they needed help. My granddaughter recently had pneumonia and it helped her recover quickly. I have also used it when I had pneumonia. I would never be without my generator again! I have purchased the silver bars from this site twice now and they are a good deal and high quality. I trust this site to provide me with the great service and high quality products.GloriaVery Nice and simple and it works.Purchased the holder for the sliver electrodes and found it way easy to use.William BruffTestimonial from Melissa !!!!I have been using the Universal Colloid Master for over 5 years and it is still working at optimum capacity! It produces wonderful Colloidal Silver waters that all of my friends and family use daily! I am also so thrilled that I got to speak with such a knowledgeable friendly woman when I called in about the additional Colloid Master AC I just purchased. She was happy to answer any questions I had on the process creating Colloidal waters and the generator they created. This generator truly is a wish come true for myself and everyone I share the Colloidal waters with! Thank you so much for all you do!Alessandria Sabo, North Salem, New YorkSimply Amazed with Wishgranted.comI’m simply amazed every time I deal with wishgranted.com. You are so kind, courteous and the speed of your service extraordinary-second to none! I am buying my fifth machine from you; the first was for myself, still purring. The third and fourth were for two other good friends, and those machines are still going strong. When you make it for your friends they get to experience it themselves and Colloid Master colloidal silver generators, make great Christmas presents relieving me of the job of making for them. The current purchase is for my girlfriend. She has made 800 quarts with her first machine, so I got her a second one (she has a huge family, and everyone begs her for CS. She gives quarts of CS for birthdays, Christmas, etc. She also lives in a retirement community, and all the neighbors ask her for CS and she obliges (when you see results it’s almost impossible not to help). With two colloidal silver generators, she will not have to spend as much time making CS for others. She will also be making gallons at a time with her new Colloid Master, which should save her time, and we can spend more time together. Wish I could tell you all the health benefits we have found with colloidal silver, but I know that you probably can’t even let people see what I said, so sad. These Colloidal silver generators are simply the best quality for the best price bar none! Take Care, -NormNormand FryColloid MasterOver many years I have purchase several colloid Masters. Prompt shipping and reasonable prices. Customer service is top notch! Awesome company. CathiCathiBest Colloidal silver GeneratorAfter researching many different companies with much hype and advertising, I came upon wishgranted.com and immediately saw that this company was different. I read all of the documentation and details of the company and staff and was very impressed with their technical expertise and dedication to their work and products. I purchased their colloidal silver kit and it was delivered very quickly. It is top quality and generates a pure colloidal silver solution at a predictable and consistent strength. If anyone asks about which company is the best colloidal silver generator on the market, the best buy and has the highest quality instrument, it would be this one. I plan on being a regular customer in the future.Norbert GMy Machine Still Works…over a decadeI had to be one of the earliest customers…I contracted Lyme disease in the mid 1990’s while living in Connecticut. Before Lyme, in my early 40’s, robust health, in fact a ‘health-nut’… I was suddenly really very sick…tired every day…then the joint burning sensation. Searing pain. People thought I was crazy making this ‘silver thing’…from “THE INTERNET….OMG!” They tried to scare me with ” You’ll turn blue! Like The Blue Man!!!” But reason and science tells you that guy was consuming “silver salts”. In any event, I was cured. Now I did take a single course of antibiotics. That’s true. Ahhh, you say. OK So it is impossible to tell. But in my heart, I know. Why? Because in the subsequent 8 years…still taking my silver, I never got sick. Never. And my job is dealing with the general public outside New York…flu central. I had close friends from China. Fast forward, I foolishly packed away my silver maker when I moved and never unpacked it. About a year later I contracted a flu that was awful. The bottom line is I have a long term study and folks, I’m sold. Wishgranted is a bunch of great folks!Louiswishgranted dot com A Company That Careswishgranted dot com A Company That Cares: ” I have never dealt with a company that has cared as much as you all do.” – Robert S.Robert S. Newsletter: Tune into our articles about silver, crypto, body, mind, soul, tech and all things interesting FREEName*Email* SearchBe mindful of what you wish for!“Watch your thoughts; they become words. Watch your words; they become actions. Watch your actions; they become habit. Watch your habits; they become character. Watch your character; it becomes your destiny.” – Lao-TzuWelcome to the Wishgranted.com blog, we think you’re’ going to like it here! We are an unconventional group of inspired individuals that embrace nuance and unconventional perspectives… Although our focus here has primarily been about colloidal silver (the Colloid Master colloidal silver generator in particular), primarily because search-engines have made it very difficult to  not […]Author: Sara Burrows via https://returntonow.net Study suggests silver could save us from antibiotic-resistant super bugs Silver has been used to fight infection for thousands of years, now scientists are studying it as a potential solution to the epidemic of antibiotic-resistant bacteria. A 2013 study found that taking colloidal silver along with antibiotics killed up to 1000 […]How  I lost 25 pounds in weeks and felt healthier than ever before, even after a DVT and a stroke by using the The Optimal Health Recovery Diet.  How and why this system seems to also always works for others and the most likely reasons why other approaches fail or are not sustainable. By Will […]About UsWishgranted PO Box 776 Englewood Tennessee 37329
Phone: 1-423-617-0440
WANT TO LEAVE A TESTIMONIAL?
CLICK HEREDo NOT follow this link or you will be banned from the site!