http://withdigitaleyes.com/privacy-policy/
Search for:
with Digital Eyes Studio and JeriAnn Holt operates the http://withDigitalEyes.com website, which provides the SERVICE.
This page is used to inform website visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service, the with Digital Eyes Studio website.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation with this policy. The Personal Information that we collect are used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to your name, phone number, and postal address. The information that we collect will be used to contact or identify you.
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you visit our Service, we collect information that your browser sends to us that is called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser version, pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data that is commonly used an anonymous unique identifier. These are sent to your browser from the website that you visit and are stored on your computer’s hard drive.
Our website uses these “cookies” to collection information and to improve our Service. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies, and know when a cookie is being sent to your computer. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform our Service users that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
Our Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, we advise you to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately, after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
We are a Data Controller of your information.
with Digital Eyes Studio and JeriAnn Holt legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Policy depends on the Personal Information we collect and the specific context in which we collect the information:
with Digital Eyes Studio and JeriAnn Holt needs to perform a contract with you
You have given with Digital Eyes Studio and JeriAnn Holt permission to do so
Processing your personal information is in with Digital Eyes Studio and JeriAnn Holt legitimate interests
with Digital Eyes Studio and JeriAnn Holt needs to comply with the law
with Digital Eyes Studio and JeriAnn Holt will retain your personal information only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your information to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our policies.
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights. If you wish to be informed what Personal Information we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us.
In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:
The right to access, update or to delete the information we have on you.
The right of rectification.
The right to object.
The right of restriction.
The right to data portability
The right to withdraw consent
Log Files
Website with Digital Eyes Studio and JeriAnn Holt follows a standard procedure of using log files. These files log visitors when they visit websites. All hosting companies do this and a part of hosting services’ analytics. The information collected by log files include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date and time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks. These are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable. The purpose of the information is for analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users’ movement on the website, and gather
Cookies
Like any other website, Website with Digital Eyes Studio and JeriAnn Holt uses ‘cookies’. These cookies are used to store information including visitors’ preferences, and the pages on the website that the visitor accessed or visited. The information is used to optimize the users’ experience by customizing our web page content based on visitors’ browser type and/or other information.
Share this:Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
CollectionsMixed Media & Metal
Woven Wall Tapastries
Metal Transfers
Wood Transfers
Faerie Blocks
Prints
Abstract
Spiritual Paths
Landscapes
Contemporary
Functional Art
GalleriesL’attitude Art & Sculpture Gallery | Boston, MA
Ellen Robinson Designs | New York, NY
Designs for Tranquility | Frenchtown NJ
What is . . .Digital Art?
What do Digital Artists Do?
Digital Art Prints?
Original Digital Print?
Giclee vs Original?
Limited Edition?
Contact Studio
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Site designed and maintained by Holt Digital Designs
What is . . .Digital Art?
What do Digital Artists Do?
Digital Art Prints?
Original Digital Print?
Giclee vs Original?
Limited Edition?
Decorating with ColorColor Terms
Colors in art