https://wolfarmouries.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Home
|
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
The latest changes to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy demonstrate both our commitment to maintaining your trust and our dedication towards your privacy and your data. Updated May 2018.
We know that you care about your privacy and how information about you is used and shared; therefore we have taken great care to ensure that any information we hold about you is protected and used responsibly and carefully. This notice describes our privacy policy, by visiting and using the site, you indicate that you accept and consent to the practices described in this policy.
What Personal Information does Wolf Armouries Collect?
We may collect, store and use the following kinds of personal data:
Information relating to any transactions carried out between you and us on or in relation to this website, including information relating to any purchases you make of our goods or services.
Due to the nature of restricted products that we sell, we record your details to ensure that we only dispatch orders to persons who are entitled. We do not share this data any third party except couriers, to allow them to contact you during the delivery process.
During the checkout process you are required to setup a customer account. These will be stored on file for future purchases. You can contact us at any time to check or change any information held.
Information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our website services, email notifications and/or newsletters.
any other information that you choose to send to us
Does Wolf Armouries share or sell my information?
No. The information we hold about our customers is strictly protected. We will never sell personally identifiable data to a third party and shares information only within the organisation. In order to deliver your order, some information such as your name, address and some contact information will have to be passed on to our couriers, however this is limited strictly to the information they require to deliver your order.
Using your Personal Data
Personal data submitted on this website will be used for the purposes specified in this privacy policy or in relevant parts of the website.
We may use your personal information to:
administer the website
improve your browsing experience by personalising the website;
enable your use of the services available on the website;
send to you goods purchased via the website, and supply to you services purchased via the website;
send statements and invoices to you, and collect payments from you;
send you general commercial communications;
send you email notifications which you have specifically requested;
deal with enquiries and complaints made by or about you relating to the website.
Disclosures
We may disclose information about you insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes as set out in this privacy policy.
In addition, we may disclose information about you:
to the extent that we are required to do so by law.
in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings.
in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk).
Removal
If for any reason you wish to have your details removed from our system please contact us in the contact page.  However please note that if you are in the UK and have purchased an airsoft gun from us we are required by law to keep your details.
Policy Amendments
We may update this privacy policy from time-to-time by posting a new version on our website. You should check this page occasionally to ensure you understand and consent to any changes made.
Resources
Login
Account
Register
Checkout
FAQs
Game Days
Gallery
Contact Us
Sitemap
Blog
Help
About Us
Privacy & Security
Terms & Conditions
About
Wolf Armouries, one of the longest running airsoft stores in the UK, based in Camden, London, provide a huge range of airsoft guns, parts and accessories. With a focus on airsoft skirmishes and milsim events, we offer an array of combat gear and tactical equipment to make sure you are ready for the field.
Disclaimer
The material displayed on this website is provided without any guarantees, conditions or warranties as to its accuracy. Unless expressly stated to the contrary Wolf Armouries and its suppliers, content providers and advertisers hereby expressly exclude all conditions, warranties and other terms and shall not be liable for any damages whatsoever.
Your Currency:
British Pound - GBP
US Dollar - USD
Newsletter
Sign Up for Our Newsletter:
Subscribe
Copyright © 2018 Wolf Armouries Ltd. All Rights Reserved.