http://wolftrax.com/privacy-policy/
Products
All Products
Zinc
Boron
Copper
Iron
Magnesium
Manganese
Calcium
CropMix™
Protinus®
Nu-Trax P+®
3-Trax™
Innovations
Overview
EvenCoat™ Technology
PlantActiv™ Formulation
DUAL ACTION™ Availablilty
Performance
Insights
Blog
Agronomic Resources
Press Releases
English
Français
Español
Deutsch
Português
Resources
Labels & SDS
Canada
United States
Spanish (N/S America)
Blend Calculator
Agronomic Resources
Agronomic Rate Recommendations
Field Insight Data Summaries
Webinars
Nutrient Bulletins
Crop Micronutrient Guides
Equipment & Application
Instructional Videos
Demonstration Videos
Equipment Solutions
Application Support
Best Use Practices for Blending DDP
Adhesion Testing
Compatability Testing
Directions for use
Contact Us
Sales Support Materials
Brochures & Sales Sheets
Videos
Home Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
WHAT DOES THIS PRIVACY POLICY COVER?
This Privacy Policy covers our use and disclosure of your personal information, which is collected through or in connection with this Website. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, “this Website” means all the web pages related to the www.wolftrax.com site excluding any links to third party sites.
Other Compass Minerals websites may contain privacy policies, which are different from this Privacy Policy. In addition, specific terms and conditions may apply to specific content, services or products contained in or available from such other Compass Minerals websites. In the event such additional or specific terms are inconsistent with the terms contained in this Privacy Policy, the additional or specific terms shall prevail.
On your journey around the Compass Minerals websites please check the privacy policy of each website which you visit.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT AND USE?
We collect and use personal information (including name, address, telephone number and email address) in order to:
Respond to queries or requests submitted by you
Process orders or applications submitted by you
Administer or otherwise carry out our obligations in relation to any agreement you have with us
Anticipate and resolve problems with any products or services supplied to you
Better tailor and improve the features of products and services
Create products or services that may meet your needs.
As part of the products or services offered to you through our Website, the information you provide to us may be transferred to countries outside of Canada.
By way of example, this may happen if any of our servers are from time to time located in a country outside of Canada or one of our service providers is located in a country outside of Canada. These countries may not have similar data protection laws to Canada. If we transfer your information outside of Canada in this way, we will take steps to ensure that your privacy rights continue to be protected.
In addition, if you use our services while you are outside Canada, your information may be transferred outside Canada in order to provide you with those services.
We may use third parties for the fulfillment of our obligations hereunder. However, except as set out in this Privacy Policy, we will not disclose any personally identifiable information without your permission unless we are legally entitled or required to do so (for example, if required to do so by legal process or for the purposes of prevention of fraud or other crime) or if we believe that such action is necessary to protect and/or defend our rights, property or personal safety and those of our users/customers etc.
In the event another company thereof, acquires our company, or part, that company may use your personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
PROVIDING YOU WITH ADDITIONAL INFORMATION AND SHARING YOUR INFORMATION
From time to time we would like to use your personal information for purposes other than as set out in the above section. We believe that these additional uses will be of benefit to you. If at any time you wish us to stop using your information for any or all of the below purposes, please let us know (see contact information below).
We will take the necessary steps to stop the use of your information for such purposes with immediate effect.
In such case we will, however, continue to use your personal data for the purposes set out in the above section for as long as necessary to achieve such purposes.
From time to time we will use the information you supply to us for:
Market research and tracking of sales data
Informing you about our products and services, which may include contacting you by telephone
Giving the information to a Compass Minerals affiliate offices and companies, which may be located outside Canada, to enable them to send you information which may be of interest to you.
In addition, from time to time we would like to give your name, address and e-mail and any other personal data you supply to us to carefully selected third parties, which may be located outside of Canada. These third parties may use this information for:
Market research and tracking of sales data
Sending you information about their products and services
Giving the information to their affiliate offices and companies to enable them to send you information, which may be of interest to you.
COLLECTION OF NON-PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may automatically collect non-personal information about you such as the type of Internet browsers you use or the website from which you linked to our Website. We may also aggregate details, which you have submitted to the Website (for example, your age and the town where you live). You cannot be identified from this information and it is only used to assist us in providing an effective service on this web site.
We may from time to time supply third parties with this non-personal or aggregated data for uses in connection with this Website.
THE USE OF COOKIES
We may store some information (commonly known as a “cookie”) on your computer when you look at our Website. We are able to read these cookies for information purposes when you revisit our Website.
The type of information we collect as a result of a cookie being accepted by you is specific to your PC and includes the IP address, the date and time the PC visited the Website, what parts of our Website were looked at and whether the web pages requested were delivered successfully. This information is anonymous; it represents a computer rather than a person.
We use the cookie information to improve our knowledge of the use of our Website and to enable us to be able to ascertain whether the Website is operating at an optimal level. This allows us to enhance our web offerings to you and to provide an enjoyable and an innovative online experience.
You can erase or block this information by changing the settings on your computer (please refer to your help screens or manuals). If you do erase or block this information you may not be able to utilize some features of the Website.
SECURITY OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We have implemented technology and policies with the objective of protecting your privacy from unauthorized access and improper use and will update these measures as new technology becomes available, as appropriate.
USE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION SUBMITTED TO OTHER WEBSITES
We cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of other websites even if:
You accessed the third party website using links from our Website; or
You linked to our Website from a third party website.
We recommend that you check the policy of each site you visit and contact the owner or operator of such website if you have any concerns or questions.
SPECIAL NOTICE IF YOU ARE UNDER 18 YEARS OLD
Compass Minerals does not intentionally collect personal data of persons under 18 years old. If you are under 18 years old please do not send us your personal information (for example, your name, address and email address). If you are under 18 years old and you wish to ask a question or use this Website in anyway which requires you to submit your personal information please get your parent or guardian to do so on your behalf.
WILL THIS PRIVACY POLICY CHANGE?
From time to time we may make changes to this Privacy Policy. If we make any substantial changes to this Privacy Policy and the way in which we use your personal data we will post these changes on this page and will do our best to notify you of any significant changes. Please check our Privacy Policy on a regular basis.