http://woodeninnovations.com/privacy/
Wooden Innovations
Skip to content
HomeAbout
Contact
Links
Privacy
Products
Sale
Wood Samples
Privacy
Your privacy is important to us.
It is Wooden Innovations policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website. Accordingly, we have developed this privacy policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate, disclose and otherwise make use of personal information. We have outlined our privacy policy below.
We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
We will collect and use personal information solely for fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other ancillary purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
We will protect personal information by using reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
We will only retain personal information for as long as necessary for the fulfilment of those purposes.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained. Wooden Innovations may change this privacy policy from time to time at Wooden Innovations sole discretion.
Search for:
Categories
Custom Windows
Special Sales
Woodworking
Recent Posts
June and July Summer Sale 2018
November 2017 Custom Window Special
October 2017 Specials
August Special
Welcome to Wooden Innovations
TagsAugust Special
Custom Windows
November 2017
October
Special
Summer sale
trinket boxes
WoodWorking
Pages
About
Contact
Links
Privacy
Products
Bandsaw Boxes
“Whale Play” Jewelry Box
Trinket Box Collection
Ring Box
Ring Box 2
Trinket Box 1
Trinket Box 2
Trinket Box 3
Trinket Box 4
Trinket Box Round
Sale
Wood Samples
Archives
June 2018
October 2017
September 2017
August 2017
June 2017
Wooden Innovations · Handmade Wooden Gifts
Proudly powered by WordPress
·
Theme: Pilcrow by Automattic.