https://woodstoves.net/policies.html
Search
Advanced Search
Wood Burning Products
Commercial Wood Boilers
Wood Boilers
Wood Cookstoves
Wood Fireplaces
Outdoor Wood Fireplaces
See-Thru Wood Fireplaces
Commercial Wood Furnaces
Wood Furnaces
Wood Inserts
Wood Soapstone Stoves
Wood Stoves Pellet Burning Products
Multi-Fuel / Corn Stoves
Commercial Pellet Boilers
Pellet Boilers
Pellet Furnaces
Pellet Inserts
Pellet Stoves Gas Burning Products
Gas Cookstoves
Gas Furnaces
Gas Boilers
Gas Fireplaces
See-Thru Gas Fireplaces
Gas Fireplaces - Outdoor
Gas Inserts
Gas Stoves Coal Burning Products
Commercial Coal Boilers
Commercial Coal Furnaces
Coal Boilers and Furnaces
Coal Stoves
Coal Boilers Biomass
Commercial Biomass Boilers
Commercial Biomass Furnaces
Biomass Boilers and Furnaces
Biomass Stoves Electric Products
Electric Refrigerators
Electric Dishwashers
Electric Furnaces
Electric Cookstoves
Electric Fireplaces Oil Burning Products
Commercial Waste Oil Boilers
Waste Oil Boilers & Furnaces Miscellaneous
Alternative Energy
Custom Range Hoods
BBQ Grills
Boiler Parts
Chimney Pipe
Cookstove Community
Cookstove Forums
Hot Tubs
Patio Heaters
Pizza Ovens
Pools
Sauna Heaters
Saunas
Stove Parts
Range Boilers Discontinued Products
Discontinued Wood Boilers
Discontinued Pellet Products
Discontinued Coal Products
Discontinued Wood Products
Discontinued Gas Products
Help Links & Information
Tax Incentives
Cookstoves in Washington
Installations
Wood Heating
The EPA and Woodstoves
The EPA and Wood Boilers
Wood Boiler Regulations: F.A.Q
Chimney Q&A
Chimney Installation Configurator
Contact Us
800-968-8604 Toll Free
406-300-1776 Local
888-317-0987 Fax
Email:
sales@woodstoves.net
Hours 8 am - 5 pm (Mountain time)
Monday thru Friday
Showroom
1660 Whalebone Dr.
Kalispell, MT 59901
Showroom By Appointment
Not all Products are stocked or displayed.
Social Networking
Check us out on:
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Additional Resources
www.discountstoves.net
www.stove-parts.net
www.cookstoves.net
www.wood-boilers.net
www.wildfirefighters.com
Chimney Configurator
Obadiah's Memberships
Thursday, December 10, 2020
COMPANY POLICY TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Customer Agreement Form
PRIVACY NOTICE
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for www.woodstoves.net and www.discountstoves.net. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this web site. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
INFORMATION COLLECTION, USE, AND SHARING: We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you with regard to the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order, or to process a warranty claim.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
YOUR ACCESS TO AND CONTROL OVER INFORMATION: You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
SECURITY: We take precautions to protect your information. We never have you submit sensitive information via the Internet. Our website, www.discountstoves..net has been validated to have a secure SSL certificate which provides industry standard data encryption of information transferred from your computer to the website.
We are careful to protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
THIRD PARTY LINKS: This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 800-968-8604 or via email.
PRICES:  Quoted prices on merchandise are valid for 7 days unless otherwise specified.  Freight quotes are based on the warehouse they will ship from.  We will always ship from the warehouse nearest to the customer's shipping address.  If product availability changes before we receive payment for an order, the customer will be notified as to a delay in shipment until that warehouse has product availability again.  If the product is available in another warehouse, the customer will be notified of a change in the freight cost.  The customer may then choose immediate delivery and pay the increased freight cost.  The customer may also choose to delay delivery until the closest warehouse is able to ship the product.  Credit card payment and bank wire transfers guarantee the freight quote will not change if the order is placed the same day the quote is given.
ORDERS:  Must be accompanied with payment in full. Stove orders that have a lead time of 4 or more weeks require a non-refundable $200 deposit. Most cookstoves are built to order and therefore require a deposit.
PAYMENT OPTIONS:  Only U.S. Dollars are accepted. Visa, Master Card, Discover and American Express are accepted.  (With credit card payment the product will be shipped the following day, or as soon as it is available for shipment.) Bank wire transfers are accepted and the product can be shipped the following day funds are received, or as soon as the order is available for shipment after full payment is received.
SHIPPING of STOVES, FIREPLACES, FURNACES  Please call or email for a freight quote.  (Some products include free shipping as specified.) We can arrange shipments to residential addresses if it can be accessed by a freight truck.  Truck sizes range from a 28' straight truck to a 53' tractor trailer (a semi). We will always request the smallest truck available. If you specify that only a straight truck can access your street or driveway, we will do our best to secure a straight truck. They are not available in all areas. If a straight trucks is available through a different carrier, there could be an additional charge for for this service. If there is an additional charge, you will be notified and given various options for delivery. Shipments can also be picked up at a freight dock. The docks are typically located in large cities. You can also meet a truck to take delivery if you have a pick up truck or a trailer capable of loading your shipment onto. If residential delivery is specified, the truck will have a lift gate to unload the merchandise off the truck. Often times, the driver will use a dolly or a pallet jack to bring the merchandise up your drive way. If the drive way is not paved, the driver may not be able to wheel the merchandise and will remove it from his truck and it will be the purchaser's responsibility to move it further. Freight trucks are hesitant to enter a customer's driveway as they do not want to be responsible for the weight of the truck damaging concrete or asphalt. In this case, they will unload at the curb and it is the responsibility of the purchaser (also called consignee on a delivery) to move the merchandise further. The customer (consignee) is responsible to take delivery within 48 hours of the product arriving at your local terminal. If customer is not available, storage fees will be accrued and billed to the customer if delivery cannot be accepted in a reasonable time. If the trucking company attempts delivery and no one is there to receive the shipment, a redelivery charge will be billed to the customer before the shipment can be redelivered.
INSPECTION OF MERCHANDISE:  When you receive an item that is shipped to you, be sure to open the box or crate and inspect the merchandise thoroughly before accepting and signing for the delivery. If you discover upon inspection that the merchandise is damaged, make a notation on the bill of lading describing the damage.  If the product is severely damaged and not repairable, simply refuse to accept the delivery and we will replace that item at no additional cost to you once it has been returned to us from the freight company. If you are unsure whether to accept the shipment, contact Obadiah's while the delivery company is still present. Obadiah's cannot be held responsible for any costs incurred to replace or repair damaged merchandise that has been accepted and signed for by the purchaser.
DEFECTIVE MERCHANDISE:  Defective merchandise is a product which you receive that was not damaged during shipment, but has a flaw or some feature that does not work properly.  In the event that you discover a defect, you must contact Obadiah's to disclose the problem.  Obadiah's will then determine if the problem can be corrected without the product being shipped back.  If the defect cannot be corrected on site, a return goods authorization number will be issued to the customer and the item must be returned within 10 days. Merchandise will not be accepted by Obadiah's without a return goods authorization number.  Obadiah's will arrange prepaid freight or accept a product freight collect if a return authorization number has been issued.  At our option, Obadiah's will either service the product to repair it, replace the product with a new product of the same model, or issue a credit to the customer for another purchase.  It is the customer's responsibility to properly re-package the item for return shipping so that it does not incur damage in transit.  Re-packaging charges are not covered under warranty or the defective merchandise policy.
CANCELATION FEE:
A cancellation fee of 2% will be added to any order canceled after a credit card has been processed.   An order cannot be cancelled once it has been shipped. (See return policy) If we are unable to deliver a product within a 30 day period (cook stoves are excluded), then no cancellation fee will be applied should the customer cancel the order. If you are notified that the lead time is more than 30 days, then the cancellation fee will apply if you choose to cancel before shipment.
RETURN POLICY: Obadiah's offers a 30 day return policy on most items.  We will make every attempt to make sure that your purchase is well suited for your situation if you contact us for product information or for advice.  If, however, you decide that you want to return the merchandise, you must first contact Obadiah's for a returned goods authorization number.  The returned merchandise will be subject to our inspection.  All merchandise must be shipped freight prepaid by the customer or it will not be accepted.  It must be returned undamaged, unused and in the original packaging.  If the returned merchandise meets all the qualifications, a credit will be issued for the amount of the purchase which can be applied to another purchase from Obadiah's.
RESTOCKING FEE:  There is a 20% restocking fee on all returned merchandise.  Returns must be authorized in advance by Obadiah's and the customer must ship the goods prepaid according to the above return policy. In come cases, no restocking fee will be charged.
LIABILITY: We will not be responsible for any damages due to shipping delays, product availability, acts of God or any other direct losses or associated losses caused.  Obadiah's assumes no liability arising from the use, or mis-operation of any products purchased from us and at no time shall be responsible for any amount greater than the purchase price of said products.
INSTALLATION AND LOCAL CODES:
Building codes vary from place to place. Before making a purchase, check all local codes to make sure your purchase will meet with local standards and can be installed. Obadiah's cannot be held responsible for knowing the specifics of your local codes. Returns due to improper purchase must be processed under the guidelines found in these Terms of Use.
For your state building codes, visit https://www.buildingsguide.com/blog/resources-building-codes-state/ or contact your local building department for assistance.
Installation manuals contain the most up to date information and accurate measurements for installation. Do not rely on other information found online or in brochures for installation requirements.
TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE:  We will always be glad to offer assistance to you, should the need arise. Simply call us during our business hours and a customer service representative will be glad to assist you.  For assistance, please call our toll free number and have the following information available for our technician:
1.Make and model
2.Serial number and date purchased
3.Type of fuel
4.How the unit is vented
5.Nature of the problem
6.By whom and how the problem was diagnosed.
7.Was unit professionally installed?
We will try to help you correct your problem to the best of our ability.  Recommendations will be made based upon the information you provide. Please be as concise and accurate as possible.
For further questions regarding these policies, please call us toll free at:
1-800-968-8604
Email: Information Request
COPYRIGHT
All content included or used on this site is the property of Obadiah's Woodstoves and Alternative Energy LLC or its content suppliers and protected by United States and international copyright laws. The compilation of all content on this site is the exclusive property of Obadiah's Woodstoves and Alternative Energy LLC and is protected by U.S. and international copyright laws.
TRADEMARKS
Graphics, logos, page headers, button icons, scripts, and service names used on this site are trademarks, registered trademarks or trade dress of Obadiah's Woodstoves and Alternative Energy LLC or its affiliates in the U.S. and/or other countries. You may not use these trademarks and trade dress. All other trademarks not owned by Obadiah's Woodstoves and Alternative Energy LLC or its affiliates that appear on this site are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with connected to, or sponsored by Obadiah's Woodstoves and Alternative Energy LLCor its affiliates.
Use your browser's back button to return to last page...
Home
About Us |
Policies
Copyright © Obadiah's Woodstoves - All Rights Reserved
1660 Whalebone Dr., Kalispell, MT 59901 (showroom by appointment)
Search
Heat Area (sq.ft.)
--Select Heat Area Range--
250-500
500-750
750-1000
1000-1250
1250-1500
1500-2000
2000-2500
2500-3000
3000-3500
3500-4000
4000-4500
4500-5000
5000-5500
5500-6000
6000-7000
7000-8000
8000-9000
9000-10000
10000+ (Commercial Applications)
Fireplace Specific Options
Fuel
Biomass
Coal
Electric
Gas
Oil
Pellet
Wood
Style
Traditional
Contemporary
Material
Cast Iron
Steel
Soapstone
Color
Black
Grey
White
Red
Brown
Soapstone
Gold
Nickel
Green
Blue
Cooktop Material
Steel
Enamel
Stainless Steel
Glass
Cast Iron
Water Heating Options
Hydronic Stove
Domestic Hot Water
Water Reservoir
Flue Orientation
Top Vent
Rear Vent
Characteristics
Catlaytic
Outside Air
Mobile Home Approved
Warming Oven
Venting (Gas Stoves)
Vent Free
Direct Vent
Design
High Efficiency
Decorative
Viewing Area
Single-Sided
See-Through
Peninsula
Corner
Island
Interior Style
Traditional Brick
Herringbone Brick
Reflective Panels - Black