https://woodcrafter.com/terms-and-conditions/
Home
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
Woodcrafter.com Terms
Welcome to WWW.WOODCRAFTER.COM. Please review the following basic rules This Site is provided as a service to be used by our customers.  Please become familiar with our conditions and rules before using this site. Any questions, do not hesitate to contact us.
Terms And General Information
Website Pricing:
Your phone order pricing maybe slightly different than website pricing, as the www.Woodcrafter.comwebsite is considered a self-service Online Store. Also the Online Store price increases are usually delayed. Phone orders will be given the up-to-date pricing currently listed from our suppliers.
Please note:
Sale prices are for Online orders only.  One discount per order, including wholesale accounts.
Sale prices do not apply to faxed orders, purchase orders or phone orders.
In stock items only. No backorders. We will attempt to fill your order completely, and will
ship what is in stock.  Due to high volume sales, stock counts are not always exact.
Pricing  Errors do not constitute an agreement with Woodcrafter.com to fulfill any order.
Minimum Order:
Woodcrafter.com does not require a minimum order. All Orders are Greatly Appreciated
Bulk Items:
The bulk wooden items are weighed and spot checked manually.  The count is pretty accurate, usually up or down by a few pieces. Please plan accordingly. We are unable to reship, if your package of 100 is short one or two beads, screws or other tiny parts. Usuallly the count will be over.    Most bulk  item are available in packages of 10 or 100. If you put a 10 in your shopping cart, you will receive 10 packages of the particular item.
Orders:
Call: 704-663-2895,  Fax: 1-704-663-7097  Online: https://woodcrafter.com/
Out Of Stock:
We try to fill each order completely. There are times when this is impossible. During the processing of your order, if we find items you requested either out of stock or discontinued, we will pack what products we have and ship your order without the out-of-stock products. A reimbursement will be given to your method of payment. You will be requested to place these items, if not discontinued, on your next order. This is not the norm, but does happen on occasion during sales. We apologize for this inconvenience.
Payment Terms:
We accept American Express, Discover, Visa, Mastercard, or PayPal
Small Children And Our Products:
The majority of our products are small parts, screws, beads, or tin with pointed edges etc.  These are not designed, nor are they safe to be used by small children.  Please keep all small craft supplies and tiny wooden parts away from young children.  We care about their safety.
Address Errors:
If we are imposed a shipping service charge due to your incorrect input on the website, the cost
will be forwarded on to you. Please input correct street numbers and zip codes.
Backorders:
We request that out of stock items be placed on your next order.  We Do Not Backorder.
Quality Guarantee:
If you aren't 100% satisfied with the quality of products shipped to you, simply
return the merchandise within 30 days of your invoice date for credit or replacement.
Product must be in original packaging and not opened.
Returns:
No credit or refunds after 30 days.  All shortages or errors must be reported within 7 days.
If we make a mistake, we will take care of the shipping charges.  If you are returning
merchandise for some other reason, you are responsible for the return shipping charges.
All Returns Must Be Pre-approved. There is a restocking charge of 10%  Thank you!
Paint Brushes, Painting Books & Paints are non-returnable.
Shipping:
Continental United States: UPS or US Postal Service Priority Mail Insured.
Canadian Customers:  UPS or US Postal Service Air Parcel Post Insured if requested
Military Addresses, Hawaii and Alaska:  Priority Mail unless otherwise requested
International: Global Express  or Air Parcel Post unless otherwise requested. A special note to our International friends. Although we have the freight charges list on the website. They are there only as an estimated freight guide. International orders will be charged according to the actual weight of the packages after they are packaged and put on the scales not by the prices listed on the website..
Shipping Alaska, Hawaii & International Customers:  Your orders will be shipped priority mail or
Aerosol Products:
Due to shipping regulations, aerosol products may only be shipped UPS ground to our Continental
United States customers. No Postal, International or Air Shipments of Aerosol Products.
Custom Cutouts:
If you request us to cut a product a certain size, please realize these are maximum dimensions of the piece and are not the size of certain parts of the drawing. Please contact us with any questions regarding size, we will send you a PDF document with the actual size of the piece prior to cutting. We want you to get exactly what you want and have no problems changing dimensions prior to cutting your product.
* Prices are subject to change without notice.
</>  </>
Please note that your use of our Site constitutes your unconditional agreement to follow and be bound by these Terms and Conditions. Although you may "bookmark" a particular portion of this Site and thereby bypass this Agreement, your use of this Site still binds you to the Terms. WWW.WOODCRAFTER.COMreserves the right to update or modify these Terms and Conditions at any time without prior notice. Your use of the WWW.WOODCRAFTER.COMWeb site following any such change constitutes your unconditional agreement to follow and be bound by the Terms and Conditions as changed. For this reason, we encourage you to review these Terms and Conditions whenever you use this Web site.Copyrights
Unless otherwise noted, all materials, including images, text, illustrations and designs that are part of this Site are copyrights, trademarks, and/or other intellectual property owned, controlled or licensed by WWW.WOODCRAFTER.COM. one of its affiliates or by third parties who have licensed their materials to WWW.WOODCRAFTER.COM. and are protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. All content on this site is the exclusive property of WWW.WOODCRAFTER.COM. and is also protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. The WWW.WOODCRAFTER.COMnames and logos and all related product and service names, design marks and slogans are the trademarks or service marks of WWW.WOODCRAFTER.COMAll other marks are the property of their respective companies. No trademark or service mark license is granted in connection with the materials contained on this website. Access to this website does not authorize anyone to use any name, logo or mark in any manner.  References on this Web site to any names, marks, products or services of third parties or hypertext links to third party sites or information are provided solely as a convenience to you and do not in any way constitute or imply WWW.WOODCRAFTER.COM., endorsement, sponsorship or recommendation of the third party, information, product or service.
General Web Site Info
If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall be reformed only to the extent necessary to make it enforceable and the other terms of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. The failure of Company to act with respect to a breach of this Agreement by you or others does not constitute a waiver and shall not limit Company's rights with respect to such breach or any subsequent breaches. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed under North Carolina law as such law applies to agreements between North Carolina residents entered into and to be performed within North Carolina. Any action or proceeding arising out of or related to this Agreement or your use of this Site must be brought in the state or federal courts of  North Carolina.
WWW.WOODCRAFTER.COMis not responsible for the content of any third party sites and does not make any representations regarding the content or accuracy of material on such sites. If you decide to link to any such third party web sites, you do so entirely at your own risk.  Use of Woodcrafter.com Site
This Site and all its Contents are intended solely for personal, non-commercial use. You may download or copy the Contents and other downloadable materials displayed on the Site for your personal use only. No right, title or interest in any downloaded materials or software is transferred to you as a result of any such downloading or copying. You may not reproduce (except as noted above), publish, transmit, distribute, display, modify, create derivative works from, sell or participate in any sale of or exploit in any way, in whole or in part, any of the Contents, the Site. The content and software on this site may be used only as a shopping resource. Any other use, including the reproduction, modification, distribution, transmission, republication, display, or performance, of the content on this site is strictly prohibited.  Web Site Security
Users are prohibited from violating or attempting to violate the security of the Site, including, accessing data not intended for such user or logging onto a server or an account which the user is not authorized to access; attempting to interfere with service to any user, host or network, including, without limitation, via means of submitting a virus to the Site, overloading, "flooding," "spamming," "mailbombing" or "crashing;" sending unsolicited email, including promotions and/or advertising of products or services;  Violations of system or network security may result in civil or criminal liability. The Company will investigate occurrences that may involve such violations and may involve, and cooperate with, law enforcement authorities in prosecuting users who are involved in such violations. You agree not to use any device, software or routine to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of this Site or any activity being conducted on this site. You agree, further, not to use or attempt to use any engine, software, tool, agent or other device or mechanism (including without limitation browsers, spiders, robots, avatars or intelligent agents) to navigate or search this Site other than the search engine and search agents available from Company on this Site and other than generally available third party web browsers (e.g., Netscape Navigator, Microsoft Explorer).
Shoppers Comments
WWW.WOODCRAFTER.COM. is and shall be under no obligation  to maintain any Comments in confidence;  to pay to user any compensation for any Comments; or to respond to any user Comments. You agree that no Comments submitted by you to the Site will violate any right of any third party, including copyright, trademark, privacy or other personal or proprietary right. You further agree that no Comments submitted by you to the Site will be or contain libelous or otherwise unlawful, abusive or obscene material. You are and shall remain solely responsible for the content of any Comments you make. We welcome your comments regarding the WWW.WOODCRAFTER.COM. Web site. However, any comments, feedback, notes, messages, ideas, suggestions or other communications submitted by you shall be and remain the exclusive property of WWW.WOODCRAFTER.COM. Your submission of any such Comments shall constitute an assignment to WWW.WOODCRAFTER.COM. of all worldwide rights, titles and interests in all copyrights and other intellectual property rights in the Comments. WWW.WOODCRAFTER.COM. will be entitled to use, reproduce, disclose, publish and distribute any material you submit for any purpose whatsoever, without restriction and without compensating you in any way. For this reason, we ask that you not send us any comments that you do not wish to assign to us, including any confidential information or any original creative materials such as stories, product ideas, computer code or original artwork.  This site is provided as a service to our customers. Please review the following basic rules that govern your use of our Site. Please note that your use of our Site constitutes your unconditional agreement to follow and be bound by these Terms and Conditions. Although you may "bookmark" a particular portion of this Site and thereby bypass this Agreement, your use of this Site still binds you to the Terms. WWW.WOODCRAFTER.COMreserves the right to update or modify these Terms and Conditions at any time without prior notice. Your use of the WWW.WOODCRAFTER.COMWeb site following any such change constitutes your unconditional agreement to follow and be bound by the Terms and Conditions as changed. For this reason, we encourage you to review these Terms and Conditions whenever you use this Web site.
Images And Colors
We have made every effort to display as accurately as possible the colors of our products that appear on the Site. However, as the actual colors you see will depend on your monitor, we cannot guarantee that your monitor's display of any color will be accurate. The information on the instruction/project sheets is presented as a public service & in good faith, but no warranty or guarantee whatsoever is given or implied.
WWW.WOODCRAFTER.COMdisclaims all liability from any injury to anyone undertaking the construction of any project as a result of improper or inadequate safety precautions. Since we have no control over physical conditions surrounding the application of information herein contained, WWW.WOODCRAFTER.COMdisclaims any liability for untoward results.  You agree to defend, indemnify and hold WWW.WOODCRAFTER.COM. harmless from and against any and all claims, damages, costs and expenses, including attorneys' fees, arising from or related to your use of the Site These terms are effective unless and until terminated by either you or WWW.WOODCRAFTER.COM. You may terminate this Agreement at any time, provided that you discontinue any further use of this Site. WWW.WOODCRAFTER.COM. also may terminate this Agreement at any time and may do so immediately without notice, and accordingly deny you access to the Site, if in WWW.WOODCRAFTER.COM. sole discretion you fail to comply with any term or provision of this Agreement. Upon any termination of the Agreement by either you or WWW.WOODCRAFTER.COM  you must promptly destroy all materials downloaded or otherwise obtained from this Site, as well as all copies of such materials, whether made under the terms of use or otherwise. These terms are effective unless and until terminated by either you orWWW.WOODCRAFTER.COM. You may terminate this Agreement at any time, provided that you discontinue any further use of this Site. WWW.WOODCRAFTER.COM. also may terminate this Agreement at any time and may do so immediately without notice, and accordingly deny you access to the Site, if in WWW.WOODCRAFTER.COM. sole discretion you fail to comply with any term or provision of this Agreement. Upon any termination of the Agreement by either you or WWW.WOODCRAFTER.COM., you must promptly destroy all materials downloaded or otherwise obtained from this Site, as well as all copies of such materials, whether made under the terms of use or otherwise. Disclaimer
THIS SITE IS PROVIDED BYWWW.WOODCRAFTER.COM ON AN "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS. WWW.WOODCRAFTER.COM.. MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE OPERATION OF THE SITE OR THE INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS, OR PRODUCTS INCLUDED ON THIS SITE. TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY APPLICABLE LAW, WWW.WOODCRAFTER.COM. DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, WWW.WOODCRAFTER.COMDISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, FOR ANY MERCHANDISE OFFERED ON THIS SITE. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE, BY YOUR USE OF THE WWW.WOODCRAFTER.COMWEB SITE, THAT YOUR USE OF THE SITE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. THIS DISCLAIMER DOES NOT APPLY TO ANY PRODUCT WARRANTY OFFERED BY THE MANUFACTURER OF THE ITEM. THIS DISCLAIMER CONSTITUTES AN ESSENTIAL PART OF THIS AGREEMENT. SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON HOW LONG AN IMPLIED WARRANTY LASTS, SO THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
Limitation of Liability
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES AND UNDER NO LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY, CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, SHALL WWW.WOODCRAFTER.COMOR ANY OF ITS EMPLOYEES, DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, AGENTS, VENDORS OR SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE TO YOU OR TO ANY OTHER PERSON FOR ANY INDIRECT, LOSSES OR DAMAGES OF ANY NATURE ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OF WWW.WOODCRAFTER.COM WEB SITE, INCLUDING, DAMAGES FOR LOST PROFITS,  LOSS OF DATA, OR COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION, EVEN IF AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF WWW.WOODCRAFTER.COM. HAS BEEN ADVISED OF OR SHOULD HAVE KNOWN OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. IN NO EVENT WILL WWW.WOODCRAFTER.COM. BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES IN EXCESS OF THE FEES PAID BY YOU IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE OF THE SITE DURING THE TWELVE MONTH PERIOD PRECEDING THE DATE ON WHICH THE CLAIM AROSE.
Customer Photo and Video Sharing Terms of Use
These Terms of Use govern your conduct associated with the Customer Photo and Video Sharing service offered by Woodcrafter.com (the "CPVS Service"). To the extent there is any conflict between WoodCrafter.com's Privacy Policy and these Terms of Use, these Terms of Use shall control with respect to the CPVS Service.
By submitting any content to WoodCrafter.com, you represent and warrant that:
you are the sole author and owner of the intellectual property rights thereto;
all "moral rights" that you may have in such content have been voluntarily waived by you;
all content that you post is accurate;
you are at least 13 years old;
use of the content you supply does not violate these Terms of Use and will not cause injury to any person or entity.
You further agree and warrant that you shall not submit, upload, post, transmit or distribute any content:
that is known by you to be false, inaccurate or misleading;
that infringes any third party's copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret or other proprietary rights or rights of publicity or privacy;
that violates any law, statute, ordinance or regulation (including, but not limited to, those governing export control, consumer protection, unfair competition, anti-discrimination or false advertising);
that is, or may reasonably be considered to be, abusive, obscene, profane, indecent, defamatory, libelous, hateful, racially or religiously biased or offensive, unlawfully threatening or unlawfully harassing to any individual, partnership or corporation;
for which you were compensated or granted any consideration by any third party;
that includes any information that references other websites, addresses, email addresses, passwords, contact information or phone numbers;
that contains any computer viruses, spyware, worms or other potentially damaging computer programs or files.
For any content that you submit, you grant WoodCrafter.com a perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, transferable right and license to use, copy, modify, delete in its entirety, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, and/or distribute such content, and/or incorporate such content into any form, medium or technology throughout the world without compensation to you. You further agree that WoodCrafter.com shall have the unrestricted right to use any ideas or information contained in any content that you submit, or materials or ideas similar to them, in any medium, now and in the future, without notice, compensation or other obligation to you or any other person. You further release and waive all claims against WoodCrafter.com with respect to any intellectual property or other proprietary rights, rights of publicity and privacy, rights of attribution, or any other liability under the governing law of the United States.
Any content that you submit to WoodCrafter.com may or may not be published or used by WoodCrafter.com. WoodCrafter.com reserves the right to edit, condense or delete any submitted content that is ultimately posted on WoodCrafter.com's website if WoodCrafter.com deems, in its sole discretion, that such content violates these Terms of Use. WoodCrafter.com does not guarantee that you will have any recourse through WoodCrafter.com to edit or delete any content you have submitted. WoodCrafter.com may also need to provide disclosures with respect to any content submitted and published by WoodCrafter.com. WoodCrafter.com reserves the right to remove or to refuse to post any submission for any reason. You acknowledge that you, not WoodCrafter.com, are responsible for the contents of your submission. None of the content that you submit shall be subject to any obligation of confidence on the part of WoodCrafter.com, its agents, subsidiaries, affiliates, partners or third party service providers and their respective directors, officers and employees.
By submitting a photo or video, you agree that WoodCrafter.com may contact you about your photo or video and for other administrative purposes. WoodCrafter.com may share your comments [along with identifying information] to our third-party service providers, solely for customer service purposes. By submitting a photo or video, any information you submit may be directed to a third party site administered and hosted by a third party vendor retained by WoodCrafter.com provided that, in such event, the third party vendor will have no right to use any such information other than uses necessary to fulfill its services to WoodCrafter.com.
WoodCrafter.com  DOES NOT MAKE ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES ABOUT THE PHOTO OR VIDEO SUBMISSION PROCESS, OR ANY RELATED WEBSITE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. THE PHOTO AND VIDEO SUBMISSION PROCESS IS MADE AVAILABLE TO YOU "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" AND WoodCrafter.com DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THEY WILL BE FREE OF DEFECTS.
Under no circumstances shall WoodCrafter.com and/or its affiliates be liable for any damages or injury, including any direct, special, incidental, consequential, punitive or other damages, that may result from the use of, or inability to use, the photo and video submission process, or any related website, whether in an action of contract, tort, strict liability or negligence, or other actions, arising out of or in connection with the use or performance of the photo and video submission process, or any related website, even if WoodCrafter.com has been advised of the possibility of such damages. These include but are not limited to damages or injury caused by error, omission, interruption, defect, failure of performance, delay in operation or transmission, line failure or computer virus, worm, Trojan horse or other harmful component.
You agree to indemnify and hold WoodCrafter.com (and their respective officers, directors, agents, subsidiaries, joint ventures, employees and third-party service providers, including but not limited to Together Mobile, Inc.), harmless from all claims, demands, and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of a breach of your representations and warranties set forth above, or your violation of any law or the rights of a third party.
These Terms of Use and their enforcement shall be governed by the laws of the North Carolina Government excluding its conflict of laws provisions. You agree to submit to jurisdiction in North Carolina and further agree that any cause of action arising under these Terms of Use may be brought in a court in Statesville, Iredell County, North Carolina, and you hereby accept and submit to the personal jurisdiction of these courts with respect to any legal actions, suits or proceedings arising out of these Terms of Use.
Privacy Policy
We respect your privacy. Any and all information collected on this site will be kept strictly confidential and will not be sold, disclosed to third parties or reused without your permission. Any information you give to us will be held with care and will not be used in ways that you have not consented to.
Web Site Security
Users are prohibited from violating or attempting to violate the security of the Site, including, accessing data not intended for such user or logging onto a server or an account which the user is not authorized to access; attempting to interfere with service to any user, host or network, including, without limitation, via means of submitting a virus to the Site, overloading, "flooding," "spamming," "mailbombing" or "crashing;" sending unsolicited email, including promotions and/or advertising of products or services; Violations of system or network security may result in civil or criminal liability. The Company will investigate occurrences that may involve such violations and may involve, and cooperate with, law enforcement authorities in prosecuting users who are involved in such violations. You agree not to use any device, software or routine to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of this Site or any activity being conducted on this site. You agree, further, not to use or attempt to use any engine, software, tool, agent or other device or mechanism (including without limitation browsers, spiders, robots, avatars or intelligent agents) to navigate or search this Site other than the search engine and search agents available from Company on this Site and other than generally available third party web browsers (e.g., Netscape Navigator, Microsoft Explorer).
Shoppers Comments
WWW.WOODCRAFTER.COM. is and shall be under no obligation to maintain any Comments in confidence; to pay to user any compensation for any Comments; or to respond to any user Comments. You agree that no Comments submitted by you to the Site will violate any right of any third party, including copyright, trademark, privacy or other personal or proprietary right. You further agree that no Comments submitted by you to the Site will be or contain libelous or otherwise unlawful, abusive or obscene material. You are and shall remain solely responsible for the content of any Comments you make. We welcome your comments regarding the WWW.WOODCRAFTER.COM. Web site. However, any comments, feedback, notes, messages, ideas, suggestions or other communications submitted by you shall be and remain the exclusive property ofWWW.WOODCRAFTER.COM. Your submission of any such Comments shall constitute an assignment toWWW.WOODCRAFTER.COM. of all worldwide rights, titles and interests in all copyrights and other intellectual property rights in the Comments. WWW.WOODCRAFTER.COM. will be entitled to use, reproduce, disclose, publish and distribute any material you submit for any purpose whatsoever, without restriction and without compensating you in any way. For this reason, we ask that you not send us any comments that you do not wish to assign to us, including any confidential information or any original creative materials such as stories, product ideas, computer code or original artwork.
COOKIES:
A cookie is a small file, which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We and our third party partners may set and use cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyze data about our web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but can usually modify your browser settings to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
×
OK