https://woodenski.com/privacy-policy/
2Neat Books - Privacy Policy - Geology & Natural History publications for sale
brenda@woodenski.com
HomeUSGS Bulletins 1-1,099 Bulletins 1,100 + Circulars (out of print) Open-File Reports OFR Professional Papers 1-699 Professional Papers 700+ Water Res. Investigations Rpts Water Supply Papers USGS MAPS GP – Geophysical Invest. Maps GQ – Geologic Quadrangle Maps HA – Hydrologic Investig’ns Maps I – Misc. Investigations Maps MF – Misc. Field Studies Maps MR – Mineral Resource Maps OC, OM – Oil and Gas MapsUSBM Bulletins, Technical Papers, and non-series reports Information Circulars Reports of InvestigationUS States WESTERN STATES Arizona California California Open-File Reports Colorado Idaho Montana Nevada New Mexico Oregon Utah Washington Wyoming OTHER REGIONS (on sale) Alaska and Hawaii Midwest Northeast South-Central SoutheastNGOs AAPG – American Association of Petroleum Geologists GSA – Geological Society of America SEPM – Society of Economic Paleontologists and MineralogistsFulgurite What is fulgurite? Fulgurite – a contiguous set Fulgurite – a Monster! Fulgurite – Large specimen Fulgurite – Medium Specimens Fulgurite – Small Specimens Fulgurite – Unusual and Odd Fulgurite – Groups!
(More fun!)INFO Testimonials Order FAQ Search Hints Condition Grades and Terms About Us Contact 2Neat Books
SALES!
Order
Privacy Policy
Who we are
Our website address is: http://woodenski.com/geology.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
Who we share your data with
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Your contact information
Brenda@WoodenSki.com
2Neat Books InfoOrder Form
Order FAQ
Contact 2Neat Books
Search Hints
Condition Grades and Terms
Customer Testimonials
2Neat Magazines
2Neat Books Info
2Neat Books and Magazines is proud to be a registered Colorado Business and a Paypal premier member.
Online credit card payments are routed through a secure server operated by Stripe Payment services. The order system includes a nice choice of shipping speeds and additional options to pay by Paypal, Credit Card, check or money order. We welcome international customers! Ask if you have questions.
Buy With Confidence
(c) 2020 2Neat Books – No reproduction without permission – Privacy Policy – Accessibility Policy
x
Search
Top
Search
brenda@woodenski.com