https://woodys-smokehouse.com/privacy-policy/
(903)536-9663
Contact Us
$0.00 0 items
Home / Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how Woody’s Smokehouse uses and protects any information that may be collected by Woody’s Smokehouse when you use this website.
Woody’s Smokehouse is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information, by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Woody’s Smokehouse may change this policy at any time by updating this page. You should check this page periodically in order to ensure that you are aware of any such changes.
INFORMATION THAT WE MAY COLLECT
We may collect the following information:
Your full name and email address.
Contact information including billing and shipping addresses.
Financial information such as credit card and payment details.
Demographic information such as location, preferences and interests.
Other information relevant to customer surveys and/or promotional offers.
Your credit card information is only stored on our servers briefly in order to authorize payment prior to the delivery of products you have ordered from this website. We do not store your credit card information on our servers once payment has been authorized.
WHAT WE DO WITH THE INFORMATION THAT WE COLLECT
We require this information to understand your needs, provide you with a better service and for the following reasons:
Your email address is used in conjunction with a password of your choosing in order to log in to the website.
Internal records management.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address you have provided. You can opt out of these newsletters in your account settings.
Credit card and other financial information is used only for the purpose of authorizing payment for products that you have ordered through our website.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customize the website according to your feedback.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so.
SECURITY OF INFORMATION
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure we have put in place suitable and industry standard physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
COOKIES AND HOW WE USE THEM
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
The website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over other websites. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide while visiting other sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Home
Pick-Up Menu
On Sale
All Products
Assorted Nuts & Candy
Bakery
Cheeses
Fudge
Jars
Jarred Gifts
Jerky
Meat Samplers
Pie Samplers
Pork
Poultry
Samplers
Sausage
Seasonings
Stixs
Gift Shop
Cart
Checkout
My Account
Contact Us
Who are we
How to join