https://woolery.com/woolery-privacy-policy/
Home
Woolery.com
Woolery Privacy Policy
Woolery Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you visit or make a purchase from The Woolery, which refers to website (the “Site”) https:// woolery.com, that is owned and operated by Texo Enterprises, Inc., dba The Woolery.
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
When you visit the Site, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. Additionally, as you browse the Site, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the Site, and information about how you interact with the Site. We refer to this automatically-collected information as “Device Information.”We collect Device Information using the following technologies:
“Cookies” are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier. For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
“Log files” track actions occurring on the Site, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.
Additionally, when you create on account on the Site, make a purchase or attempt to make a purchase through the Site, we collect certain information from you, including your:
Name
Billing address
Shipping address
Payment information
Phone number
Email address
We refer to this information as Order Information.When we talk about Personal Information in this Privacy Policy, we are talking both about Device Information and Order Information.
We collect data necessary to process your payment if you make purchases, such as your payment instrument number (such as a credit card number), and the security code associated with your payment instrument. All payment data is stored by PayPal, Authorize.net and or Chase Pay.
You may find their privacy policy link(s) here:
https://www.paypal.com/us/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full,
https://www.authorize.net/about-us/privacy.html
https://www.chase.com/digital/resources/privacy-security/privacy/online-privacy-policy.html
HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We use the Order Information that we collect to fulfill orders placed through the Site. Additionally, we use Order Information to:
Communicate with you
Create an account for you on our Site
Identify you as a user on our Site
Screen our orders for potential risk or fraud
Improve our products or services
Provide you with information or advertising relating to our products or services.
We use Device Information to help us screen for potential risk and, and more generally to improve and optimize our Site.
SHARING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide you with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property, or safety.  However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
CALIFORNIA SHINE THE LIGHT
California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the “Shine The Light” law, permits our users who are California residents to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, information about categories of personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared personal information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to us using the contact information provided below.
If you are under 18 years of age, reside in California, and have a registered account with the Services, you have the right to request removal of unwanted data that you publicly post on the Services. To request removal of such data, please contact us using the contact information provided below, and include the email address associated with your account and a statement that you reside in California. We will make sure the data is not publicly displayed on the Services, but please be aware that the data may not be completely or comprehensively removed from our systems.
CAN-SPAM Act of 2003
The Woolery complies with the federal CAN-SPAM Act of 2003. As a result, please be aware that we may use the email address you provide to us in order to:
send information and respond to inquiries and/or other requests or questions;
process Customer orders and send information pertaining to Customer orders;
send you additional information related to the Services; and
send marketing emails or continue sending emails to our customers after the original transaction has occurred.
In addition, The Woolery agrees to the following:
We will not use false or misleading subjects or email addresses;
We will identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way;
We will include the physical address of our business;
We will monitor third party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used;
We will honor unsubscribe requests promptly; and
We will allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email advertisement
EEA CUSTOMERS
If you reside in the European Economic Area (EEA), you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information below.Additionally, if you are a European resident, we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you (for example if you make an order through the Site), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above.  Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe to the United States.
DATA RETENTION
We will only keep your personal information for as long as it is necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy policy, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (such as tax, accounting or other legal requirements). No purpose in this policy will require us keeping your personal information for longer than the period of time in which users have an account with us.
EMAIL MARKETING and OPT-OUT PREFERENCES
We may periodically send you email advertisements regarding the products offered by The Woolery. We will not send you marketing messages if you have opted out. You may choose not to receive messages in the future by following the “unsubscribe” instructions located near the bottom of each email or by contacting us at info@woolery.com.
CHANGES
We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.
CONTACT US
If you have additional questions, please contact us by e-mail at info@woolery.com or by mail using the details provided below:
The Woolery859 E. Main Street, Ste 1AFrankfort, KY 40601
Last Update: April 1, 2020
×
Close
×
OK