http://worldforpets.com.au/privacy-policy
WebsiteSettingDrop
Welcome Guest
Newsletter
Delivery Info
FAQs
Donate
My Wishlist
Contact
My profile
Register / Login
Dropdown
Action
Another action
Something else here
Separated link
0
Your Shopping Cart is Empty
MENU
Home
Dog
All Dog Products
Dog Beds
Dog Bowls Treat Jars
Dog Carriers
Dog Clothing Accessories
Dog Coats
Dog Collars
Dog Deterrents
Dog Doors
Dog Flea & Worming
Dog Food
Dog Grooming
Dog Harnesses
Dog Health
Dog Hygiene
Dog Kennels, Crates & Pens
Dog Leads
Dog Mobility
Dog Outdoors
Dog Shampoo
Dog Stickers
Dog Tags Charms
Dog Toys
Dog Training
Dog Travel Aids
Dog Treats
NRL Dog Products
Pet Placemats
Cats
All Cats Products
Cat Beds
Cat Bowls Treat Jars
Cat Carriers
Cat Collars
Cat Deterrents
Cat Doors
Cat Food
Cat Grooming
Cat Harnesses
Cat Health
Cat Hygiene
Cat Leads
Cat Litter
Cat Litter Trays Scoops
Cat Mobility
Cat Scratchers
Cat Shampoo
Cat Tags Charms
Cat Toys
Cat Training
Cat Travel Aids
Cat Treats
Fish
All Fish Products
Air Pumps, Filters & Heaters
Chemicals,Medications
Cleaning Accessories
Fishbowls Aquariums
Food
Ornaments,Gravel-Other Decorations
Test Kits , Alterators
Bird
All Bird Products
Bird Cage Accessories
Bird Food
Bird Health
Bird Toys
Small Animal
All Small Animal
Bedding
Cages Accessories
Food
Health
Shampoo & Grooming
Toys
Reptile
All Reptile Products
Heating
Housing
Landscaping
Maintenance
Reptile Food
Flea Vet Line
All Flea-Vet-Line Products
Advantage
Advantix
Advocate
Big 5
Bravecto
Capstar
Comfortis
Comfortis Plus
Drontal
Flea & Tick Prevention
Frontline
Heartgard
Interceptor Spectrum
Medicated Shampoos
Milbemax
NexGard
NexGard Spectra
Revolution
Sentinel Spectrum
Seresto
Simparica
Worming Prevention
RSPCA
All RSPCA
Apparel
Biscuit Magazine
Christmas
Christmas Cards
Christmas Catalogue
Cupcake Day
Diaries & Calendars
Gifts For Everyone
Happy Tails
Million Paws Walk
Pet Items
Pet Memorial
RSPCA Adoptable Pets
Pet Blog
Delivery Info
FAQs
Donate
My Wishlist
Contact
Privacy Policy
Home // Privacy Policy
RSPCA Queensland is committed to handling your personal information in accordance with the Australian Privacy Principles guidelines (APP guidelines) under the Privacy Act 1988 (Commonwealth) and the Information Privacy Act 2009 (Qld). A copy of the Australian Privacy Principles may be obtained from the website of The Office of Australian Information Commissioner at www.oaic.gov.au.
We are RSPCA Queensland Limited, an Australian registered charity at 139 Wacol Station Road, Wacol 4076, Queensland, Australia, and its whole owned subsidiaries in Australia. For the purposes of applicable data protection laws, we are the “Data Controller”. “Data Controller” is a legal term used to describe the person or entity that controls the way your personal information is processed.
If you have a query about the use of your personal information you may contact our Privacy Officer by email privacyofficer@rspcaqld.org.au or in writing to the; Privacy Officer, RSPCA Queensland, Locked Bag 3000, Archerfield BH QLD 4108.
By providing us with your personal information, you agree to the collection and use or otherwise processing (including disclosure) of your personal information in the manner and for the purposes described in this Privacy notice.
What is Personal Information and what do we collect?
Personal Information is information or an opinion that identifies an individual. Examples of Personal Information we collect include: names, addresses, email addresses, phone numbers.
We collect your Personal Information for the primary purpose of providing our services to you, providing information to our clients and marketing. We may also use your Personal Information for secondary purposes closely related to the primary purpose, in circumstances where you would reasonably expect such use or disclosure. You may unsubscribe from our mailing/marketing lists at any time by contacting us via email privacyofficer@rspcaqld.org.au or in writing to the; Privacy Officer, RSPCA Queensland, Locked Bag 3000, Archerfield BH QLD 4108.
We may collect personal information including your name, gender, date of birth, address, contact numbers and email. Information about your computer hardware and software is also automatically collected by us when you use our website. This information can include your IP address, browser type, access times and/or referring website addresses. This information is used by us for the operation of the website and services offered on the website and to maintain the quality of the services offered currently and for future needs on the website.
Unless you object, this information may be shared with Member Societies and may be used:
to send news, information about our activities and general promotional material which we believe may be useful to you;
to monitor who is accessing the Website or using services offered on the Website; and
to profile the type of people accessing the Website.
If you do not wish to have your personal information used in this manner or for any other specific purpose, please advise us by writing to the Privacy Officer, RSPCA Qld, Locked Bag 3000, Archerfield BH, Qld 4108, Australia or sending an email to privacyofficer@rspcaqld.org.au.  If you choose not to provide personal information, you will still be granted access to most of our Websites. However, you may not have access to areas that require personal identification.
We may provide your personal information to the Australian National and other State and Territory RSPCA’s. We will not sell or otherwise provide your personal information to a third party, or make any other use of your personal information, for any purpose which is not incidental to your use of this Website. When we utilise cookies we may also provide information sourced from the cookie to Member Societies or to a third party agent acting on behalf of the RSPCA. For the removal of doubt, personal information will not be used for any purpose which a reasonable person in your position would not expect.
If you request us not to use personal information in a particular manner or at all, we will adopt all reasonable measures to observe your request but we may still use or disclose that information if:
we subsequently notify you of the intended use or disclosure and you do not object to that use or disclosure;
we believe that the use or disclosure is reasonably necessary to assist a law enforcement agency or an agency responsible for government or public security in the performance of their functions; or
we are required by law to disclose the information.
We will preserve the content of any e-mail or other communication you send us if we believe we have the legal requirement to do so. Your e-mail message content may be monitored by us for trouble-shooting or maintenance purposes or if any form of e-mail abuse is suspected.
Why do we collect your personal information?
We may collect your personal information when required by law but generally we collect personal information from you (or about you) to allow us to: supply you with tailored products, services or offers that may benefit you; better communicate with you; improve your experience with us; and notify you about our new products and services, discounts, promotions or upcoming events. Personal information collected or received by us will only be used for the stated purpose for which it was provided.
Cookies
Our website may utilise "cookies" which enable us to monitor traffic patterns and to serve you more efficiently. Cookies are small files of letters and numbers that are downloaded onto your computer or mobile/ handheld device when you access certain websites.  We do not use cookies to collect or record information such as your name, address or payment details.
We use cookies on this website:
for technical purposes essential for the operation of this website, such as keeping track of your current session;
to distinguish you from other users of this website, so we can personalise your experience by ensuring specific messaging and advertising is more relevant to you and so we can remember choices you make when you return to visit this website;
to collect statistical information about how visitors use this website, so we can improve the way this website works and measure the success of competitions and campaigns;
You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie and this will provide you with an opportunity to either accept or reject it in each instance. Cookies help us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our websites and allow you to make full use of our online and personalised features available on our websites. Most website browser automatically accept cookies. Unless you have adjusted your browser settings so that it will refuse cookies, cookies will be set when you access this website.
By using and browsing this website, you consent to cookies being used in accordance with this Privacy Policy.  If you wish to opt-out of having your web browsing information used for remarketing, traffic, demographics and interest reporting purposes, you can download and install Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on. Removing or rejecting cookies may affect the availability and functionality of our website and updates to your web browser may affect the functionality of the Google Analytics Opt-out add-on. To find out more information please view our Cookies Policy.
Children and Education
We consider that it is the responsibility of parents to monitor their children's use of our Website. Nevertheless it is our policy not to offer to send any promotional material to persons in that category.
Sensitive Information
We comply with the Australian Privacy Principles guidelines (APP guidelines) under the Privacy Act (Commonwealth) 1988 (Australia). In accordance with these Principles, we will not collect sensitive information about you (including information about your health, racial or ethnic origin, political or religious beliefs, philosophical beliefs, membership of professional or trade associations or unions, sexual practices and criminal records) unless you have consented to this or unless we believe we are required by law to do so.
Security of Information
Personal information which we collect (including your contact details) is kept confidential to the best of our ability. You will appreciate, however, that we cannot guarantee the security of transmission.
Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed as totally secure. Whilst we strive to protect such information, we do not warrant and cannot ensure the security of any information which you transmit to us. Accordingly, any information which you transmit to us is transmitted at your own risk. Nevertheless, once we receive your transmission, we will take reasonable steps to preserve the security of such information.
User Generated Content from Social Media Platforms
RSPCA Queensland displays User Generated Content (UGC) from social media platforms including Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, Google+ and YouTube on our website and other digital platforms. RSPCA Qld do not claim to have ownership to any of the images, videos or content posted through these channels. However, by posting to RSPCA Qld’s official channels or tagging @rspcaworldforpets, #rspcaworldforpets, @rspcaqld, #myrspcapet you hereby grant RSPCA Queensland a non-exclusive, royalty free, worldwide, revocable, non-transferable, perpetual licence to use, modify, delete from, add to, publicly display and/or reproduce your content without limitation in any online media formats and through any social media channels, pages or accounts.
Social Media Advertising, Remarketing and Custom Audiences
RSPCA Queensland may collect personal information as part of lead advertisements within social media platforms such as Facebook and Instagram but not limited to. Data collected, received or derived from any of RSPCA Queensland’s Facebook or Instagram ads (Facebook advertising data) is managed in accordance with RSPCA Queensland’s Privacy Policy and Facebook’s Policies as outlined here; https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms
Remarketing – we use remarketing services from third-party suppliers to help tailor advertising that we think may be of interest to users. These adverts may appear on the Google search result pages, or across the internet on third party websites including those within the Google Display Network (GDN), Facebook and Instagram. Cookies are placed by third-party vendors, including Google, on web browsers to track user behaviour and serve ads related to such behaviour. No identifiable information is collected through the use of Google’s, or any other third party remarketing service.
RSPCA Qld use Facebook Custom Audiences to deliver advertisements to Website Visitors on Facebook based on information RSPCA Qld already have such as email address.
We also may use information associated with Visitor social media accounts, such as demographics and other information about an individual to improve our marketing efforts. Find out more about Facebook advertising here: https://www.facebook.com/ads/about/?entry_product=ad_preferences or learn more about how to opt out of Facebook Custom Audiences here:
https://www.facebook.com/ads/preferences.
Accuracy of your Personal Information
RSPCA Queensland keep personal information as accurate, complete and up to date as necessary, taking into account its use and the interests of users.
Policy Updates
We may update this notice and our policies from time to time, so please check back here for the latest version regularly.
Privacy Policy Complaints and Enquiries
If you have an enquiry or complaint about our Privacy Policy please advise us by writing to the Privacy Officer, RSPCA Qld, Locked Bag 3000, Archerfield BH, Qld 4108, Australia or sending an email to privacyofficer@rspcaqld.org.au.
Indemnity
You indemnify us, regardless of any negligence on our part, against all losses, liabilities, legal costs and other expenses incurred by us arising directly or indirectly as a result of or in connections with the breach by you of any provision of these Terms and Conditions or any wilful, unlawful or negligent act by you in connection with the supply by a Vendor to you of, or use by you of, any Product.
Miscellaneous
If any provision of the Terms and Conditions is found to be invalid or unenforceable by a court of law, such invalidity or unenforceability will not affect the remainder of the Terms and Conditions, which will continue in full force and effect. All rights not expressly granted are reserved. This agreement sets out the entire understanding and agreement between RSPCA Qld and you with respect to the subject matter.
×
Dropdown
Action
Another action
Something else here
Separated link
PRODUCT RANGE
Birds
Books & DVDs
Cat
Christmas
Dog
Fish
Flea & Vet Lines
Pet Food
Gifts For Everyone
Leads & Collars
Lickimatts Boredom Busters
New Pet Products
Pet Doors
Pet Memorial
Pet Tracking
RSPCA
Reptile
Small Animal
Toys
Featured Products
Popular Products
RSPCA Brands
OUR SERVICES
Puppy Training School
Lost & Found Services
Pet Insurance
Pet Sitting - PetCloud
RSPCA Adoptions
CUSTOMER CARE
About Us
Volunteers
Returns
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Use
Delivery Policy
Cookies Policy
STORE LOCATIONS
World For Pets, The RSPCA Superstore
Shop 11, The Springwood Centre
Springwood 4127
Phone: 07 3340 6500
World For Pets Wacol
139 Wacol Station Road
Wacol, QLD, 4076
Phone 07 3258 5630
WORLD FOR PETS
World For Pets pet shop is Australia's largest pet superstore with over 17,000 items in stock today. Choose from the widest range of pet accessories like collars, leads, beds, toys, flea and tick protection, pet shampoo and pet toys. Whether you're looking for big pet brand names or new pet stuff and hi-tech gear for pets it's all in one location.
Thank you for supporting the work that RSPCA Australia does.
STAY CONNECTED
Payment options
CONTACT US 1300 787 743 (Australia only)
×Close