http://worldforpets.com.au/terms-of-use
WebsiteSettingDrop
Welcome Guest
Newsletter
Delivery Info
FAQs
Donate
My Wishlist
Contact
My profile
Register / Login
Dropdown
Action
Another action
Something else here
Separated link
0
Your Shopping Cart is Empty
MENU
Home
Dog
All Dog Products
Dog Beds
Dog Bowls Treat Jars
Dog Carriers
Dog Clothing Accessories
Dog Coats
Dog Collars
Dog Deterrents
Dog Doors
Dog Flea & Worming
Dog Food
Dog Grooming
Dog Harnesses
Dog Health
Dog Hygiene
Dog Kennels, Crates & Pens
Dog Leads
Dog Mobility
Dog Outdoors
Dog Shampoo
Dog Stickers
Dog Tags Charms
Dog Toys
Dog Training
Dog Travel Aids
Dog Treats
NRL Dog Products
Pet Placemats
Cats
All Cats Products
Cat Beds
Cat Bowls Treat Jars
Cat Carriers
Cat Collars
Cat Deterrents
Cat Doors
Cat Food
Cat Grooming
Cat Harnesses
Cat Health
Cat Hygiene
Cat Leads
Cat Litter
Cat Litter Trays Scoops
Cat Mobility
Cat Scratchers
Cat Shampoo
Cat Tags Charms
Cat Toys
Cat Training
Cat Travel Aids
Cat Treats
Fish
All Fish Products
Air Pumps, Filters & Heaters
Chemicals,Medications
Cleaning Accessories
Fishbowls Aquariums
Food
Ornaments,Gravel-Other Decorations
Test Kits , Alterators
Bird
All Bird Products
Bird Cage Accessories
Bird Food
Bird Health
Bird Toys
Small Animal
All Small Animal
Bedding
Cages Accessories
Food
Health
Shampoo & Grooming
Toys
Reptile
All Reptile Products
Heating
Housing
Landscaping
Maintenance
Reptile Food
Flea Vet Line
All Flea-Vet-Line Products
Advantage
Advantix
Advocate
Big 5
Bravecto
Capstar
Comfortis
Comfortis Plus
Drontal
Flea & Tick Prevention
Frontline
Heartgard
Interceptor Spectrum
Medicated Shampoos
Milbemax
NexGard
NexGard Spectra
Revolution
Sentinel Spectrum
Seresto
Simparica
Worming Prevention
RSPCA
All RSPCA
Apparel
Biscuit Magazine
Christmas
Christmas Cards
Christmas Catalogue
Cupcake Day
Diaries & Calendars
Gifts For Everyone
Happy Tails
Million Paws Walk
Pet Items
Pet Memorial
RSPCA Adoptable Pets
Pet Blog
Delivery Info
FAQs
Donate
My Wishlist
Contact
Terms Of Use
Home // Terms Of Use
Your use of www.worldforpets.com.au website and the information available on this site is subject to the following terms and conditions.
Ownership
This site www.worldforpets.com.au (Website) is owned and operated by RSPCA Queensland Ltd. ABN 74 851 544 037 (RSPCA Qld) from its registered address at 139 Wacol Station Road, Wacol, Queensland 4076, Australia.
Terminology
In these terms and conditions, the expressions "we", "us", and "our" are references to RSPCA Queensland.
Use of Website from outside Australia
The information on this Website (the Information) and the Terms and Conditions have been prepared in accordance with Australian law (Commonwealth and Queensland). RSPCA Queensland Ltd. If you are residing in or accessing this Website from a country other than Australia (the User Country) the Information and the Terms and Conditions may not satisfy the laws of the User Country. Should the Information and the Terms and Conditions satisfy the laws of the User Country, then you are entitled to use the Website. In the event that the Information or the Terms and Conditions do not satisfy the laws of the User Country, this Website is not intended for your use, and you are not entitled to rely on the Information. If you do so, you agree to indemnify us for any loss or damage which we may incur as a consequence. Please view our Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy for more information on how we manage your data.
Acceptance of Terms and Conditions
Your access and use of the Website is conditional upon your acceptance and compliance with the terms, conditions, notices and disclaimers contained in this document and elsewhere on the Website (known collectively as the Terms and Conditions). Your use of and/or continued access to the Website constitutes your agreement to the Terms and Conditions.
We may amend the Terms and Conditions at any time by posting the amended terms and conditions on the Website. The amended terms and conditions will be effective immediately and you will be bound by the amended terms and conditions from that time. This agreement may not be amended otherwise. You should visit this page periodically to review the Terms and Conditions. If you violate any Terms and Conditions your right to use and access the Website automatically terminates.
Amendments to the terms
We reserve the right to amend these Terms without notice to you from time to time. Any such amendment shall be effective once the revised terms have been posted on the website (www.rspcaqld.org.au).
Restrictions on Use
The Website is available only for your personal and non-profit use. We have the right to change or discontinue any feature of the Website including the Material defined in clause 7 (Copyright), hours of availability and equipment required for access. You may make a single hard copy of the Material. You may not otherwise copy, reproduce, republish, frame, post, upload, distribute, transmit or modify in any way all or any part of the material contained on this Website, unless expressly provided for on the Website or expressly authorised in writing by RSPCA Qld. You must not transmit or attempt to transmit any data, code or other material of any kind to this Website which contains a virus or other harmful component.
Trade Marks
All names, logos and trademarks are either our property or the property of third parties who have contributed to the Website. Nothing on the Website should be interpreted as granting any rights to use or distribute any names, logos or trademarks, without our express written agreement or the relevant contributor. Nothing displayed on the Website should be construed as granting any licence or right to use any name, logo or trademark without our express permission, or the relevant third party contributor.
Copyright
RSPCA Queensland Ltd. All Rights Reserved. The content of this Website, including all information such as text, graphics, images and other material (Material), is protected by Australian and international copyright law. You may download a single copy of the Material and where necessary for reference purposes keep a temporary copy in your computer's cache and make a single hard copy of the Material. You may make such other use of the Material as is otherwise expressly authorised on the Website. Unauthorised use of the Material may violate these copyright laws.
No Representations
We make no representations about the accuracy, reliability, completeness or timeliness of the Material. The Material may contain inaccuracies or typographical errors. The use of the Website and the Material is at your own risk. Changes are periodically made to the Website and may be made at any time.
No Warranties
The Website and Material are provided on an as-is basis without any warranties of any kind. We disclaim all warranties to the fullest extent permitted by law.
The Trade Practices Act 1974 (Cth) and all corresponding state and territory legislation implies terms, conditions and warranties into some contracts for the supply of goods and services and prohibits the exclusion, restriction and modification of such terms (Prescribed Terms). Except as provided by the Prescribed Terms, all warranties express or implied by law in any way relating to access to, or non-access to, the Website or the use of or reliance upon the Website or the Material are excluded.
In addition, we do not warrant that the Website will operate error free or that this Website and its servers are free of computer viruses and other harmful data, code, components or other material. Nor do we warrant that it will be able to prevent any illegal, harmful or inappropriate use, modification or alteration of the Website, or will give notice of such use, modification or alteration. If your use of the Website or the Material results in the need for servicing or replacing equipment or data, we are not responsible for those costs.
The Website and Materials provide general information which must not be relied upon or regarded as a substitute for specific professional advice, including veterinary advice. We make no warranties that the Website and Materials are accurate or suitable for a person’s unique circumstances and provide the Website and Materials on the basis that all persons accessing the Website responsibly assess the relevance and accuracy of its content.
Limitation of Liability
Except as provided by the Prescribed Terms, neither we, our officers, agents, contractors, volunteers and employees and our Members Societies and their officers, agents, contractors, volunteers and employees, our suppliers, or any third parties mentioned on the Website shall be liable for any loss or damage whatsoever (including, without limitation, incidental and consequential damages, lost profits, or damages) resulting from the use or access to or inability to use and access the Website and the Material.
Specific Warnings
You must ensure that your access to this Website is not illegal or prohibited by laws which apply to you. You must take your own precautions to ensure that the process which you employ for accessing this Website does not expose you to the risk of viruses, malicious computer code or other forms of interference which may damage your own computer system.
Taxes
Certain taxes and government charges may be payable by you in relation to your use of our Website or transactions on or in any way connected with the Website. We will not indemnify you for any such taxes and other government charges. Prices or charges on our Website include Goods and Services Tax (GST), if any.
Internet Service Providers
If you are an internet service and/or access provider, you must not use the Website in any manner or for any purpose which is unlawful or in any manner which violates any of our rights or which is prohibited by the Terms and Conditions.
External Websites and Links
The Website contains hyperlinks and other pointers to internet websites operated by third parties (Linked Sites). The Linked Sites are not under our control and we are not responsible for the content of any Linked Site or any hyperlink contained in a Linked Site.
The inclusion of any link does not imply our endorsement of the Linked Site. You link to any such Linked Site entirely at your own risk. We exercise no control over the quality, safety or legality of the items advertised or sold and statements made through any Linked Sites.
The material on any Linked Site, including product information and prices, are the responsibility of the operator of the Linked Site. Any information contained on a Linked Site may change without notice by the operator of that website. We are not liable for the prices or price changes, including where price changes have not been reflected on the relevant site.
Any purchases or dealings you have with a Linked Site are done at your own risk. We are not a party to any transaction between you and a Linked Site. Your use of a Linked Site is subject to the terms and conditions of that site in addition to the Terms and Conditions of this Website. If there is any inconsistency, to the extent of the inconsistency, the Terms and Conditions of this Website prevail.
Google Maps
The Google Maps service is made available to you under licence from Google Inc. By using the Google Maps service and any data or information accessed from Google Maps, you also agree to be bound by the Google Maps terms and conditions available at the following URL: http://www.google.com/intl/en_us/help/terms_maps.html.
User Generated Content
RSPCA Queensland displays User Generated Content (UGC) from social media platforms including Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, Google+ and YouTube on our website and other digital platforms. RSPCA Qld do not claim to have ownership to any of the images, videos or content posted through these channels. However, by posting to RSPCA Qld’s official channels or tagging @rspcaqld, #myrspcapet you hereby grant RSPCA Queensland a non-exclusive, royalty free, worldwide, revocable, non-transferable, perpetual licence to use, modify, delete from, add to, publicly display and/or reproduce your content without limitation in any online media formats and through any social media channels, pages or accounts. View our Privacy Policy for more information.
Advertisements
The Website may contain embedded hyperlinks or referral buttons to websites operated by third parties or their licensees or contractors (Advertisers). Clause 14 also applies to sites operated by Advertisers. Any claims by Advertisers are not recommendations or endorsements by us.
Disputes and Linked Sites and Advertisers
As we do not and cannot be involved in your interaction with Linked Sites and Advertisers, in the event that you have a dispute with one or more Linked Sites or Advertisers, to the extent permitted by law, you agree to release us (and our officers, agents, contractors, volunteers and employees) from liability for any claims, demands and damages (actual and consequential) arising out of or in any way connected with such disputes.
Termination
The Terms and Conditions are effective until terminated by us. We may terminate this agreement and your access to the Website at any time without notice. ln the event of termination, you are no longer authorised to access the Website. All restrictions imposed on you, disclaimers and limitations of liability set out in the Terms and Conditions will survive termination.
Governing Law
The Terms and Conditions are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Queensland, Australia. You irrevocably and unconditionally submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Queensland.
Loyalty Club Terms and Conditions
View our Loyalty Club Terms and Conditions.
Privacy Policy
View our Privacy Policy.
Cookies Policy
View our Cookies Policy.
Miscellaneous
If any provision of the Terms and Conditions is found to be invalid or unenforceable by a court of law, such invalidity or unenforceability will not affect the remainder of the Terms and Conditions which will continue in full force and effect. All rights not expressly granted are reserved. This agreement sets out the entire understanding and agreement between RSPCA Qld Ltd and you with respect to the subject matter.
×
Dropdown
Action
Another action
Something else here
Separated link
PRODUCT RANGE
Birds
Books & DVDs
Cat
Christmas
Dog
Fish
Flea & Vet Lines
Pet Food
Gifts For Everyone
Leads & Collars
Lickimatts Boredom Busters
New Pet Products
Pet Doors
Pet Memorial
Pet Tracking
RSPCA
Reptile
Small Animal
Toys
Featured Products
Popular Products
RSPCA Brands
OUR SERVICES
Puppy Training School
Lost & Found Services
Pet Insurance
Pet Sitting - PetCloud
RSPCA Adoptions
CUSTOMER CARE
About Us
Volunteers
Returns
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Use
Delivery Policy
Cookies Policy
STORE LOCATIONS
World For Pets, The RSPCA Superstore
Shop 11, The Springwood Centre
Springwood 4127
Phone: 07 3340 6500
World For Pets Wacol
139 Wacol Station Road
Wacol, QLD, 4076
Phone 07 3258 5630
WORLD FOR PETS
World For Pets pet shop is Australia's largest pet superstore with over 17,000 items in stock today. Choose from the widest range of pet accessories like collars, leads, beds, toys, flea and tick protection, pet shampoo and pet toys. Whether you're looking for big pet brand names or new pet stuff and hi-tech gear for pets it's all in one location.
Thank you for supporting the work that RSPCA Australia does.
STAY CONNECTED
Payment options
CONTACT US 1300 787 743 (Australia only)
×Close