http://worldmapsonline.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Privacy policy
Privacy policy
Our customers privacy is of utmost importance to us. We do not share our customer information with anyone.
This privacy statement covers our site worldmapsonline.com.
Because this Web site wants to demonstrate its commitment to our users' privacy, it has agreed to disclose its information practices and its privacy practices. If users have questions or concerns regarding this statement, they should first contact customer service by email at contact@worldmapsonline.com, phone at (206) 781-1400, or postal mail at 1605 South Jackson Street. Seattle, WA 98144.
Information Collection
1-World Globes & Maps, LLC is the sole owner of the information collected on worldmapsonline.com and collects information from our users at several different points on our Web site.
Order Processing
We request information from the customer on our order form. A customer must provide contact information (such as name, email, and shipping address) and financial information (such as credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for completion of the order. If we have trouble processing an order, the information is used to contact the customer. We may occasionally contact past customers with marketing notifications, but we do not sell, rent, or otherwise share customer data with marketers.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's computer tied to information about the user. [Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site.] We use both session ID cookies and persistent cookies. For the session ID cookie, once users close the browser, the cookie simply terminates. A persistent cookie is a small text file stored on the user's hard drive for an extended period of time. Persistent cookies can be removed by following Internet browser help file directions. We use Cookies to track and maintain user sessions, they are needed for the shopping cart to function properly.
Log Files
Like most standard Web site servers we use log files. This includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses, etc. are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Sharing
We do not sell, trade, rent, or otherwise share your personal information with third party marketers.
Legal Disclaimer
Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on our Web site.
Links
This Web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we at 1-World Globes & Maps, LLC are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
Security
When you submit personal information on this Web site, we will protect your information both online and offline. When you submit sensitive information (such as credit card number), that information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software in the industry - SSL. Every page of our site uses SSL, indicated by the https preceeding the website address, and confirmed with a visual lock icon shown in the address bar of most browsers.
We also use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure once we receive it. For example, we store the personal information you provide on computer systems with limited access that are located in secured facilities.
Correcting/Updating/Deleting/Deactivating Personal Information
If a Customer's personally identifiable information changes (such as zip code, phone, email or postal address), or if a user no longer desires our service, we provide a way to correct, update or delete/deactivate users' personally identifiable information. You can email Customer Service at contact@worldmapsonline.com, or contact us by telephone or postal mail at the contact information listed below.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement. If, however, we are going to use users' personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection we will notify users via email. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. However, if users have opted out of all communication with the site, or deleted/deactivated their account, then they will not be contacted, nor will their personal information be used in this new manner. In addition, if we make any material changes in our privacy practices that do not affect user information already stored in our database, we will post a prominent notice on our Web site notifying users of the change.
Contact Information
If users have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us at: Phone (206) 781-1400 Fax (206) 781-1401 Email: contact@worldmapsonline.com Postal Address: 1-World Globes & Maps, LLC 1605 South Jackson Street Seattle, WA 98144
×
OK
*Free ground shipping offer applies to online orders only and within contiguous U.S.•All prices are in USD©
1998-2020. 1-World Globes & Maps, LLC•All rights reserved World Maps Online