https://www.learningaboutdogs.com/privacy/
Learning About Dogs | Privacy
Facebook
Instagram
RSS
About
Join
My Courses
SETTERS LOG IN
0 Items
MENUMENUHomeLearnArticles
Collie CollectiveConnection
Resources
Training with FoodLiving with DogsTeaching Reinforcement
ContactSetter Members
Select Page
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy explains how we collect, use, disclose and maintain the personal information you provide us when you:
enrol on our workshops, courses; join our membership or other activities; subscribe to the newsletter; order books or videos.
This policy applies to personal details held on our websites https://www.learningaboutdogs.com and  https://virtual.learningaboutdogs.com.
Our website may contains links to other websites. However, Learning About Dogs Ltd is not responsible for personal details held on websites we do not administer. If you provide your details to other websites, you should read their privacy policies.
Your Right to Privacy
You have the right to know what information we hold about you, to know how that information is being used, to obtain a copy of that information, to have that information corrected or removed, and to have that information protected.
What information will we collect about you?
For any of our services, we collect your name and email. We only collect your address and telephone if you order goods to be delivered.
If you become a member or enrol in a course, you may post information to share with other forum members. Forums are only accessible by members. The name you provide is visible to other users on our forums, but your email address is not visible.
If you leave a forum, your posts will be deleted. When a course closes, all course posts will be deleted. Although all users of our forums agree to adhere to the provisions of our “User Conduct” policy, be aware that information you post could be read, collected and shared by other members. You are solely responsible for the content you post. Do not post personal information that should not be shared. Do not share information posted by others, without their consent.
If you have concerns about personal information posted on a forum, please contact us.
How will we protect information about you?
Our website uses SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption for all data, enabling users to enter personal information in a safe and secure manner. All servers we use to store personally identifiable information are in a secure environment.
Some websites recognise your computer and keep track of your preferences and other details by placing cookies (small text files) on your computer. Our websites do not use cookies.
Our payments are processed through PayPal, who are only authorised to use personal information for processing order transactions.
How will we use information about you?
Your information allows us to process your orders for workshops, courses, books, videos, newsletters and other goods and services. If you sign up for courses or membership, your information allows you to access the course or membership area.
Occasionally, we may email essential information to you, about changes in terms of conditions or services.
If you have consented to receive marketing, we will send you information about products and services (courses, videos, books, etc.) which may be of interest to you. You may contact us to opt out of this service.
We will not use your personal information for any automated decision making processes, or share your information with organisations outside Learning About Dogs Ltd.
How can you access your information?
We want to make sure your contact information is accurate and up to date. You may view your contact information by clicking My Account at the top of the page. You may contact us to request correction or removal of, or ask questions about, the information we hold about you. You may contact us to request an electronic copy of all the personal information we hold about you. Please contact our data protection officer Justis McLaren
Changes to our privacy policy
While you maintain membership, you will be notified of any updates to our privacy policy. This privacy policy was last updated on 1 May 2018.
Questions about our privacy policy
If you have any questions about our privacy policy, please contact our data protection officer Justis McLaren
Get in touch
Name
Email Address
Message
Send
About
Join
Newsletter
Privacy
Terms & Conditions
Home
Learn
Articles
Resources
My Courses
Newsletter
Facebook
Instagram
RSS
© Learning About Dogs Ltd 2020