http://www.goodvac.com/terms_privacy.asp
Skip to content
Vacuums
FREE SHIPPING on orders over $100
View Details
Universal / Fit All
Rainbow
Kirby
Vacuums
Universal / Fit All
Miele
FilterQueen
Rainbow
Systems
Accessories
Supplies
Parts
Rainbow E2 (black) series
Rainbow E2 (blue) series
Rainbow E2 (2 speed) series
Rainbow E series
Rainbow SE Performance
Rainbow D4 SE
Aquamate
Aquamate II
Rainbow Aquamate III parts
Rainbowmate E series
Rainbowmate E2 series
Rainbowmate SE D4
Rainbow RainMate
Liquids
Old Rainbow model parts
Rainbow MiniJet
Rainbow RainJet parts
Aftermarket Parts
FAQ
Kirby
Accessories
Supplies
Kirby Bags / Filters
Chemicals
Brush Rolls and Belts
Fragrances
Manuals
Parts
Kirby Avalir 2 parts
Kirby Avalir parts
Kirby Sentria II parts
Kirby Sentria parts
Kirby Ultimate G Diamond Ed. Parts
Kirby Ultimate G parts
Kirby G6 parts
Kirby G5 parts
Kirby G4 parts
Kirby G3 parts
Popular Parts
1990 and older
Kirby Demo tools
FAQ
Air Quality
Fragrances
Fragrances Ltd scents with Drop Cap
Rogers scents
Purifiers / Diffusers
Replacement Filters
Austin Air
Electrolux
Fellowes
Honeywell
Inofia
Medify
Oransi
Pullman-Ermator
Sharp
Winix
Filterqueen Supplies
Oreck
Commercial
Mercury Floor Machines
Cleanmaster Floor Buffer Parts
Dynamite Ultra D.C. High Speed Burnisher Parts
HERCULES Super-Heavy Duty Floor Buffer Parts
Lo-Boy Ultra Quiet Floor Buffer Parts
Low Boy Orbiting Floor Machine Parts
Mercury Brushes and Pad Drivers
Mercury Floor Machine Parts
Mercury Storm Wet/Dry Vacuum Cleaner
One-Touch Dry Scrub Floor Parts
The BOSS Floor Buffer Parts
The BOSS Multi-Tasker Floor Buffer Parts
Ultra D.C. High Speed Burnisher Parts
Centurion Safety Products
Nav Menu 4
Instructions
Export
Kirby Vacuum Manual
Nav Menu 6
Nav Menu 7
Nav Menu 8
Privacy Policy
GoodVac.Com
Corp.
8923 S. Octavia Ave.Bridgeview IL 60455
Phone: (310) 734 6063
Fax: (267) 295 8676
Email: Sales@GoodVac.com
You have a right to know how information about you is used and protected. This policy explains how Easy Systems, Inc. (hereinafter called "Company" or "We) collects, uses and disseminates information about individuals. Collection of Information
Non Personal Information. As part of the standard operation of our Web sites and the Web pages that you access via hyperlinks in our online marketing campaigns ("Other Web Pages"), we may collect certain non-personal information from visitors including, but not limited to, their browser type (e.g., Netscape or Internet Explorer), operating system (e.g., Windows or Macintosh), IP address, and the domain name from which they accessed the site (e.g. aol.com). In addition, we may collect information about visitors' browsing behavior, such as the date and time they visit our Web sites or Other Web Pages, the areas or pages of our Web sites and Other Web Pages that they visit, the amount of time spent viewing our Web sites and Other Web Pages, the number of times the visitor returns to our Web sites and Other Web Pages, and other click-stream data. We may use cookies (small text files that are stored on the hard drives of visitors computers when they access our Web sites) to collect this information, which may be combined with visitors' personal information and shared with our marketing partners, advertisers, and other third parties. We may also use cookies for other purposes, including, but not limited to, retrieving information previously provided by recipients of our marketing campaigns and visitors to our Web sites and remembering the passwords of visitors' to our Web Sites and Other Web pages.
Survey, Order Form, Registration Pages. We collect information from individuals when an individual voluntarily completes an order form, a Company survey, or a registration page online or by means of online order forms or registration pages operated by third parties (collectively, a "Survey"). (As used herein, "online" means using the Internet and related technologies.) In the Surveys, the Company or the third party (the "Third Party") may ask an individual to provide various information, which may include his or her name, email address, street address, zip code, telephone numbers, cell phone numbers and carriers, birth date, age, gender, salary range, education, marital status, occupation, employment information, personal and online interests, and such other information as may be requested from time to time (together, "Survey Information"). Completing a Survey is completely voluntary, and individuals are under no obligation to provide Survey Information to the Company or Third Party, but an individual may receive incentives from the Company or a Third Party in exchange for providing Survey Information, including but not limited to software programs, screensavers, sweepstakes entries etc. Co-Registration Partners. The Company collects information from subscribers when an individual provides information to a third party, and the individual subsequently is given the opportunity to subscribe to The Company's email marketing lists. Such subscriptions are provided at no cost to the individual. When acquiring subscribers through the "co-registration" process, the Company seeks assurances from the Third Party that the Third Party has provided a conspicuous option for the individual to choose not to become a subscriber of Company's lists and that a hyperlink to this privacy policy is available for each individual to read before deciding to become a subscriber of Company's lists. Other Information. The Company may request personal information on other occasions, including (1) when an individual makes a claim for a prize or seeks to redeem an incentive offered by the Company or by a third party; (2) when an individual requests assistance through Company's customer service department; and (3) when an individual voluntarily subscribes to a Company service or newsletter (together, "Other Information"). Outside Information. The Company may receive, store and disseminate information about individuals from third parties ("Outside Information"). No Information Collected from Children. The Company does not intentionally collect personal information from children who are younger than age 13. The Company therefore has no such information to disclose to third parties or to use. Use of Individual Information. Individual Information. As used in this Policy, Individual Information means Survey Information, Third Party List Information, Other Information, and Outside Information, and any other information the Company gathers or receives about individuals. Discretion to Use Information. We may use Individual Information for any legally permissible purpose in the Company's sole discretion. The following paragraphs describe how the Company currently uses Individual Information, but we may change or broaden its use at any time, and we may update this Policy from time to time. The Company may use Individual Information to provide promotional offers to individuals by means of email advertising, telephone marketing, direct mail marketing, online banner advertising, and package stuffers, among other possible uses. Targeted Advertising. Based on the Individual Information, we sometimes attempt to customize and target advertising to an individual, and attempt to show advertising for products and services in which the person has expressed an interest in the Surveys and otherwise. We may, at our discretion, target advertising by using email, direct mail, telephones, cell phones, and other means of communication to provide promotional offers. Email. The Company uses Individual Information to provide promotional offers by email to individuals. The Company may maintain separate email lists for different purposes and may send promotional offers from more than one list. If email recipients wish to be removed from a particular list, they need to follow the instructions at the end of each email message to unsubscribe from the particular list. To unsubscribe from all Company email lists, a person may visit and follow the instructions provided at
www.goodvac.com
or by sending an email to sales@goodvac.com. Direct Mail and Telemarketing. We may use Individual Information to advertise, directly or indirectly to individuals using direct mail marketing or telemarketing using telephones and cell phones. Profiles of Individuals. The Company may gather Individual Information to make a profile of a person. A profile is created by associating the various sources of Individual Information. Storage of Individual Information and Security. The Company has appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you. We store the Individual Information on Company computers. However, we cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent the Company computers from being accessed without authorization and the Individual Information stored on them stolen, deleted or changed, and the Company assumes no responsibility for such actions. Dissemination of Individual Information. Sale or Transfer to Third Parties. The Company may sell or transfer Individual Information to third parties for any purpose in the Company's discretion. Order Fulfillment. We will transfer Individual Information to third parties when necessary to provide a product or service that a person orders from such third party while using Company web sites or when responding to offers provided by Company. Legal Process. The Company may disclose Individual Information to respond to subpoenas, court orders, and other legal process. Summary Data. We may sell or transfer non-individualized information, such as summary or aggregated anonymous information about all persons or sub-groups of persons, for any purpose in the Company's discretion. Privacy Practices of Third Parties. Advertiser cookies. Advertising agencies, advertising networks, and other companies (together, "Advertisers") who place advertisements on Company web sites may use their own cookies on your computer and collect information from such cookies. The Company does not control the Advertisers' use of their own cookies and the Company has no responsibility for such cookies and the use of information gathered from them. Links. The Company's web sites and email messages sometimes contain hypertext links to the web sites of third parties. The Company is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such other web sites. Affiliated Companies. We may disclose, transfer and sell Individual Information to entities affiliated with Company in Company's discretion.
Deleting Individual Information. Individuals have the ability to request deletion of their Individual Information by sending an email to sales@goodvac.com in which they clearly request to have their Individual Information deleted from the Company database.
Information Exchanges. Individuals may opt-out of information exchanges with Third Parties by sending an email to sales@goodvac.com in which they clearly request to have their Individual Information deleted from the Company's Information Exchange database.
Miscellaneous.
Privacy Policy Updates. This Privacy Policy was last updated on August 19, 2008. We reserve the right to revise this policy from time to time without prior notice, so please review this Privacy Policy regularly.
More Information. If you have questions about this Policy, please contact us at Sales@goodvac.com.